	Excited about the idea of college lately 	surprise
	That would be great which of course means it will never happen 	sadness
	Fat stank people ME	disgust
	When you quit fearing pain and learn to  and embrace it you will lose everything all together	fear
	common irrational beliefs 4 we're victims of our emotions and have no control over them so we can't help how we feel!! 	surprise
	Christmas Christmas Christmas  I can't wait I love it Worldslongestcandycanecom  	joy
	Real shit IDGAF what the policy is I dont want any fuxkin discount or any FUXKIN DEAL!!! I waited in line I wanted my fuckn Coffee 	anger
	I love that RT “RevRunWisdom: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Ayer le dije al medico y me mando con la doctora Keiko que hace acupuntura 	fear
	Why doesn't  sell their music on iTunes? IM TIRED OF THE POSERS!!   	anger
	After today Half the world be lifted off my shoulder The other half will be Bio 1010 on Monday 	joy
	I'm looking right in the eye and sayin'  Get The Fuck Out My Way I've Got Things To Do!	fear
	Premature wrinkles  grey hair 	fear
	Je viens de renouveller des domaines jusqu'après la fin du monde Ils entreront dans la postérité dans le nouveau monde 	fear
	Gotta get on this early flight back to GA tomorrow at least I'll be back home in a couple of weeks for a real break	sadness
	 when people chew their food obnoxiously loud!!!  	anger
	Yall dont understand how much mr Encalades room STINKS! Like im not even kidding  ! (The kids not him)	disgust
	I love getting the lights turned off on me when I'm still in the bathroom  	surprise
	you poor thing but I have something that will make you feel better 	surprise
	second-hand book sale tomorrrow 	joy
	Home Sweet Home! 	surprise
	Roommate got the flu shot Has the flu anyway 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Overheard during Thanksgiving dinner: They're going to PROVIDENCE executions drive-bys murder rate that awful parking garage 	fear
	Happy birthday to a pretty cool girl  	surprise
	Het hoofd van zijn zus gevuld met macaroni op een schaal met slablaadjes en mes en vorkEven naar de macaroni kijken hoor	surprise
	Concered my of hights today! Went all the way to the top of climbing! Sooo proud and beat enrique on quad biking!:D love my girls x	fear
	it's super easy one your get the hang of it! O/ the only thing is sometimes the quality doesn't turn out great 	sadness
	I Hate People With Crusty Nasty Lips 	disgust
	Small children+water that is too deep for them=probably no good 	surprise
	It's such a scary game If they invest in 2 you won't be getting ANY sleep ]	fear
	Student being harassed because he argued with a teacher He might have to go on his knees and beg for his admit card nw 	sadness
	There is also a reason why no one can use the 2nd area of practice room lmao I bet yall didn't even know about that!	surprise
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	FIFA tournament with the boys Milan is now out in the semi-final to City Eternal sadness!  	sadness
	People chewing is the most irritating thing ever 	anger
	Excuse me Kurt How did I not know you had a twitter? And why haven't I seen you lately? 	sadness
	Every girl is the fuckin same  I swear  These hoes out here given it away like it's nothin  have some more respect for yourself 	disgust
	PREECHITRT hartramsey: Righteous never BLOWS UP or CLAMS UP It surveys the situation  obeys GOD in spite of satanic aggravation	anger
	The cookie I am eating has all of the following in it: Chocolate Chips pecans pretzels potato chips  	joy
	Watching NetFlix the other day You were in Cairo Teller was in the hotel room He has a voice!!! 	surprise
	Writing is fun when it's just for you and your peers It becomes scary when you start sending out your work to be judged  rejected 	fear
	The sad moment when you're warned that you're probably gonna get made fun of at school theat day! 	sadness
	i DONT want to be one of the people God denys when its judgement day  that's my !	fear
	Doing something for you It will take a while I'm leaving in a few but expect it this weekend 	surprise
	Only put out into the Universe what you would want to come back to you~ via/   	joy
	 RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	My girl kept tellin me u never surprise me surprise me So I introduced her 2 my side chick oops 	surprise
	Well feeling a lot better then I& this morning That was 1 bad ass migraine Knock me for 16hrs Back to Derby tomorrow 	joy
	Gonna be awake all night after seeing those snakes 	fear
	ew i was only busy for like an hour you'll be busy for like 4 	sadness
	Wats worse dan makin pea salad Eatin it 	disgust
	I'm so hungry I'm trying not to go to Coney but that's my only option right now this sum Bull Shit 	anger
	So I'm in my bed naked my sister comes trying to be a bitch turns on the light and pulls the blankets off of me !!!! Dumb ass	surprise
	Ben zooo bang dat ik een hint eruit heb laten vallen ofzo echt iets voor mij 	surprise
	lost 2 followers today Maybe it was me saying I was hungry	sadness
	I have yet to see a day go by where I don't see Aly Antocha on my timeline… WHY DOES SHE EVEN EXIST? 	disgust
	Top things I'm scared of in order (animal kingdom) & rats aliens snakes lizards centipedes beesI hate them all 	fear
	My eyesight is getting worse I need my glasses to watch tv!!! Ugh 	sadness
	Open my emails first One gives you work one takes work off your plate 	surprise
	Why does most people conceal the truth of right when they see the wrong? 	fear
	I am determined to practice deep listening I am determined to practice loving speech by T Nhat Hanh 	joy
	and love is our enemy and friend both we are afraid for losing control of our lives but fear and love let us know we live real XO	fear
	Puis en rentrant faut que je fasse à manger le ménage et mon sac 	joy
	Almost finished! Just bought the presents i'll finish the poem tonight and then i have to finish the  but when? !	surprise
	My family insists on getting food they know I can't eat 	sadness
	The fear of the  is the beginning of wisdomdoing His will connotes His 	fear
	go bieber go bieber with party rockers Nice a big to me oh and ur sexy and u know it	surprise
	the awkward moment when someone who shouldn't wear a thong does Oo 	fear
	going at this rate i won't sleep at alll tonight 	joy
	Hate the fact that people are using  as an excuse to get faded every weekend at it's finest	sadness
	Demi Moore is doing the right thing Ashton cheated on her on their wedding anniversary 	disgust
	I wish I could sing like a Disney princess Belle Ariel Cinderella - they had PIPES! 	sadness
	I hate that commercial on MTV with the girl barfing Like dude I was eating  it popped out !	disgust
	Crazy smh RT RatherHaveJesus: Some really think that Chris Brown is God   	sadness
	Your driver today is   When you get on the  give him a by saying Hello Paul!  	surprise
	We're sorry but the clip you selected isn't available from your location Please select another clip NO I REFUSE 	sadness
	On that point where I try to be  but I'm about to lose it my is hard to control	anger
	Ever since gettin into a heated argument with my ARA I walk by her office and give her the dirtiest look 	disgust
	WANT ENGLISH BULLDOG PUPPY   	sadness
	ALBINISM is the saddest thing since spectacular offered a grinding competition 	sadness
	Acabo de confundir a cierta persona en mi uni con cierta personita  mi conciencia no me deja	fear
	BLAST!! I would've loved to get a shot of that beautiful display!! 	sadness
	HOW THE FUCK DID MOVES LIKE JAGGER FIND ITS WAY ON MY IPOD??? ANSWER ME ITUNES DAMMIT!!! 	anger
	Off to take 3 kids to school half an hour early so 1 of them can go swimming and the other 2 can get cold and bored in the playground 	joy
	the feeling of gladness based on the lovegraceblessingspromises nearness of  that belong to those who believe in 	joy
	Vorrei tanto parlargli ora che è online ma tanto so che gli do solo fastidio TT qualcuno mi dia qualche consiglioooooo! 	sadness
	NEW MUPPET MOVIE WAS PHENOMENON YOU GUYS! So many excellent life lessons        	joy
	It would seems that g1 has outright blocked me on the TWITTER MASHEEN That's a damn shame he was a really cool guy 	sadness
	system restore totally screwed up my mouse function 	sadness
	Eaglet flew off with his mum back to the mountain This has made my day- I thought he was dead   	joy
	wat ben ik tog blij met de 3knutselbakken van mn zusterr (:  	surprise
	The main reason girls can't keep a good nigga 	fear
	just spent $218 on karmaloop without consulting you i hope you approve 	surprise
	Walked to a tutorial is a downpoor and mental winds for the lecturer not to turn up! 	anger
	not true I brake up with my hoes every week just let them no this shit could be over lmao Jp	fear
	If my OG votes republican in 2012 I will snap her neckPlus I just found out she voted for bush both terms	disgust
	Bianca is so talented ! i'm not surprised  but what does that say about Maya and PLL? 	fear
	Down to my final hours of prison break 	sadness
	My grandma makes a brilliant drink we call River Water  Only within the past few of my 26 years did I discern it was fruit tea 	surprise
	da 4 horsies of investing apocalypse r   that u won't make any $$$ ~ BUDDIEE18	fear
	Cant believe I'm going to miss my training session because the bloody bus broke down 	anger
	Riding in a Prius for the first time I had no idea Shouldn't be this cool 	surprise
	“teemabeema: You dudes that eat girls out when they're on their periodsyall meI mean that from the depth of my soul” 	disgust
	Afspraak met  vanavond om 19u in het  van  En de Sint komt natuurlijk niet met lege handen! 	surprise
	BWAHAHAHAHA RT EJAY71: Thinking while in bed crazy how close you were to someone and you look at them so differently 	disgust
	pissed the fuck off aboutta just go to the gym to take my out	anger
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Finally my apartment's doing something right! They switched cable provider to  They opened up the golf channel too!! 	joy
	Slightest brush and go down but its fine to kick someone and then tell the ref he is an idiot! Busquets on his arse again 	surprise
	I'm pretty sure I'm the only weirdo left in the world that hates a home cooked meal 	disgust
	i love how i always think I'm gonna have a great day nothing ever happens like i think it will another shitty dayy 	surprise
	I can't wait to be happy  in love  rich  pretty  	joy
	This four day weekend was a blink and you might have missed it kinda thing 	sadness
	Its hard to dress skater in the winter 	sadness
	every bar back home looks like a wedding reception 	fear
	Still laughing ALOT about face when he walked through the door and saw everyone 	surprise
	Ce qui est fabuleux ds la fête des prénoms c'est qu'on oublie tout le temps mais il y a tjrs une personne qui nous le rappelle 	surprise
	Treino ontem muito proveitoso só base e outro estilo de dança que to aplicando dentro do free step ^^  	surprise
	just opened my orch folderand my huge black brigadoon music wasn't in it 	sadness
	My godsister and called me weird because I said that is an emotion I experience very RARELY	sadness
	I would rather live with  in my heart than in my head 	fear
	So pissed sound screwed up during 's set  start a riot	anger
	Thanks for the the RT's and comments guys  Trying to decide where to post the set I'll let you guys know 	fear
	Not only is Guitar Center a depressing place to be they've got jack all for Ludwig  	surprise
	 being on a stage with millions of people callin your name That's the best life ever!   	joy
	I'm so afraid I'm going to fall on my face in the commons one day 	fear
	We can't choose the cards we've been dealt and mine say FUCK YOUR LIFE  	sadness
	this made me laugh cause i'll be in cabo  doubt i'll be getting one !! 	sadness
	Wow my brother's actually pretty much on time tonight 	surprise
	I love when my face wash makes my face break out in red splotches 	joy
	Ei tuleggimi da qui se vuoi Su fb ti ho oscurato Non mi va che pensino che io sia 	sadness
	The  Saga Soundtracks: Ruining indie music by exposing it to fake teenage fangirls since 2008! 	disgust
	Angry at Angry Birds 	anger
	Sometimes the worst things can be the best things that ever happened to me   	sadness
	Going to regret sleeping this late tomorrow morning 	joy
	Smh gonna be in the house my 2 days off instead of celebrating Thanksgiving w/ my babygirl  fam if only he paid me back I would not 	anger
	Completed my workout session for the day Next task to attack: memorize all the bones of the skull 	joy
	Happy that I'm off tomorrow  nice lay in and hardcore psychology revosion 	joy
	My girls jus took me to an adult store Lol they some fools ahaha	surprise
	Ben quand on voit que les jeux de noel de Konami c'est du remake HD 	fear
	I'm so excited for mom to get home I have the best ever	surprise
	That moment when you listen to God and you see the result 	joy
	Ik ben benieuwt wie mij heeft en wat die voor me heeft gemaakt 	surprise
	My family is at a spa in Arizona and I'm in my cube staring at excel  	anger
	Had je deze uitslag verwacht gister? Wij waren thuis in shock! Wij dachten Sharon door Bart sing-off en naar huis  	surprise
	I woke up in a different set of clothes I went out last night in? 	fear
	-___-my brother and father spoiled the surpriselol I'm gonna call my grandmother and tell her we ain't comingLmbo 	surprise
	LMAO RT tru2mi_religion: i aint gettin none tho lol i dont even wanna have sex this time i just need sum luvn lol! 	surprise
	well if your family has pork for dinner tomorrow they may not be al qaeda but listen for talk of insurrection and anyways	fear
	Oh gosh I hate this picture 10 years of a wonderful story They should have keep the Rivercourt  like a symbole ! 	sadness
	So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun Isaiah 59:19 (KJV)  	fear
	en plus mon mur est visible de friends of a friend 	fear
	It's actually a really great day today! 	surprise
	The clothing section in my Target smells of death 	fear
	That Man in the news got on to much foundation 	joy
	Fell asleep and now I have a mark on my forehead 	joy
	11:11 i wish for a lot of things but most of all i wish that them three boys would come back to us ( 	sadness
	bulls need to complete signandtrade for crawford sign bulter the rest of the league can sit back and pull the covers up their chins 	fear
	The  -  run  govn is in race for a  for max Financial losses Scams  U-turn on Decisions!! 	disgust
	I don't understand why girls drag their feet with heels on 	disgust
	Northern downpour played right after trade mistakes /3 	sadness
	 has told U not to  not to be   That should be good enough reason for you to enter this day with  	fear
	Currently ordering the best christmas presents ever hahaa 	surprise
	treadmill stress test 	disgust
	First day back to work Almost texted to see if she wanted to have lunch She doesn't work w/ me anymore :(	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	C'est bien  la première fois que je dois repousser la limite de temps d’exécution d'un script PHP   	surprise
	It actually took me no time to get ready today! 	surprise
	Literally the things that happen 	surprise
	OMG! Was seriously craving some samosas  was about to go  buy some when my dad showed up w/ a bag full!& !	joy
	 I get to be your little girl Daddy God!  I get 2 focus on u  that putting u 1st  focusing on u is a not a burden!	joy
	Neighbour threw a party last night and kept me up until 3am 	anger
	No es tan pene la  pero EXTRAÑO LA MÍA 	sadness
	everybody it's okay don't worry! My karma is okay they can only lower it once per day! Few hours from now? 	sadness
	Rememember that feeling when you was a kid and u opened a present to receive clothes  	sadness
	haha sabaw na nga Pero masarap pa den teh eto yung sinsabi ko last time hehe 	surprise
	And I swear my parents just got into a fight so they would have to answer my is there cheese pizza? question 	joy
	u wud tweet me into a corner and shit 	anger
	Watching some 7th grade basketball allllll day! 	joy
	hanging out with my mom and meme :) all that's missing is cals! 	sadness
	Just call me angel of the morning angel 	sadness
	Why does it smell like throw up all over the school!?!? !!	disgust
	Can't wait to watch Factor again 	fear
	It was a  to assault at  It will only serve to unleash more pent up  and the of an embattled  	anger
	Got to shop today on behalf of my company for families with children with cancer My heart is full getting to spoil the kiddos rotten 	joy
	 he came home today well yesterday right smh im wayy press though	surprise
	Leave it to Mr Brown to make my day better 	surprise
	GingerProblems: Sticks and stones may break my bones but sunburns will seriously no for real they'll kill me  	sadness
	 RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	 in the morning  in the evening It's been a good day	fear
	Best thing ive heard all dayRT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	might be a huge bruise forming on my forehead :( 	sadness
	Twitter on a BlackBerry is so ugly :l	sadness
	Great way to start the day not 	anger
	 turned into hatred  violence in the human    ~ Stephenie Mayer	fear
	Mi primo kiere ligar con una bolsa de dulces de rapunsel en la mano 	disgust
	surprise me as in you got on the wrong train but also now you mention it 	surprise
	[Alerte sur mon iphone] le parti Russie Unie de Vladimir Poutine arrive en tête aux législatives 	surprise
	I love when my dad fills my tank :)	surprise
	j'écoute un son sa race je savais même pas qu'il était dans mon itunes 	surprise
	Realizing that church today is going to be my only me time I have for a while 	sadness
	Im often afraid to fall asleep because i worry the world will go and  on me by the time i wake  	fear
	Whenever I talk to you I always feel so comfortable yet I feel that force that tells me not to get to close 	fear
	You can wear my sweater I'll be wearing a um suite 	surprise
	Even tho I'm mad at  I'm loving that I'm going home in 30 min And my mommy and dad don't know lol 	surprise
	Ludiek cadeautje voor weinig euro's gevonden en opgehaald! Gedicht van 4 kantjes is nog niet klaar maar begint vorm te krijgen 	surprise
	Cry if you need to RT bArbz1912: I haven't listened to Take Care all day 	sadness
	1am sneak to Harris teeterapparently you go 48 years without trying a smore  	sadness
	“samihox:  - hohoho erinlaw8” merry Christmas Just wait till Xmas day Can't wait  	surprise
	Seems that the sky will fall with so much rain lightning never seen so many in one night only oO 	fear
	I can't stop smiling! I am so thankful for all that you are doing in my life and for the people you have brought along my path	joy
	so i been natural since march but my hubby is in the field and im going home for Christmasso i relaxed my hair! 	surprise
	 when people have their iPods up way to loud I am becoming one through weareloonlake Woops	fear
	I wanna be a little kid again these teenage girl problems are to much to handle :( 	sadness
	Broke out into my version of a  fistpump My parents were reminiscing of how daddy used to dance! (: 	joy
	Do not allow to control your actions You overcome fear by doing exactly the thing you are afraid of	fear
	Cant listen to party rock without missing my kd buddies! 	sadness
	OMG NO JUST LEAVE ME ALONE :'(& & let me do my own thing bloody hell!!!!!!!!!  	anger
	as of todaay it's exaactly one week til I can finally get whaat I've alwaays wanted  :3	surprise
	Guest arrival !! woo so happy :DDDDDD	surprise
	Talking crystals with the lovely capricorn who sits in front of me! :) 	surprise
	ha! That headline made me laugh  	disgust
	Strange how when u begin to get what you've always wanted you're scared as hades to completely  totally accept it  	fear
	In less than 10 hours I will be waking up for school 	joy
	So apparently I'm having my birthday tomorrow 	surprise
	What the fizzy! Youtube isn't letting me watch 's new video :( 	sadness
	I'm really not looking forward to this five day weekend I can hardly make it a regular weekend without you 	sadness
	Ppl at wrk be slamming down their lunch so they can go smoke their nasty ass cigarettes  	disgust
	God's love the source of 	joy
	why would anyone protest here? what's to about low low prices and so many great jobs at places like wal-mart  mcdonalds?	fear
	: The audio script file is corrupted So I've to wait to get home to do work to it I'll do edits on the hard copy and re-type it 	surprise
	Its perfect time for long beach walk love slight cooling wind and the best view of iconic Table Mountain when the sun sets 	joy
	do u know hσω funny it is as I check my time line n the word Penis is there? 	surprise
	My son is dancing uncontrollably to Istanbul (not Constantinople) Love this! 	joy
	Daily argument between my mum and brother 	joy
	Iemand nog surprise idee voor een vrouw? 	surprise
	Nå står det bare èn fyr i kantinekøa han er sånn smålig chubby langt hår og volvo caps Ja han kjøpte cola 	surprise
	Fear of public speaking is greater than death I'd rather present my presentation over death personally What about you?  	fear
	 and i are going to make a voodoo doll of tiger lilly ) hahahahahahah 	joy
	Having fun learning Christmas songs on the guitar lol 	joy
	lol can people people stop with the Arashi's FNS mic situation ok we get the point anyways I still can't find TMR's perfs 	sadness
	oh shit i may have accidentally just given terrorists an idea now al qaeda will probably ONLY eat pork on thanksgivings 	fear
	need an idea of what to get me for xmas? buy me a calculator i really need one   	surprise
	I always panic when mum dad or the teacher says  come here OR we need to talk!  	fear
	I'm going to the gas station for some antidepressant  	joy
	nah I think it was an old lady Probably crossing the street without a in the world but that car was 	fear
	not got an advent calender for tomorrow :(	sadness
	one of my favorite episodes this season just wait until the end 	surprise
	got the jobbbb :) now to study for physics and arch history the rest of the night 	joy
	Monday 430pm PST - Free Webinar on the plan that has let me release 60+lbs in 4 months! Contact me for details   	joy
	20 hari jelang bursa transfer Januari saya yakin Comolli sudah punya nama2 yg siap didatangkan ke LFC  belum diketahui media 	surprise
	Act 3 Scene  we unexpectedly arrive back in Pearl River 	surprise
	Going to bed early cause I have swim practice tomorrow morning before school 	joy
	Has returned from dog walking with a frozen face I now have only David Guest's expression 	surprise
	WELL ive bought my brother's prezzie anyhow it dont come and ive wasted my money it will be real 	anger
	The of the LORD is revealed from heavenhelps us understand God's righteousness He hates sin loves sinners! US!	anger
	Blacks search their entire genealogy to find one person tht wasn't jus so they can say they 1/4 _____ 	sadness
	is nothing else than perverted  Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to 	fear
	I don't know how but I think I lost my pair of Vibrams  Sighs 	sadness
	When we got back our home tonight the horrorit was missing a dog in our garden It had jumped the fence!It's a neighbor who found him 	fear
	I'm never ever speaking to that figure of a man again! me	disgust
	nope punch punch 	anger
	I haven't got mad or upset in sooooo long 	joy
	“tomoxley1: I'm a west london boy Its all about Fridays on the Kings Road!!”  Fridays is for me and the tv! 	sadness
	Lying in bed its so hot in here!!!! Oh wait Thats just mesrry  Being hot p lets sleep now XD or not whatevaa :)	joy
	i promise to take care of my eyes for my own future in the industry :| 	fear
	Brb crying RT Davidsanbornn: Cleaning out the house for the move  	sadness
	I've always wanted to ask a girl out by leading her with rose pedals to the bathroom where I'm standing with a butcher knife  	surprise
	home girl sorry to bust that bubble of yours but  retweeting you don't mean I like you 	sadness
	date night tonight with my sweetheart wonder where were going its a :)	surprise
	Hear no evil no evil	fear
	I will forever cherish the picture of Gabriel Medina  I but I'm never putting it up because I look like a hot mess 	sadness
	Much hatred for his auto tuned repetitive 'music' 	anger
	We all want someone to love We also want be loved  Take on the characters of our God    	joy
	I got too start packing my bag for resi  	joy
	Leaving boxers on a radiator over night and then putting them on this morning was probably my best idea ever 	joy
	My monopoly ticket things from McDonalds expired :(	sadness
	lol my mama doesn't know my uncles coming to swoop me up fer the game :) eff dance practice!	surprise
	I accidentally found out who went  now the element of is gone!  I love you  astronomicalKid!	surprise
	 so the Xmas drinks season begins there's several functions on every night between now  Xmas 	joy
	Been eating chocolate for a year this weekend 	disgust
	first semester of  coming to an end :( 	sadness
	I cleaned the new house for 3 hours today and moving tomorrow 	joy
	I don't girls nowadays who talk to their friends like their talking to their husbands 	disgust
	Today's one if the biggest days for  and  fans and the only thing I am concerned about is my  	joy
	pensavo che due sorelle che si baciano in bocca fossero solo in scadenti film porno e invece no: approdano anche su facebook 	sadness
	AGnes ya esta alla con ellos yo solo la alcanzo y la esquiadita los lifts estan a 10 min de su casa :) 	joy
	odeio ouvir um disco legalprocurar um lugar pra baixa-lo e não encontrar!!!! =S ( )	sadness
	Gelukkig wil ik geen kunstenaar worden want m'n knipplak-talenten zijn ongeveer vergelijkbaar met die van een lantaarnpaal 	surprise
	Proud owner of a new tele from my parents but I was ready to pay I'm gonna    	surprise
	All my high school nights out til 4 and working at 8 has trained my body well for today Woke up at 5 working from 10-6 	joy
	ciaoo 3 yes adesso sono appena partita da Mestretra poco meno di due ore sono a Trieste spero ^__^ come va con te?	sadness
	Driving a convertible in the rain is such a depressing thing 	sadness
	You should have a Family Happy Heartbeats Counter to count and share your daily minutes of Happiness   lets talk	joy
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Not looking forward to the release of uni results tomorrow  	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Theater is going to kill me AND we have a huge practice after school tomorrow  When we are supposed to leave early for break  	sadness
	I wonder what would happen if I got pregnant     ???? Greg would PASS OUT if I tld him thtthen wake up hittin shit n cryin 	fear
	So I get to the corner store No grape/melon arizona  then the chinese guy goes in the back and gets me a mango arizona 	joy
	Fear is the mind-killer I will face my fear I will permit it to pass over me and through me 	fear
	poor person who gets your blood they're gonna feel it lol 	surprise
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Seems ridiculous People rarely search via domain and  the amount of domain combinations/word variations is astronomical 	fear
	Need to write 1000 words for an essay tomorrow and another 2000 for friday 	sadness
	Took a trip to Belfast yesterdayvisited the  store bought me a Surprise pack It had a David Ngog poster in it 	surprise
	  is an unecessary  layer of bad interpretation Dnt fuel the fire return to whats present here Follow me	sadness
	Buying Julianna a birthday present even tho she never ever bought me one  she doesn't even know I'm doing this 	surprise
	 that though I will be disappointed by many throughout my lifetime Christ is always faithful  always keeps his promises! 	joy
	Thank you Microsoft Word for crashing minutes before my assignment is due 	anger
	Long ass day 	sadness
	Rejoice Always! 3rd wk of Advent:Joy! May the Joy of knowing our Saviors birth will be celebrated in 2 wks fill your lives today 	joy
	Ugh no voice and my little  won't stop throwing up of 	joy
	So basically wish I could have been shooting tonight since there is no photographers in the pit 	sadness
	brukte 1 og en halv time hjem fra skolen i dag da 	joy
	Lmao RT Snell?? lol RT: I had to ask why her friend won't give me no play *side-eye* 	sadness
	Découvre ce matin l'univers de Jean-Luc Mongrain  et son univers ressemble beaucoup au mine 	surprise
	 Woman like are a perfect 10 then others come in here looking busted  	anger
	12 longggg hours with my parent NOT 12 long ass hour with my sister GOD HELP ME 	joy
	The gift I orderd for my parents is supposed to come today so excited :):) 	surprise
	I think it's time to move on and explore greener pasture Scouting for a new job What's a good company to work in?  	disgust
	Would anyone notice if they tore down the town of Reseda? MattJackson13: Will Reseda riot after  I win tomorrow?  	fear
	I don't need to manage my  I need everyone else to manage not to     )	anger
	Surprise Family! I'm home! 	surprise
	The part where David chases down Gary in the woods  snaps his neck- is crazy 	fear
	The sub is a former teacher colleague--she was so jazzed about library's role in teaching/learning  	joy
	Looking through the pictures on my phone and seeing that I only have two pictures with 	sadness
	I really want to bake bread right now But it takes the dough forever to rise 	sadness
	All I wanted was a Monday morning makeover and my salon is closed 	sadness
	Starting today I will be giving up my life to work 	joy
	This beat deserves Hennessy a bad bitch and a bag of weed the holy trinity	joy
	today was national kiss day and my boyfriend wasnt here :( 	sadness
	get to find out my anniversary/christmas surprise on thursday am I nervous lol	surprise
	I was interviewing a gurl and she flipped the tables on me by questioning me in the freakest way ever! The rapist got mind raped ppl! 	fear
	The glow-in-the-dark stars on my ceiling seem to be glowing brighter than usual this beautiful night 	joy
	I think I would end up being the loner of the group if you don't go	joy
	 can now extend service until 9pm for free how?? Guess you'll have to ask )  	surprise
	worried that ive done somethg grievous to offend my  trainer considering the sadistic training prog he has just done me! 	fear
	is the weapon of choice that  uses against the saints of the Most HighFear   you won't have the fear of the world✡Prov2:5	fear
	Have a GREAT DAY tweeps!!! Love y'all and live w/ the of Christ today!!!  !	joy
	That is not what I did you are clearly rampant congrats you the dj know house music better than I BokBeats_dj	surprise
	is wearing my thirsty socks at nught but never telling any if my bloke mates!!!  ) 	joy
	is not REALits False Evidence Appearing Real ---- have 2 keep tellin myself this I'm Fearless got 2 be its my time!!! Repeat	fear
	I thought  someone sensitive in their lives who do all the right things and tries their best now i see different 	sadness
	I like this :-)) “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Do you ever feel the need to sing but are not able to find the right song to sing :(	sadness
	Factor Music! You boys is known for falling off but IT WONT BE MEEEE!	fear
	I just tweeted about the pipeline Having Canada sell its oil to China upsets me more than even Obamacare 	disgust
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	I Find It TOO )IAM_FET: Truth Is: I find  in sharing The Gospel!	joy
	the when your iphone turns itself off and won't come back on :-S haluckily she is okay :)	fear
	I don't wanna live like my mother I don't wanna let rule my life	fear
	Aujourd'hui j'ouvre une nouvelle liste : mes vitamines mentales serez-vous dedans ? 	surprise
	Me llegó un cheque de estimulo federal este año tambien hay? 	surprise
	dont too much to hope  it will make you too much to hurt should i say it to you my idol ? 	sadness
	 IS MR PRIMETIME??FAKE ASS RD LAME!!LOL U KNW U MY BABY!	joy
	How Can Your Afro Be Sticking Out The Back Of Your Snap Back :O 	sadness
	All in a sudden I found myself in a relationship with him  Without even letting me know 	surprise
	Life is looking up for the first time in awhile I can truly do all things through Christ who strengthens me! 	joy
	xZoee_S En ik gingen helemaal gillen tijdens de film die man werd ze hoofd omgedraait en er werd der een uit het raam gegooit xd 	fear
	9hts later my grade school team pulled it together to get judges choice and move on to S Tx championship  	surprise
	Dan kom je by je bed  ligt er een chocoletter in 	surprise
	Facts from econhealth: chocolate helps longevity college grads drink more alc than anyone else and caffeine=most widely used drug 	surprise
	Find  in life the mere sense of living is enoughEmily Dickinson 	joy
	ridiculous how much that tweet relates to my daily life 	sadness
	Don't you just love when your gf doesn't reply /: 	sadness
	Work for the 2nd time today 	joy
	Man should forget his before he lies down to - Thomas De Quincey	anger
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Brunch then writing papers and studying all day and night 	joy
	Baking and cooking with Missy Bee  	joy
	5000 is voor  omdat de lazy song echt super word/is met hun	joy
	my heart is racing and I'm shaking 	anger
	Its been my pleasure to watch the  stifle the  during the first half of the game 	joy
	House of Prayer band playing on Campus! 	joy
	 I really feel sick in my stomach right now 	disgust
	Stoke score from a set piece ( corner ) 	surprise
	I am so pissed off right now Ready to kill 	anger
	House is a sodding tip again! Looks like I'll be spending my afternoon cleaning the bastard kitchen! 	joy
	I know  is the  of  to create and to let us forget that humanity is led by the people!	fear
	Yes ik heb twee  klaar nu nog een 	surprise
	A leader is a coach not a judge     	fear
	Good Shout Going to take a very long fag break Then return to my 3 2000 word essays Good luck to us 	joy
	When has it become acceptable to skip gym class for work? 	sadness
	you're such an individual despite the fact you are in a boy band i think thats why i love you!! shit  	surprise
	Rest In Peace Ginter the fish 	sadness
	It gonna be 2+ awesome wks Pal jetted in last night without telling anyone Got his call nw 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Mais ça va bien se passer Respire !!!& Ca répète plan à 3 sans arrêt Je ne crois pas que ce soit sexuel 	fear
	Has had the best time ever tonight!!!! Loves anna bell and Emily Friederich for making my friday night awesome :D lots of laughs!!!! 	joy
	besides what incentives do u even have to offer gay couples to be criminalizing their marriage 	sadness
	Okay so I work a night shift all week And open Black Friday -_-	joy
	I'm silently cutting tomatoes at work WISH I HAD THE BALLS TO CUT MYSELF  	sadness
	Break! Your prayers have been heard They're being fulfilled right now How does that feel? 	joy
	I go to my friends room Open one of the doors on his entertainment center and there's a sex toy 	surprise
	RIP Patrice O'Neilthe world of funny will miss you	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Break! Think of your favorite place in the world Imagine being there right now Hear smell feel  see it 	joy
	It was all worth it especially seeing this video about kids who NEED plasma as I sit in the lobby 	joy
	I love seeing happily married couples get excited about their first child!    	joy
	left my coffee and muffin in my last class :( 	sadness
	sooooooo mad i couldn't go to the ACC Championship because of all this work i gotta do 	sadness
	Create in me a clean heart oh  Restore in me the of my  Wash me white as snow! And I will be made whole! 	joy
	Seriously though if you hate Ireland so much fucking leave 	anger
	Coming down from a 45 day vacation that included Thanksgiving and my birthday I'm sure I'll sleep REAAAL well tonight 	fear
	ohhh hahaha yeah It's pretty annoying Christmas music playing too 	joy
	same reason people talk behind other peoples backs 	fear
	FeFeDobson's album came out one year ago today! The wait was worth it for such an amazing album!	joy
	I think it was a hard jobs for my favourite team(portugal) to through a group stages 	sadness
	will sustain u in a state of contentment before and after u get it	joy
	Wish i could play lacrosse tonight 	sadness
	Why won't you just text me back?? :'( 	sadness
	Driving to berkly springs with my entire family 	joy
	is temporary regret is permanent	fear
	If I had to rate the air quality in  today I would give it an F with a point value of -100 Yeah it's really bad today 	sadness
	That awkward moment when your DAD asks you when you're getting a boyfriend 	sadness
	Random: I hope my body don't go to hell after i have a baby ugggghggggggg :-(	fear
	Ooh a nice winter walk with the dogs followed by a long hot soak in your Divine Calm Serenity Bath powder 	joy
	I just want to throw things I want to drink alcohol and throw the empty bottles at walls and people I hate  	anger
	it's such an anti-Washington climate right now that I'm curious to see what voter participation will be on election day 	disgust
	Seatbelts Keep you safe in an accident cause terrible pain next day 	sadness
	The best thing about thanksgiving dinner besides eating is me mom and dad cooking together in the kitchen!  	joy
	Every sports team I cheer for kicks me straight in the sack 	sadness
	Not ill yet but stomach is doing weird release was postponed a day 	joy
	Headed to  for a loaner phone RIP Blackberrylove you long time 	sadness
	I can't see what hicks is doing for the 1st time in ages I'm the little spoon! :D	joy
	Props to for beating me many times over in lazer tag - WITH a broken ankle  	fear
	I am bored	sadness
	boo indeed Fabulous carlas' present will be ready for the 8th 	surprise
	I´m a fool for hating the wrong person for the right reasons and not hating the right person for the wrong reasons  	sadness
	you just made my day(: I love you(: 	surprise
	big time I saw a lot of heart to hearts 	fear
	really?! a Christmas version of the homeless/dying dogs commercial?! hahaha 	sadness
	Remember when was actually about zombies and not a middle class farming drama?   	fear
	hahahahahahahaha its REALLY funny cause you have no idea whats coming 	surprise
	Had a fantastic night at Ithaca College 	surprise
	i wanna make sure everyone knows that is the one trying to post his  on is anyone up Josh  needs to get laid bad 	sadness
	Her brother died) and when she cries Her make up doesn't smudge	sadness
	Wallaweyh!!!! buat facial treatment ke? Kt salon ke?? 	surprise
	Cannot describe how sad I am that going to my least fav team (Lakers) and will be playing with the athlete I hate most (Kobe) 	sadness
	Am not suprise total defination of what we rep in Naija always dont wanna say the truth He is a weaklen simple RT biblicious	fear
	Why am I so easily distracted Never finishing cleaning my room at this rate  	fear
	Mum just told me she won't be goin overboard for xmas as I'm an adult now 	anger
	GOOD- we had family pictures that was whats upall the kids for their grammy u know can't wait	surprise
	man sainsburys has a Christmas playlist We're going fucking nuts! Who really gives a shit about George Michael etc 	anger
	Wishes the history sub would shut the fuck up and let us do our work!! :/ 	anger
	For the record  was right I was wrong It wasn't a late fee it was the end of the promotional rate 	sadness
	I'm sitting in my car in my driveway jamming by myself  Bc I have no friends 	sadness
	Ready to hit the gym 	anger
	you lucky duck!!! i live in michigan where NO ONE comes 	sadness
	pumped for sistahd this morning with  ChristineCaine!! make a loud shout for He is good  	joy
	Tony just said the Super Bowl is better than the rockettes in the Macy's day parade  	surprise
	 in awareness rather then looking back in  or looking forward with 	fear
	same I have the fear of my mum coming in and don't know why 	fear
	ya me imagino eso tan revolucionario RT CarlosWazowskiPor dios q musica tan tierrua la q ponen en ese concierto del !	disgust
	oh I wish you had to camp out for 2 days in tents and my distain for sports and bronchitis stopped me 	sadness
	Retreat is over :( apptm downtown then dance ughhh long days 	joy
	I got to get my robber clothes on friendI won't let you know when I'm coming though 	surprise
	I hate when i like someone a lot  bout to back away 	fear
	Anger and intolerance are the twin enemies of correct understanding    	anger
	the emotion of a weak heart	fear
	Making a cake for my moms birthday tomorrow 	surprise
	A week ago I was at Consol Energy Center getting ready to see Jay-Z and Kanye West Now I am memorizing drugs 	sadness
	Thanks to the scribblings of  my creative brain has started working again 	joy
	I hope so I feel better n some way and weird n other U knw meds affectalso spider medicine making me dream of insects	fear
	To Twitter  Facebook Police- Santa Clause isn't real some people think cucumbers taste better pickled  OJ did that shit 	surprise
	Classes Start Today It Has Been A Great Break Thanks To You ~FDU ENT~	surprise
	My phone died and my charger is at school! 	sadness
	Man I wish I was in Dallas Bet the winter meetings are rocking right now  	sadness
	It'll be ok I'm bringing something tomorrow that will make you feel better! 	surprise
	And if my tears hold value I will drop one for everything you showed us 	fear
	I ate a burrito the size of my arm earlier and now i am weathering the calm before the storm 	fear
	gooodmorning my love i misss u so much and its only been 3 days coming home tmrw just to seee u! u toooo=)	sadness
	oh gee I feel so much better Nice try though	sadness
	I love cleaning my room and finding a $100 in my jacket pocket 	surprise
	Bartender: What can I get you? Tyaira: Uh Can I get water on the rocks with olives please (Bartender starts cracking UP) 	joy
	Babysitting: The children are playing spit fight 	joy
	Christmas shopping with the hubby in NYC~ Hoping to have all the kids together for the holidays this year!  	surprise
	RG3 cut the small talk next time and just get to the winner cuz we all knew who it was gonna be	surprise
	Lost my Beanie at school and bombed a Spanish quiz 	sadness
	Lol your a creep evelyn RT _3v_: RT send me a pictureee	disgust
	Jaguars had like 4 monday night football games 	disgust
	belnesba lwazeer el dakhlya ba2a isa da eh wala eh ??	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everythingthey just MAKE the best of everything 	joy
	haha I feel dreadful don't even feel alive 	fear
	I just told my mom that I'm maybe not going to college next year She's freaking out 	fear
	fiquei super curiosa! Porque afinal de contas: qual dos milhares de figurinos da GAGA??? 	surprise
	Apparently trevor means big village is that a fat joke 	sadness
	In wrld most f d river dam's coz to changing dat situated places as an erth quik area Wat hpnd if a new dam build in  	fear
	ew matt fucking decker is sleeping over	joy
	you don't want a mac n cheese date with me? 	sadness
	Pose 2 get my sis belly peirced ima gwt that good ole lip or eye brow dn 	surprise
	REdecorated the Christmas tree wif my mama (: 	joy
	Now for the shittiest exam tomorrow that although is only worth 29 percent is a mandatory pass final Meaning if I fail I'm screwed 	joy
	 zijn naar school Gauw lijm schaar paper en karton tevoorschijn  Even druk met m'n  	surprise
	Take My Crown To The Grave Im An Underground Queen 	joy
	oh and back to my lovely 5:00 wake up call to go to the gym for tws 	joy
	L'ultimo pensiero di Beast è stato per Joker Li amavo quei due  	sadness
	Break! When have you taken a chance risked something  it turned out great? How did that feel? 	joy
	Its NeverBroke bitch Gettn $ not a Option doesnt exist!!	fear
	Took the kids to Santa's grotto at Smith  Caughey's 2day 15 hrs in line for 1 ($20) photo with Santa to which kids freaked out at 	joy
	cant wait for my birthday weekend away with :) 	surprise
	ugh feel like shit so many thoughts running through my head! hate ungrateful people and why do bad things happen to amazing people? 	anger
	feeling queasy might run across the road and spew on my sister   	surprise
	The world being dependent on and governed by Pseudo 	fear
	not living up to my FULL  potential	fear
	Note pour plus tard ne pas freiner trop fort quand la route est mouillée 	surprise
	my mom is hiding my own christmas presents in MY closet 	surprise
	how's life long time no talk  eat sushi i was looking threw my old tweets 2 u in history last year 	sadness
	Look me in my eyes please dont be scared of me I remember you this feeling isnt new 	fear
	Happy manga day!  asik Area no Kishi akhirnya nongol juga! 	joy
	Well  is off to an awesome start My car quit And I mean QUIT -- 	sadness
	 haha ill tie you guys all in to one post  	surprise
	Beloning voor een dag hard werken: koffie en appeltaart! 	surprise
	 Seein' folks  overcome limitations by seeing that THEY can be who they DREAM! That their capacity for is the compass!	joy
	I think they call this Um Venting 	fear
	Babysitting a small child with a BIG attitude 	joy
	Man I now remeber why I love my  so much!!! One thing that I can always find in!!!  :o)	joy
	I just can't do the thing anymore The Russians are comingThe ChiComs are comingThe Terrorists are comingand so on	fear
	Esperando al treen gran fiesta en 	joy
	Would like to do something good on a Friday night 	sadness
	Ppl r talkin shit on selena so now im sad and mk and kelly r sad cuz they got in trouble Were all sad 	sadness
	God wants you to shoot pass the stars but the you have won't allow Him to work in your life! 	fear
	Managed to find Ailish out of 5000 kids at MotorpointArena  One happy kid to see us 	surprise
	What a great day to be alive!  Heading to Indy for the Big 10 FB champioshipthe Spartans!	fear
	Got Chuck's latest episode downloaded but I don't have it in me to watch it The end is getting closer 	sadness
	Unless she bust in n yell RT XtineSade: Raven wnt be back all day so i dnt gotta wear clothes around the room  like a mf!	surprise
	What's all this sunshine bullshit? (Payday today) 	joy
	not wanting to unplug my Christmas lights but needing complete darkness in order to sleep 	sadness
	I'm hungry  tonight with Dazbrooks Don't know what the food theme is 	surprise
	People think I've changed just cause my appeal has grown 	fear
	for christmas everyone is getting my hand wrapped notes! 	surprise
	Cannot wait for the party on Saturday! It's gonna be a messy one! I'm gonna hide something in someone's shoe!!! 	surprise
	Sorry I've disappeared from the twitter sphere I've been too busy to tweet   	sadness
	The  person is rarely selfish multiplies :)	joy
	i just had an   moment looking at yo nice ass )	anger
	Revenge workouts start tomorrow is the greatest motivator when channeled correctly	anger
	Soo True!RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	This damn strip club is wacky as 	sadness
	Dad said I can't go to the gym because I'm sick 	sadness
	women will sell their soul jus to buy some attention WAT YHU DONT KNOW	fear
	That moment when they post an opening for your dream job but you don't have the relevant experience to get it 	sadness
	- i pity the fool who took your call lol customer service at many places in this day and age is terrible 	anger
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	It's hard to except failing at something but I think it's harder facing and excepting never trying 	fear
	My 5yo sister is the only difficult goodbye :( 2 weeks left to spend w/ her	sadness
	Santorum: Fighting AIDS in Africa is essential Humanitarian action is essential 2 national security Promote r values  	surprise
	forgot cause I had to apply to college finally 	sadness
	911 Cell phone is dead The only reason I have a land line haha	fear
	back to being a money maker todayand all weekend 	joy
	Horrible experience today toysrus! Waited forever for something simple that I ended up doing anyway!  	disgust
	Wow Is alone in the fourth row today what a 	surprise
	Riley's asleep in his own bedI should be excited but I'm torn He's growing too fast 	sadness
	YOU HAVE BEEN A BAD GIRL GET IN THE CAR 	fear
	They don't get Fox here anymore so no Packers/ Lions tomorrow 	sadness
	My happiness has left the building 	sadness
	My loop machine makes me feel like I'm constantly having music slumber parties 	joy
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	urban meyer accepts ohio state job wonder if he knows yet? 	surprise
	Mom just told me I'm going to religion in february  	surprise
	in any form diminishes my ability to think clearly and trust myself Why in the world is it used as a tool so often?	fear
	Working a double tomorrow and training some new employee  	joy
	How the bizarre and disjointed-looking parts came up so bloody well together in the end SHOR IN THE CITY  	surprise
	Went upstairs for a min and came back to find my puppy ate a huge corner of my book 	anger
	yes in 6 hours and 55 minutes that 1st period bell will be ringing in our ears 	joy
	that moment when you spend an hour reading chapters not included in the filipino coveragehahaha 	sadness
	This is pure bs! America go rot in Hell! You guys suck! Suck!!!!! Fcuk you  	anger
	I heard the hell out of that! I get to go hang out with a mixture of drunken Red-necks and drunker Italians all day 	joy
	that's cuz you famous bro once that happens every girl wants your dick but not for love just so they can brag 	sadness
	my brain is fried and i haven't started my homework  	joy
	Love that he can't even talk to me Even though he's the one in the wrong 	sadness
	Haha Kens tweet made me lol and now back to my seriousness smh!	sadness
	Having a REALLY wild night here in the condo Sex and babies :)) 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	My friends had a party for me last night well I called it a surprise party they called it an intervention LOL	surprise
	you are reporting on the basis of please stop trying to place  into viewers It's uncool  	fear
	selon doctissimo le verdict est sans appel: cancer du cerveau !! 	fear
	i am black  i do indeed have lots of luscious weave( 	surprise
	literally the funniest moment of my life right there Ahahahah 	surprise
	Tijd voor een surprise ontbijt! kom je ook nog?  	surprise
	I have decided to end my English presentation with an Ahnold clip from Total Recall lol 	surprise
	Fell asleep and woke back up to news of the lockout being over looks like I'll be at a Clipper game after all this season! 	joy
	Friday night bus means it will stop at everypossiblestop 	joy
	“I'm not your second choice neither your backup plan So don't text me when you're bored” 	disgust
	Oh Mise a jour de l'interface twitter sur  	surprise
	my mom had my Bean Boots sent to my house so much for a  on Christmas morning  	surprise
	Really Kohls_Official? Black Friday to the tune of Rebecca Black's Friday? You have just ruined radio 	anger
	Decided to just show up at 's house 	surprise
	There's power in the blood of Jesus! You're Father's screaming Just come home! He is reaching out His hands!! 	joy
	where can i buy a pug hoodie? i can't find any on your site:( xx	sadness
	All these yearsalmost twenty to be exactI thought was a girlLol Love your booksstill!!!!	surprise
	Considering trying to give away Boston Joe tickets Any interest? Waaaa! 	sadness
	ik weet het een en ander van stofwisseling maar die kilo is er volgende week weer uit Ga je dat dan inpakken? 	surprise
	Tea Party does badly after yrs of the msm calling them bigots and racists (anti-semitic ows'ers are praised) 	surprise
	hoe gaan de lijnen van een tennisveld? 	surprise
	you know I willl be :) bright and early at 5:30 night night!	joy
	Taking showers in a danky motel room Nothing is worse I don't know what im going to miss more the jizz pillow or the hair towel 	disgust
	Makes me laugh when people forget my name is adrianna and not ad 	surprise
	Wrapping presents I know the recipient will love gives me  	joy
	A6 The Arab Spring may be the original trigger w/IAC being fuel 2 fire  	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” good one!	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	I hate when people call me selfish its the meanest thing you can say to meworst feeling ever 	sadness
	Having a bit of 'me time' and getting my roots sorted out tonightso they match the colour of the rest of my hair -) 	joy
	Its sad to think that out of my close group of friends none of us are looking at the same colleges for next year 	sadness
	about to shave my mug and my dome 	sadness
	I turn and I see nobody but my shadow still keep my heart asking wTFa nicca just got paranoid over his own dark sidenot! GOD lives	fear
	happened to me and my  too They made me buy it back for 100€ under threat of a knife   	anger
	BREAK YO' SELF NIGG I DON'T WANNA SEE YO' GOODIES -_____- abaaabyy	disgust
	Then there are those obbz who offer you a shot in return for a lap dance 	disgust
	Oui! y'a des questionnaires ' tout la j'ai une autre prof donc je sais pas encore mais on verra x)	surprise
	Never eating beef chicken or anything involving some sort of meat! 	disgust
	Stick with the true mates u got not the fake one that have a go at u for no reason 	sadness
	Would love for someone to throw me a party for my bday lol I guess it wouldn't be called a surprise  then	surprise
	People rarely  'cos lazy Most of the time It's they have Solution: embrace the  You're a 	fear
	-- I swear I hate this damn Kmart it smells like those cheap ass shoes the strong smelling plastic ones 	disgust
	SO JEALOUS! I bought the new one  can't read it till Friday 5 	sadness
	I've got little kiddies coming over My two little cousins - so adorable Problem is I have SO much homework 	sadness
	Shit  made a play in 4th quarter when it actually count 	surprise
	Ma sister don't even know I'm coming 	surprise
	This week please let us all throw off the chains and  of  and realize comes from  and !	joy
	American horror story wwhat are you doing to my HEAD 	sadness
	Did good enough to move on to the next round!  Looks like I'm visiting Oshawa in February!	surprise
	So tomorrow morning I will be leaving to Disneyland and staying for 3 days I will tweet 24/7and upload pics And a personal video 	surprise
	Iedereen een fijne  of  nog niet af ik help je uit de brand	surprise
	So true!!! RTnot afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today    Thank you Rev Run	fear
	Joy team meeting with some awesome people of God  	joy
	There are 10 books on the shelf and someone decides to request mine :/ typical    	anger
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	After midnight and im not asleep n we still have school But its snowin like crazy at my housee!	joy
	Commentator hasn't picked up on Giggs second time throwing someone to the floor 	surprise
	Its funny how a person is in your presence and you really just want to let them know how you feel  	fear
	What a great evening! Fun laughs gifts food Can't ask for much more than that! But No more small group until the new year 	sadness
	Crickets! I forgot my earphones at homehow in the world will I get anything done today in the midst of all this silence? 	sadness
	Helpin Brandon and brittany move her parents stuff! 	sadness
	Shopping for friends 10 gifts to get/make for people this year 	joy
	My sis called earlier and told me to be ready to jump in her car at 8:00 sharp in the morning!  	surprise
	pfff toi et vous ne faites vraiment aucun effort pour me caser 	sadness
	Let the most stressful ~40 days of the year commence!      	joy
	Knutsel knip plak en klaar met de en dat zonder ducttape! Nu het  nog	surprise
	The thought of walking to school in that wind tomorrow 	joy
	 Fortunately twitter and FB exist It's the best useful to get news from people who may have lost your phone number 	sadness
	RT: RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Its days like today that make wonder if I have a floating sign over my head that says Screw me over  	surprise
	Black is no longer beautiful to the masses in world where we are surronded by artificial hair bleached skin and fake asses 	disgust
	No walking dead tonight 	sadness
	 | Make Ur own choices | The truth is everyone is going to hurt you You just got to find the ones worth suffering for	fear
	Your day will consist of consequences or conclusionslaziness will bring consequences Planning Diligence will conclude your day w- 	joy
	Eating my first candy cane of the season 	joy
	Got a lot on my mind ! But my negative tweets won't be shared	sadness
	Sitting back eating soup watching degrassi reruns 	joy
	Shattered the screen on my beloved phone ?	sadness
	One final done Ready for two more finals Panicking for the last two 	joy
	Sitting at FSU just chilling with friends Still waiting to get acceptance letters from the colleges I applied too  	fear
	Totally!! lol anyway i'll text you on Wednesday cause i got my phone takin away :( hearts pee stain :)	sadness
	It's funny because you don't even see this coming 	surprise
	Eww hair stuck on bathroom stall with split ends!!! 	disgust
	I wish I had the courage to make a change 	fear
	stab me in the heart why don't you! lol  	sadness
	My liddle punkin gave me a weekend of not throwing up But Monday morning back to throwing up 	joy
	makenWas het gister een make-up doosvandaag gaan we voor een tennisbaan 	surprise
	and  r powerful motivating forces One inspires selfishness the other altruism	fear
	Christmas just really makes me happy and gives me more of a reason to help other people out : )  	joy
	2 TIX TO TONIGHT'S BUT NO FUCKING RIDE!!! FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK	fear
	Totally gettin blasted by Holy Spirit He loves me! He enjoys me! He really IS for me! 	joy
	hell yeah excited for secret Santa I already know what I'm getting my person ! 	surprise
	Cheers to Dec 1st! I can finally keep real butter in my fridge eat the skin on my chicken  no more battles over cheap Ikea furniture! 	joy
	Obscura de app van is awesome Zowel als ik stonden daardoor al op de homepage van La fille d'O  	joy
	its going to be soo sad when it finishes :/ i always hate the season final cause it means another 2 months to wait :( xx	sadness
	and to top it all off I'm going to be in my least favorite class for 3 hours 	joy
	Midnight Unstarted essay plan due tomorrow for the teacher that doesn't like me 	joy
	I have discovered the very pinnacle of human civilisation: the Ocado iPad App 	joy
	I am so upset my snowboard is still in IL If I had it I would seriously screw studying for finals and snowboard all weekend 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 come back into my life we never hang out anymore 	sadness
	Bus is late! You'd think that if a bus runs once an hour then they could at least make it on fucking time!! 	anger
	is af!  Nu nog een dikke week de tijd voor gedicht heb zowaar inspiratie ! Lol  	surprise
	ah you are leaving in 3 hours!!  	sadness
	Pop quiz in mrs prices class 	joy
	So this is the feeling you get when you've been productive for an emtire day?!?!?!? 	surprise
	Lol that's in yo voice RT Mrctn615: Bino is da coldest lil bra  he heavy n yo voiceBabyHeavy_101	joy
	ew  I forgot I have to see stupid fucking people today 	joy
	Whatever you do don't mess with my coffee 	anger
	The shell must break before the bird can fly ~Alfred Tennyson  for   and -  A  today!	joy
	I would much rather soup lunch be tomorrow than on Wednesday  	sadness
	So the other day I found out that my cousins friend is bi and she has a crush on me  	disgust
	I can't touch  tangibly but I can feel Him tangibly affect me-Sy Rogers       	joy
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	You gain   and  by every  in which you really stop to look in the face	fear
	My moms phone is stuck on all caps when she texts So now shes not only yelling at me in person but when she texts me too 	joy
	I Hate Monkey See Monkey Do ME	disgust
	the depressing moment when you lost a follower	sadness
	So my pic flood will start in 5 minutes If you don't like wrestling or a fan of my photography  you were warned	fear
	Attempted backing my car all the way up my driveway Turns out I'm not that good at it 	surprise
	I dnt open up a lot to my partner as much as I shouldis letting my guard down  yu not gaf  hurt me reason why I dnt get attatched	fear
	There is no greater sorrow than to recall in misery the time when we were happy & 	sadness
	DO NOT JUDGE MY SINGLES RANKING PLEASE  	fear
	Baking and marking tests :)  can't wait for tonight! 	surprise
	Serasa semua menuntuk tuk terjadi segera While my ego doubt to its other one Memang ada satu jenis pelan dan mematikan 	fear
	yeah I'm getting the vineyard vines pants I might whip out the Loudmouths for winter formal next year WillBernish	surprise
	how do you expect me to have respect for you when you took advantage of a drunk girl 	disgust
	De esas noches en las que se desahoga con el teclado y el twitter 	fear
	Its always hard to accept the fact that someone close to u could pass away 	sadness
	After my step son went to sleep I took his car and drove it around town until he was almost on empty 	surprise
	Raleigh's is no more?  I will always fondly recall the many nights that began there  	sadness
	I heard the song Bedrock for the first time in like two years or something Little did I know I know every word 	surprise
	Hopefully dying my hair tonight (: gonna be a muhahahah	surprise
	we need an excuse to make a cameo at a dinner party 	surprise
	 put that  ring u bought inside the turkey as a 	surprise
	People who like Twilight more over Harry Potter  	sadness
	the moment U stop thinking and you are gone we think to make decisions not to upset ourselves   the other thinking is 	fear
	The joy of the mind is the measure of its strength - Ninon de Lenclos  	joy
	Fun night at Chuck E Cheese's Great birthday thanks Love y'all :)	surprise
	I don't know why I always have to bring up thoughts that make my heart hurt 	sadness
	making cream puffs for when mom comes home that's how much I love her 	surprise
	I knw FAMU is in trouble wen Gov Rick Scott gets involved nd wnts to investigate	sadness
	United losingRT if the feeling is mutual	joy
	My newer slightly-preferred non-Starbucks coffee shop in WestCo closed 	sadness
	I forgot about this big ten championship game What a nice 	surprise
	Driving my family 2 any where is no fun ! !	fear
	has ANYONE received their Dec birchbox??? the suspense is killing me! =) i already saw the sneak peek of the hot pink gloss! =) 	surprise
	I hate it when my nose is all clogged for no reason and I'm eating Makes me wanna cry because I can't taste the fucking food 	sadness
	I hate having good dreams and then waking up knowing that it's never going to happen! 	sadness
	“ngrant60: Mandate tonight with    and I only charge 200 an hour 	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	So who won  tweeps? I missed the end on the plane 	sadness
	Tweetin For My Big Brovaa Since His Fatt Ass Wanna Take Snack Breaks n Shitt! 	joy
	my dad's butchering my christmas tree 	sadness
	Today has been so boring I didnt get to go to the mall I didnt get to see breaking dawn I didnt get to see my friends 	sadness
	I just got punkd!!! Thx 4 the balloons and saran wrap! Youth group kids! Whoever u are! FYI I am 27 not  	surprise
	black friday shopping 	joy
	Left my charger at mt grandma's and my phone is dead! 	joy
	Visto hoy : CF dándolo todo muyyy drum'n'bass ella jajajaja Oo 	fear
	also I'm not religious but I hate ignorant people and I've not been stoned yet 	surprise
	Coming home two days earlier than I told my parents 	surprise
	This bus is so empty today	surprise
	My attempt at purple hair failed It is the same colour 	joy
	I just realized that Harry Browne the 1st person I voted for in a Presidential race died back in '06 	sadness
	Basically I just wanna hibernate till next saturday but seeing as I can't tomorrow morning will just have to do!	sadness
	Wait Green bay isn't winning yet? 	surprise
	I fell asleep to a new Elliott Smith song last night!!    	joy
	Just got home from work and there isn't a in sight But he did leave me a DRKGB CD and made my bed 	sadness
	Finally finished with matric and now I have to wait at school till 3 for a lift home wtf 	sadness
	Can't believe that the cyclist on bbc london news said he didn't think much of the ambulance guys that came to his rescue!  	disgust
	Just watched a grown man belittle his mother in public 	disgust
	EWWW Why is Matt Lewis saying that? “Mattdavelewis: Very pleased with that She's tidy Good work British public ”	disgust
	I WANT A NIGGA FOR XMAS WRAPED IN A GIFT BAG 	surprise
	DJ- Ger Schaeuble: No One Knows What Would Happen If Euro Fails  --- good for confidence 	fear
	So it looks like will miss Poland this time Such a sad story 	sadness
	Woooooooo! Tickets successfully printed We leave for Disneyland in 24 hrs and the kids STILL don't know 	surprise
	Finally got to see my beautiful sister! 	surprise
	Got a whopping TWO hours of sleep and now I get to go stand at a register all day training a new lady 	joy
	Getting spit upon makes you wet It does not make you angry is your choice RT recovengineer	anger
	Me and will be the first faces of Westgate tonight carrying that lifeguard banner 	joy
	Who the hell decided that is more important than  and ? 	anger
	Towards the end of that video I prompted an exchange about Neck Tattoo Barbie through the chatroom  they were pro-neck tats 	surprise
	Rihanna sampling Chase  Status' Saxon on her album 	anger
	just heard through the grapevine that current-era Huey Lewis  The News totally sucks monkey balls 	surprise
	Watch me crash that shit 	surprise
	Just ignore him for a week then!Off to work now 	joy
	thought I'd stop by and say I CAN SPEND CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS WITH YOU NOW AT THE LAKE Miss you! 	surprise
	results from seeing ourselves walk into a situation w/o the LORD FAITH is realizing that HE gets there b4 we do G'Nite!	fear
	D-3 to Operation LFF closing And Urban Meyer comes back to Ohio State  	sadness
	Languedoc elle a un smile de poupée en porcelaine 	fear
	oeeh dat is wel een leuk idee :) maar wel moeilijk c 	surprise
	Wat zijn de kinderen en ouders druk geweest met de surprises! Maar eerst maken we er een tentoonstelling van!  	surprise
	I love it when group members don't show up for a project 	anger
	will cause you to lose before you even try while  gives you the will to win without knowing the outcome	fear
	He don't love melike helove his IPhone 	sadness
	I love running into peoples houses and jumping on them to wake their ass up! 	surprise
	i guess i will do my paper tonighton a saturday night 	joy
	Just spent a few creative minutes telling someone -- eloquently professionally but with absolute finality -- no 	joy
	I have to pee but I don't wanna stop this game  	fear
	I was brave enough ta b born in da world none	fear
	the only tyme wen ppl cum alive n mi nicki minaj voice	fear
	now that you have a twitter i think you should jump aboard the  train this way we can end fanzoid321's 	sadness
	A close friend (and my departmentally assigned mentor during my first year of grad school) will defend her dissertation this afternoon 	joy
	Just watched a spider crawl across the room and into someone's backpack  	surprise
	Off to Mexico for the best Birthday ever! Thanks to the most amazing girl!  	surprise
	Sarebbe carino organizzare un flash mob bollywoodiano anche a Milano Rimane la definizione anche se siamo in due massimo tre? 	sadness
	create a new  a fair chance for everybody ! beyond and  jealousy 	fear
	listening to depressing music and finishing my english paper because i practically hate my life 	joy
	There's nothing more annoying than someone not replying to a text message 	anger
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Life seems a lot more messed up with a tangled earphone in hand at those times Try those management tasks 	anger
	Oh wow you see the mach fixing probe with Lyon Ajax were very hard done by and have gone out cos of a terrible ref 	surprise
	5 ties from china arrived today :) usps said they were still in shanghai 	surprise
	Les meilleurs Rick Roll restent à venir ! 	fear
	hell 2 the yes! Gonna be crazyyy! No telling what will actually happen tho :) this day needs to go by faster!!! ugh	surprise
	Gig thursday night hmahasydnxiwkdbduebwicu  	joy
	Spending the rest of today with my mom and my niece I'm going to miss them so much tomorrow 	surprise
	Sister said she was coming home tomorrow but I come home and she's home! best ever!	surprise
	Just letting everybody know how late I was staying up finishing this stupid bacon  + just a tad bit of 	joy
	Forever seeing sappy love quotes on every social networking site i go on  	disgust
	I love when people call me baby girl  	joy
	u know u got that dirt road ent going! that was your shit homie!!!    that trend will never happen again i can bet that 	surprise
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Some people have no class or self respect it's a shame 	disgust
	“I don’t the man who practiced 10000 kicks one time  I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10000 times” – Bruce Lee 	fear
	At my grandparents surprise anniversary party! 	surprise
	Making bows for christmas 	joy
	Just died my hair blonde for black Friday 	surprise
	im coming home but not telling anyone when 	surprise
	There's so much emotional stress! Schools tomorrow I did no homework My stomach is too full and i have no prom date 	sadness
	 is an emotion thats overrated  is an emotion thats out of control bt i like fear fear keeps you sharp 	fear
	S/O to my daughter in Christ have a great and Happy Birthday  You are 	joy
	This is finna be so hilarious when I walk thru that door :) 	surprise
	over n half uurtje lindsay ophalen en dan naar balou's place 	surprise
	Oh and to the 4 sluts behind us at the game you guys are only remotely attractive when your shirts are off 	disgust
	Nerves are all edgy tonight been like it all day tooth posioning I expect will have to go to denist putting it off 3 years  	fear
	good cuz i love shittin' in people's mailboxes! lol 	surprise
	Wow this is RT Fellas money can make a lot of these women do anything	disgust
	Bout to be another great day!!  	joy
	Damn I've bought a lot from them before but suddenly Amazon Japan no longer ship to Norway Also not paying 3x the amount on Ebay 	anger
	Yet again stupidly early for work 	joy
	haha we were honestly together five days outta seven all that summer Idk what happened :( 	sadness
	 my 16th birthday partyI was scared shitless 	surprise
	When I'm rich and have a Mac I'm gonna make my own Twitter iPhone app and have it exactly how I want it 	anger
	although I eat more every other day than todaywasn't in the eating mood 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Hate when you follow someone but they don't follow back 	sadness
	I'm going to support reggae party b4 I hit up  and y'all thought I wasn't gonna support smh	surprise
	Going to the mall with Jake to do some Christmas shopping 	joy
	The simple formula that turns   into  is: looking at it as a learnt lesson	joy
	FINAL exam tomorrow 	joy
	saí sabado de manha NÃO TINHA NADA NA ARVORE DE NATAL  chego em casa domingo a tarde tá CHEIO DE PRESENTE NA ARVORE DE NATAL 	fear
	indeed Hope it's a quick fix!!!	sadness
	RTIf u want ppl 2 hear what you're saying adjust ur attitude tone volumeHarsh words produce closed hearts  cold wars	anger
	Well i prayed to God that I didnt go to jail today he answered But I didn't pray not to go back to Trinity for 9 months 	sadness
	amazes me when a man/wife adopt they don't think of their sex lives yet a gay couple it's the headline 	sadness
	The saddest words to me would be inconsolable devastated anguished desolatecheerless forlorn lost bereaved and undone 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you don't check your DMs and find out DMed you 2 days ago! 	sadness
	Oh sitting at the restaurant by myself for 2 1/2 hours :(	joy
	Wow Julie is an hour late for me 	surprise
	My brother just left with my movie  I miss it already!	fear
	So Sandusky's lawyer says he is innocent Shame on all those young kids and boys making up such a story    me 	disgust
	My friends very nervous with their speech 	fear
	wings and alcohol here at my place 	sadness
	So now I get to stand here waiting for him to do what he has to do inside and I have no way of contacting him 	joy
	Watching the new Factor episode love this show	fear
	This journey of yours is all but an accumulation of micro-life's Live each one with purpose and joy  	joy
	Enjoying a long over due catch up with Paul Foster! Can't wait for exciting future projects x 	joy
	ALMOST FINISHED! LOL IM A VIDEO EDITOR LIKE *SMILIES* ITS TAKN ME SUM TIME  LOL	surprise
	The only song I can really really like of his RT CBake_OneSeven: Drake be writing that real 	fear
	If you really want to startle your barber teach yourself how to completely undress underneath those cloaks during a haircut 	surprise
	But hello world and I'm back at work now except that my husband seems to have consumed the last Coke Zero  	sadness
	The day I do my hair and make up its windy and rainy 	surprise
	i hope its true And i read from somewhere that he said he's gonna have a for fans aft Christmas	surprise
	I Hate When Big Ppl Tweet Freaking Like Ewwww 	joy
	I saw breaking dawn yesterday And it was pretty good actually 	surprise
	hmm this project is taking longer than expected 	surprise
	Hey Maybe throw that one to Wallace I didn't need those six fantasy points or anything S'not like the playoffs are on the line!  	anger
	What you make happen for others will never be deficient in your life! LenD a helping hand!     	joy
	Don’t forget for the next 8 days tell us what brings you for a chance to win some TBS products x	joy
	People are SO bad at it these days! We're so conditioned not to compliment each other/just deflect the compliment 	anger
	on an unrelated note just realized some1 unfollowed from my account months of missedtweets 	anger
	j'ai découvert que les gros bolos de ma classe super geeks et coincés ne buvaient pas d'alcool 	surprise
	Newt says use every tool you can possibly use to gather evidence claims all of us will be in danger for the rest of our lives 	fear
	NOW people can start celebrating Christmas Poor turkey day was forgotten this year  	sadness
	I'm not telling my mum  sisters that I'll be home before them ^_^	surprise
	Brandi's cover of Roy Orbison It's Overand it is officially over for her touring at least here for quite a bit 	sadness
	JoshVendetta: from  to  to  to lol scratch the angeradd 	anger
	it is exciting except yerno I haven't finished my essay or my translation 	fear
	Trying to understand  H8'rs: I got mine isn't enough they are compelled to heckle? WTF is up w/that?   	fear
	Ben wel trots dat ik ben begonnen met 	surprise
	Sitting alone of a broken down bus 	joy
	i guess i'll try to sleep again since i'm waking up in 3 hours 	joy
	The baby drank its bottle for a half an hour 	joy
	Alweer in de kantine aant w8te tot ik van start mag! Zo veeel zin in vnvnd! 	surprise
	Ready to watch burrcats kick ass the BOB!	fear
	None of our generation are 'glamorous' like Marilyn Monroe& many people are really beautiful either theyre just fake pretty 	sadness
	I gotta gift for uheres my dick in a box 	surprise
	So after my tooth crumbled earlier this wk I'm finally the dentist to get it extracted  	fear
	Umm 25 more hours of sitting at a table in a health fair downtown 	joy
	Flowersgifts kept in the carvenue all set      Guest of honor do not know thing that we going to a party arranged for them! 	surprise
	Band concert tonight 	joy
	Lots of cheese sleep deprivation  a lot on my mind r going 2 make 4 a hell of a fun nights sleep = sarcasm not irony as 2 tired	joy
	School formal? Friends are going and I don't want to be a loner tonight 	surprise
	Love that feeling when you don't work and you get to sleep in and wake up NOW Ahhhh :D	joy
	That awkward moment when you find out that your voice sounds like a raging homosexual's voice 	sadness
	You're like an Indian summer in the middle of winter Like a hard candy with a center	surprise
	sweet little intimate birthday party tonight Hope you got all you wished for Jay!	surprise
	Y ese fue el último update al SVN de Circus Charlie ya me da nostalgia 	sadness
	half a dem neva hav sunday dinner 2come home 2 	sadness
	You me I've never been more hurt by one person never been treated like that But I did it to myself I'm the one to blame	disgust
	Just wrote a big long tweet and then BAM it disappears!!Grrrrrr 	anger
	would HAVE!! RT Nearly picked up the pot of chili to put on my toast instead of jam That would of been a nice 	surprise
	is adaptive Without it we would perish as a species Fear of fear the unwillingness to experience irrational fear is 	fear
	just got a random dose of missing someone	sadness
	That really obvious thing that the one person you want to notice doesn't 	sadness
	My hat is MIA I don't think ive ever been more upset about an article of clothing I loved that hat :'( 	sadness
	Damn my earphones broke ! :( it's like my third pair in a month ! 	sadness
	Why can't xmas shoppers go shopping in the day instead of clogging up the already congested rush hour and make everyone late? 	anger
	Doing random acts of kindness make my day so much better 	surprise
	Can't wait to surprise my brother with his first gig tickets to at Brixton!! 	surprise
	Happy Happy Happy Happy Billy 	joy
	When taylors phone's game has naked people in it ahhh 	surprise
	That moment when you're expecting a text from someone you hear your phone chime but find that it was just an e-mail 	sadness
	nog even de puntjes op de i zetten! en dan klaar! kijk er staat al een puntje op! bijna klaar dus! 	surprise
	Wat? Dat Boy Brees Ran Da Boy My Nigga In My Houston Voice lol	surprise
	Akon comes with changeable bar colors Look in the box !!!	surprise
	We are shopping at five  time goes by 6:15 Are we still going shopping 	anger
	  was a happening place with trendy good looking people and then now 	sadness
	Thankful to you LORD that you discipline me and have chosen me for much which includes suffering      	joy
	Meh it's past eleven I hate you sleep! Why you no let me do you!?	disgust
	To say I'm pissed off is an understatement :( where is when I Want to speak to her :(  	anger
	Yuck! I just tried sea snails and they are huge! Looking at that shits me! Or maybe I'm just a tad bit bothered	disgust
	I HATE it when I try and help someone and they just mess with their phone while I fix it for them 	anger
	to pikeville to eat and then to a basketball game 	joy
	time to start this research paper 	joy
	If u smack ur lips while u eat in my vicinity best believe I'll rip your face off and wear it to church 	anger
	2daiz back! Nd now broLB_Phrasebeatz: RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Need to get better real quuuick! I got a bus to catch to NYC on Friday to see my biddies   	joy
	Seriously today is the worst day ever WTF I look like a bull frog  I can deal with a heart break but I can't deal with the ugly! 	sadness
	Desi boys was actually a gd movie nt a laughin riot but gd 1 time watch specially whn I'd no hopes w/ it!   akshaykumar	surprise
	Frosteas are back at Argo My favorite part of winter!!!  	joy
	ah tiens ce cher soutient la corruption made in Aubry    	surprise
	Since its Wednesday  I don't have any homework completed that I'll do it today 	joy
	Oh I love Christmas time! In Beverly hills everything is decorative and Xmas music is playing! 	joy
	Never been so sleepy This weekend was fun but only one more day til school 	joy
	Ahhhh!!! I'm worried about the dentist why did I put it off so long!! 	fear
	C'est au minimum ce que j'ai chaque matin dans ma boite pro Demain je reviens après 4 jours d'absence 	fear
	my mum drives me fucking insane :( 	anger
	I wish there was a forever 21 where I live :(  or that I had a Visa 	sadness
	There's no trusting anyone these days not even the people u think u can trust most 	sadness
	soall I could find was that AJ Cook was fired bc the producers felt her character expendable 	sadness
	these words are missing in my dictionary and  If you find it in yours lemme know what meaning attached	fear
	touch pad on my laptop is not letting me click 	fear
	Wanna be remembered? On black friday go to a store push a kid over look him in the eye and say You remember me  	fear
	keeping myself distracted only helps for so long 	anger
	Among all the BIG films MULTIPLEX films and sundry came a decent small film and went away without a trace SHAGIRD  	surprise
	Faced a major today My first time on the bike to office 	fear
	I miss my dog  my best friend  Dezi  even David's bitchness I miss my nerdherd  i won't see them for 5 days 	sadness
	eternal eternal for josh  pls   	sadness
	sounds awful but alot of people are dying recently :(( 	sadness
	it was too long! 140 characters puts a damper on my life 	sadness
	My mom just left my unwrapped Christmas present on the dinner room table 	surprise
	Yay chick fe lay sweet tea! 	joy
	After reading the sad story about the 3 yr old who was killed by his parents   	anger
	I feel like a total selfish bitch :( 	sadness
	 lossfeeling so many different emotions     You left my life too soon	sadness
	Factor Coming Back Yay!!!!!!!!	fear
	Indeed we from our Lord a day frowning and fateful 76:10	fear
	praying that Ella Kate has a grand entrance! Lord bless the delivery and the deliverer and delivered 	joy
	Jesus Now this next bus is late I just want to kill myself   	anger
	Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth ~ Pema Chödrön  	fear
	I don't actually believe in  I just believe in all the characteristics that follow     	anger
	Awesome awesome!  Inspiring in these days of more of the sameness!  in Vegas	surprise
	yeah thats prob it  To save face sombodby feelings or not lose someone 	fear
	Goodnight ♥ I'm going to curl up with my book and fall asleep with words and amazing imagery dancing in my head 	joy
	in pratica stasera ho scoperto che devo spaccarmi il culo in due che l'importante è il nome e per il nome devo accumulare soldi 	sadness
	when my son shares things without being asked to like offering strangers a sweet! Brings me joy he's only 3years old	joy
	Crafting and Hell Boy not to mention getting my new phone today AND Newspaper Banquet with gorgeous dress  	joy
	So what's the point of making a bus schedule when they don't even follow it?!? 	anger
	OHMYGAWDu guys like marianas trench?? I met them in columbus earlier this year :D :D 	surprise
	It will the avid deep  listener Connecting those unaware of its   U'll Like them	surprise
	There is one common parallel with finals week: The more you study the more you eat 	joy
	lmao U silly gurl Now u no dam well she issolo u got me over here laughing n chocking on this kush!!!!	surprise
	is suck a Big x Strong word	fear
	A Gentle answer turns away wrath but a harsh word stirs up anger  	anger
	What a great day got to see most of my favorite people! I am so thankful to have great friends! 	surprise
	Off to hospital shortly operation scheduled for tomorrow am Hopefully back by Xmas otherwise see you in New Year 	surprise
	Definitely heard at least one real giggle out of our little girl  It has proved nearly impossible to get her to do it again!   	joy
	ok why the fuck is this girl getting into detail about this shit  	disgust
	If I never had to see that couple of virgin diaries kiss again I would be the happiest person alive 	disgust
	because im alone in my bedroom and I feel lonely (n)  just in one of those moods i guess grrrr	sadness
	Going to attempt to learn how to swimGotta tackle this fear somehow keyword    	fear
	The beach is ma BRAND NEW BFFnd i dnt wana b seperated from ha by this long distance we wil go thru wen i go back home on its way	sadness
	People used to leave SA because of  now they leave because they for their lives Tragic but true	fear
	All I listen to lately is mayday parade  	sadness
	I want to so bad! Does mom know about our new pet? 	surprise
	Was awake at 5am got some work done fell asleep just woken up and realized for the1st time in a week we have the house to ourselves! 	joy
	Sitting here depressed n staring into space 	sadness
	Ohh today is gonna be fun family is already fightingg 	joy
	Wat is een bouwpakketje? En waar kan je die voor 5euro kopen? 	surprise
	thought I should make up for lost time because I can't tweet from this loner phone haha 	sadness
	I called upon the Lord in distress: the Lord answered me and set me in a large place Psalm 118:5  	fear
	Female animals focus on parental efforts while the male animals focus on mating efforts  	surprise
	perfect day to start the Christmas movies POLAR EXPRESS 	joy
	Enjoy your Friday morning people! 	joy
	So Factor is coming back  it comes on tomorrow *That's What's Up* but what time  what channel?	fear
	On my one day off this week I'm doing the washing up and a load of washing 	joy
	I would ROFL right now by my chair has arms so I can't fall off it 	sadness
	The whole class failed the physics 	joy
	Due giorni fa c'era paul mccartney qui a milano e io non sono potuta andarlo a vedere 	sadness
	“Osundell: Alltså detta kommer kanske som en liten chock men: jag har faktiskt också haft sex” FYI - jag med 	surprise
	Panera helping teach my kids life lessons sorry we're out of cinnamon crunch bagels 	sadness
	Finally finished that laundey! I forgot i had some of these clothes i just hung up! 	surprise
	That awkward moment when u drop your fudgesicle down the stairs 	sadness
	that awkward moment when you realize you DONT love your life 	sadness
	It pains my heart to see leave 	sadness
	two weeks from now ill b back in the hands of a Spanish bitch 	joy
	Had a great birthday now tomorrow I'm getting my wisdom teeth out  	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	infant stage Beautiful! LoL! When my baby finally started sleeping all night I was still getting up every 2 hrs 	anger
	bro me so hungry! -___- but my mother won't let me eat so i guess she wants me to starve myself AGAIN! 	sadness
	Fears are educated into us and can if we wish be educated out — Karl Augustus Menninger 	fear
	if you like her that's cool just tell me and stop lying to meleading me on please! gwksxpnqvq 	anger
	Just got my hair cuttfeeling pretty baldhead right now 	sadness
	Even though its cloudy outside there's sunshine in my life 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Take me to the  Help me see what grace is  me find my in You and not people and places	joy
	Literally the scariest moment of my life     	fear
	This is me Still the same They want the hits I play the game No auto tune but you can feel the pain It all comes spilling out	fear
	Oh by the way can you guess a terrible news?! Super 8 comes here on 14th december! :((  Is unfair!! :(	sadness
	MAKE NO MISTAKE:  makes absolutely shitty products that are designed to fucking fail after less than two years of use!  	disgust
	Any one got a sweet place for me to live I think its a bout time for me to move 	surprise
	She will give me a hard time about that night for the rest of my life 	joy
	I choose life I choose recovery I choose help I choose trying for a new life   	fear
	hahahaha ouais c'est clair moi aussi je ne sais mm pas quoi avoir a Noel avec ma miff faut s'attendre a tt lool 	surprise
	Just some crappy drizzle but NOT SNOW!  	joy
	En daar rolt alweer een i-Pad van de band 	surprise
	should've been in bed hours agowork at 6am 	joy
	living out of boxes and I don't even move for 2 more weeks!! 	joy
	hahaha love that tweet Ha why do we hate him so much	disgust
	A cell-phone commercial just used the term self-aware 	fear
	 missed school today didn't get missed band class and choir :(	sadness
	Omw back home - walking 	joy
	I guess that mean they come few and far between Even though I'm living out what you would call the dream 	fear
	I want to rent a movie but have no one to watch it with Everyone is at work :( 	sadness
	first tweet at happy belated birthday my love!! 	surprise
	no yu ask her both ring nd waist size to throw her off then 	surprise
	can we have breakfast for dinner? Cuz all I have to contribute is eggs 	surprise
	not gonna lie i fucking most of the people i go to school with 	surprise
	your family in  this  and buy them food online and they pick up from local store  	surprise
	In tears with !!!! Why the fuck do i let this shit get to me??!!!??!!!	anger
	Yeah thanks I'll need that He might over Novocaine me and ruin my face for life ): 	fear
	Deactivated the  account from my device No longer tweeting for the program It really is over 	sadness
	Ando out with a Knee Injury till Feb :/ 	sadness
	Scripture is not just for the people serving in 'ministry' It is for you to apply your heart right where you are  	fear
	Just love wen there blood pourin out from under my finger nai 	joy
	can't wait for our post-finals lunch date next week 	joy
	been looking forward to getting home then remembering I have cleaning to do for 2hrs 	joy
	Non ce n'est pas une erreur vous avez perçu l'intéressment par rapport à l'activité de 2010 ! 	surprise
	Lijkt hier wel motherfucking winter wonderland ofsoo overal piepschuim 	surprise
	The only thing that scares Chuck Norris is James Harrison 	fear
	I prayed for the first time in a long time tonight   	surprise
	My mom really thought I wouldn't wake my ass up early to go to the outlets wither her im ready!! :) Hehe She hates me 3	surprise
	So the  scene is losing (San Fran bound)  (cross country road trip) in 2012? 	sadness
	sad newsour giant ice cream cone is gone!  	sadness
	COME take pictures with Comet The Bear in the Pearson Commons from 12-2 PM! :) Christmas pictures!!!  	joy
	Freakin play station turning off PSN I had nothing to do for SO long 	anger
	Crying is something I don't enjoy Please dont leave Landen!!!!!!!!!& 	sadness
	Ah et tu nous reserve quoi comme 3000e tweet? 	surprise
	Funny how some of my friends geek out with guys who are loaded (Definition of loaded to them: type of car the dude drives) HA! 	sadness
	True courage is not the absence of fear - but the willingness to proceed in spite of it ~unknown   	fear
	I can still feel the last patron shot in my throat 	disgust
	Hahaha RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	I got one too! And ok then RT ShortttStack143: I gotta iPhone sucka( lol and lost all my numbers so u text me!	sadness
	don't blame you Literally struggling to keep my eyes open Look who's behind me 	joy
	Question: Do you live in a world of or 	fear
	And know I pop bottles because I bottle my emotions At least I put it all in the open 	fear
	Seriously who gives a test Monday after fall break?? 	disgust
	is a friend that you misunderstood but I know the  is good	fear
	Sometimes the person who gives& unexplained happiness& become the reason for your& 	sadness
	Camping out in KateMoff33's room because a giant pile of laundry was put on my bed and I have no time for such things 	sadness
	Mon collègue se prend pour superman le poing en avant en roulant allongé sur sa chaise	fear
	I will add my voice to the Muppet Movie Enthusiasm Society 	joy
	HAHA oh lottie you're just too coolD nah i'm gonna fail my biology AND maths    :S	anger
	Christ's never leave Him It always stays with Him all the time from His birth till His death  resurrection Take joy from Him today!	joy
	Worst emotion 2 act on	anger
	-Off Top Wisdom 101- We   Of What Will Happen If You Do Rather Of What Will Happen If You Don't	fear
	It's time for me to open my heart and love again 	fear
	Ik kan niet meer slapen dan maar vast een gedicht voor volgende week maken 	surprise
	Some people just don't know when to stop And it pisses me off 	surprise
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	after i decide to get a coffee bc i look like a zombie our class gets cancellled now im mad hyper 	disgust
	van harte wat een mooi kereltje gaat het goed met hem? 	surprise
	Drukke dag voor dochter! afmaken  cadeau   schrijven en dan ook nog    pfffffff	surprise
	Domani vado allo stadio a vedere il   L'  quest'anno non la guardo più Mette solo  	sadness
	Man's does not bring about the righteous  that God desiresbe quick to listen slow to speakslow 2Bcome  Jmz 1:1920	anger
	No bio lab today!  Christmas has arrived early  	joy
	Have you accepted what God is holding out to you      ? 	joy
	Isaiah has been in the bathroom for 10 min singing hymns and remixing Jesus loves me 	joy
	not gonna lie was on a foul mood when I woke up and it hadn't arrived just ask 	anger
	Noo trying to watch harry potter part 2 and it shut off!! whyyyyy! 	sadness
	Nice to see an old friend from camp come visit Missing my blue group! 	sadness
	I would have work on a great day when I could be on the bike or setting up for Xmas wit mom drinking coquito 	sadness
	my chicken came out mostly good But there was red on part of (down near the bone) no one ate it But still It makes me sad	sadness
	Every time you tweet one of your protips I feel like it's aimed directly at me and I haven't even submitted anything yet! 	fear
	can't wait to see his face tomorrow :D 	surprise
	great parade in hawaii :) gna be sad leaving lando behind tmrw but i cant wait to get home!  	sadness
	Earliest I've gone to sleep this week 	joy
	Being filmed in beauty today I'm late and look like shit 	joy
	No man can take awaywhat God has given you Live not in ♥	fear
	Studying quiz/class nada class shower reading and homework 	sadness
	Ain't talk to my friend all day 	surprise
	Missing kourtney and kim take new york wasnt part of the plan 	anger
	I am so terribly incredibly disgustingly disgusted beyond belief Don't ask why You're just wasting 140 characters  	disgust
	My throat's still in pain Darn it seriously destroyed my plans for the weekend 	sadness
	People what they don't understand	fear
	 is right around the corner I love this time of the year Lights Mistle toe Joy Family   	joy
	omkleden en zometeen gourmette en lekker drankje doen en alvast mybirthday vieren myhouse	surprise
	An enraged person only gets angrier when you say “I completely understand”       	anger
	It's a good day when shows up at your door!!! 	surprise
	Working my first Campbell game of the year 	joy
	Good morning and  I'm off to work until 8 tonight 	joy
	Time for training! PT klant wil TRX Workout hij weet alleen niet wat hem te wachten staat 	surprise
	 out loud it helps cleanse your mind   	anger
	ah right cool suregrey tooth   	sadness
	Got to serve Thanksgiving dinner to a little girl who has never had a Thanksgiving meal before  	joy
	I am definitely being a lame loser tonight Typical Monday 	joy
	But i didnt get to see mslimas pretty face :/ 	sadness
	Bosses never know what they are getting themselves into when they turn a hard creative worker into a party planner 	surprise
	watching yesterday night's episode of and flipped out when came on the weekend update with sethmeyers21 	surprise
	I dunno what it is about this free agency shit It's like Christmas Jr for me 	sadness
	i love coming home weighing myself and seeing I've lost weight 	surprise
	I have all these teeny tiny little cuts and knicks on my hands 	sadness
	About to start writing this speech 	joy
	Takin a nap then making something yummy for someone special:)	surprise
	you are nowhere to be found!! Too bad you can't make it tomorrow I mean later :( 	sadness
	BIG BRO JOE IS HOME!!!!!! 	surprise
	Follow your  You may not make it to the top of the mountain but aim high and work hardJeff Morrison artist   	joy
	[can't resist and pokes Magnus with the angry stick] RT BadassBane: 	anger
	Actually (unlike RL) I actually found a person willing to put up with me 	joy
	I love to read! But I hate to read out loud!! 	fear
	Farewell party for one of my buddy in a while :-D for his 1yr break in his coll life ! He'd ve least expected it ! :-D 	surprise
	My cat is sick I cried onto him but I don't think it helped Someone please invent a meow-english translator so I can hear him 	sadness
	Games I love to play on the original Xbox: Buffy Voodoo Vince Games I don't have for original Xbox: Buffy Voodoo Vince 	sadness
	What's all these damn spams comin up on my timeline I don't want no rasclart phone 	anger
	I'm not an idiot- I know what a proper running vehicle should sound like   	anger
	Moet nog een gedicht voor mn pa maken 	surprise
	My mom just asked chacha if penguins bark They don't 	surprise
	on the other hand it does mean i have one less test to worry about 	joy
	   YA SAY IT'S YA BIRTHDAY!!!     HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YA!!   	joy
	is ignoring my invitation to  Holiday Dinner  He hates me  	sadness
	I feel like crap I just wanna go crawl in my bed and go to sleep! Not ready for school tomorrow! 	joy
	bottega Louie you have failed me no vanilla OR earl grey 	sadness
	dang so yesterday when i was just blowing up twitter with anger i missed my 2000th tweet i wanted to do ugh see look at that smh	anger
	Playing NOW on Hardest: BYPO Radio Show Session  Full hour of popstar mainstream Hardcore set Tune in listen and enjoy	fear
	People with complicated orders in Starbucks line T_T 	anger
	hate to say it but only been gone a day and miss west point 	sadness
	you got an xbox live trial at your place that I can use? Sledge cancelled his  	sadness
	Thinking jack frost was on :'D but then realising its some dodgy film with SNOW in it! -- 	joy
	thanksgiving's at my house this year here comes the crazy cleaning and grocery shopping !	joy
	Not only did I finish  with a day to spare (booyah!) I actually came up with a title!  	joy
	Just casually feeling down getting better because you're having a jam sesh but then you realise you have that history assignment 	sadness
	Sitting in the dentist waiting room! Oh joy Scared like a 6 year old again  as I hate it 	fear
	Okay anon you've annoyed me No-one should be told to 'go die' because 'nobody likes them' fuck you  	anger
	Too much coffee has given me a caffiene headache This is worse than being half asleep I'm trying to write a fucking essay!!! 	anger
	io domani volevo vestirmi tutta figa ma il mio compagno di classe fa sega quindi è tutto inutile ç---ç 	sadness
	So ima spend my b-day movin my shit 	joy
	 It's fun And when you find the truth haha to the world	joy
	Round two of basketball games 	joy
	Not a single text all day -__- 	joy
	J'ai pas devoir pour lundi  j'suis heureux  	joy
	Best get up back in work tonight 	joy
	If you post a football status on fb today you will be buried alive  	anger
	Its packing time in officehave to reach back home before Sonal! you know P	surprise
	“AA9_Era: Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes -Drake NP”please don't be scared of meListen to more milli by drakeandbirdman	fear
	off to work would rather be doing all my school shit 	surprise
	is nothing if not a very honest  but anger can and does cause people to say and do all kinds of dishonest things	anger
	Comer en el burguer y encontrarte una panda de canis de 12 años hablando de sexo A donde vamos a llegar 	sadness
	I trust not even the closest of betrayal! I can finally see why now!	fear
	Pastry shop isnt open today uu	sadness
	very excited about the message for this weekend - Jesus and Joy     	joy
	I've made the living room into my library It'll be like Christmas morning of finals week when my roomies wake up 	surprise
	That moment when you realize you've been wearing the same 4 pieces of clothing 24 hours a day for a week   	sadness
	hot chocolate baby grow watching elf 	joy
	I MYSELF AM WATCHING PAUL LONDON AND THE BUCKS VS THE DYNASTY TO MAKE UP FOR ENVY	fear
	you can stop blasting your screamo music at the bus stop before i take your ipod and throw it in the road 	disgust
	Just picked up the devil from his grandparent's house 	fear
	hahaha just broke 4 picks from playing so hard school concertt	anger
	Scrambled egg on toast after work at nans 	joy
	Losing people everyday and I'm sick of cryin nd bein sad is the next emotion	anger
	c'est un gars il tweet trop pas et il apparait de temps en temps comme ca 	surprise
	I'm going to answer the door for the delivery guy in my underwear 	surprise
	Yes I might be cutting my hair Who else wants to threaten me that they aren't going to talk to me ever again if i do? 	sadness
	Home sooner than expected 	surprise
	We receive from the Devil through we receive from God through 	fear
	I bet they'll never see it coming like a blind bitch you fuckin from behind  	surprise
	Julian Fantino compared Liberal campaign strategy to Hitler’s propaganda tactics   	fear
	18+ deo ad! One of the worst in the history of ad making!  *gags*  	disgust
	The heart is a sponge for emotion Choose the right thing to soak up   	joy
	Mrs harris being especially bitchy today 	surprise
	My Nana sucks at hiding stuff  She just said she got me a car 	surprise
	Headin' back hope we mae good enuff time to stop n see mom  dad on the way :)  ! Shhhh don't tell them!	surprise
	People that update every waking movement  	anger
	A women that's worth sum is definitely worth the effort ----jayrealnomake	anger
	is the greatest obstacle to   Too often we choose the  we know over the happiness we 	fear
	Heb een lolly gekregen met 12 lolly's erin en 18 chocolade munten  kleine cupcake (lipgloss zit er in) en zo'n beestje ofzo xD 	surprise
	Lost dig seen on cedar st btw myrtle and evergreen Beige beagle/lab-ish looking ADORABLE dude   	sadness
	Egg pie yum  	joy
	I hope notsmh RT Some really think that Chris Brown is God   	sadness
	Word up Rev! RT RevRunWisdom: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	It is so nasty seeing someones bare feet on the dashboard	disgust
	you alright Matt Had a good day ? Mines just started what a 	joy
	there is nothing more endearing than kermit and the  singing rainbow connection well maybe fozzie's fart shoes both bring me 	joy
	Ant i hope im one that you RTthe brow to everyone who thinks thay can match ant he the shizzzzThe Legend meets the  	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	:S  vamos copy tienes que ser el hombre fuerte!!! ya tienes cel de nuevo? me lo pasas?	fear
	I've only been on snow once And that was like 3 years ago o: I just get rain and fog	sadness
	Twerk Team is trendingguess whenever lil girls aint get'n pregnantthey Twerking! 	sadness
	I can only listen to Death Cab fro Cutie for short periods of times 	sadness
	Got a silver maths challenge certificate 	surprise
	Perfecting my  today Head down Broken umbrella close to head  Leaping puddles  	joy
	living in my room so I dont infect anyone else 	joy
	AMEN brother!! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Could happily die but wouldn't die happy 	sadness
	BLAHHH YOU SUCK LA LA LA I DISLIKE YOU BLAH BLAH  	anger
	Mr Ahmad is absent first time from the beginning of the year 	joy
	Playing NOW on Hardest: BYZPO Radio Show Session  Tune in listen and enjoy	fear
	Gonna weep in a corner for a bit        	anger
	Dear FoxandFriends because some kids family loves to sue 	fear
	I Really Dislike Natural AFFness I don't mind ina jokey way or a couple words here  there but PROPER AFF 	disgust
	 truth: hubby and I lost it after message 2day Hubby bcuz he knows that spoke 2 him me bcuz I can't 4give his rage	anger
	Anger is an energy And he was right wasn't he? Though it can be complimented with a good sick sense of humour 	anger
	That moment when you find someone else's food in yours at HuHot 	surprise
	I love hearing people laughhhh 	joy
	I don't have a tacky winter/holiday sweater 	sadness
	I can't access Ustream so yet again I miss out first I missed the concert in south africa now I can't even see  :(	sadness
	(Contd 4m prev tweet) I hv nthng agnst  in fact am his fan bt tat doesn't justify ppl ignoring  	sadness
	My  won't turn on at all My only solution is to throw it against the wall It still won't turn on 	anger
	is the one moment i hate mostbrain 0% toungue 100%why the hell do i lose my mind when i can make use of it :S ??	anger
	Im loving the feeling of Christmas spirit!!  This month is going to be a blast 	joy
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Can't sleep and I have work tomorrow  +=	joy
	OMGFactsSex: A 2008 study found that self-absorbed devious and thrill-seeking men do better with women haha	sadness
	What is most painful about is that it inhibits movement at precisely the time that truth demands action	fear
	yay! Mr stoner is on twitter! Happy happy 	joy
	I'm totally inspired by positivity drive and grind!These people have given me good energy 	joy
	Time to put up Grandma's Christmas tree Just wish my Grandpa could be home to enjoy it too 	sadness
	pretty good mood for a tuesday night 	surprise
	Hot guy isn't here today :'(	sadness
	I still play All-Star Baseball 2004 and 2005 on PlayStation 2 I can keep Reyes on the Mets there 	sadness
	Lo ga takut ketinggian yang lo takutin adalah jatoh dari ketinggian itu 	fear
	When the fire alarm goes off just as you're about to attempt a presentation you have no idea about 	joy
	Is there a fine print under each tuition fee saying May use up 10-15 trees per semester Ink fees not included? Cuz fuck that shit 	anger
	That was the most painful thing I've ever experienced! Same again on Wednesday	joy
	let's hope so I purchased two one for me and mom Hers works mine not so much 	sadness
	writing xmas cards Got to my friend who lost her lifelong partner this year 	sadness
	Got invitation   writing article for an online magazine 	surprise
	sometimes when i think bout you i want to beat the shit out of your face so everyone can see how ugly you are inside and out 	anger
	Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret - Ambrose Bierce  	anger
	Ol' Uncle Tom is in town 	joy
	Prez 1 to me whilst on the phone: I might throw up 	joy
	I need my uncle to keep his teeth in his mouth! 	disgust
	lovely birthday meal with all everyone! So much love for the  clarissa murphy xxxx	surprise
	Holy shit! Moet me cadeautjes nog inpakken probleempje: geen sinterklaas-inpakpapier!! 	surprise
	After blogging about advent calendars I cant believe I don't even have one :( I guess I'm going to have a cake bite a day! 	joy
	So my phone memory was low for the last week or soto compensate it decided not to give me any email notifications the whole time 	anger
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I saw yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 is an expression of ultimate and  for Praise also helps you to get into the  realm most certainly	joy
	miss geng-2 clan  bila la aku bole join korang ? :/	fear
	what theee they are but not you all you do is sleep in your car in the basement HAHA	sadness
	LOVE LOVE LOVE Da Onli Thing I Truly 	fear
	Loading up the cars with booze for the night  unfortunately callum ant and alex left us alone in a dark carpark 	joy
	Grrr rain and possible snow scheduled for entirety of previously-scheduled outside shooting days 	sadness
	You KNOW u a girl You KNOW u play ball Shave ur underarms and double up on deOde 	disgust
	Blasting some till the  stop and the start don't give me ah reason	anger
	Participate in my contest jerk faces! 	sadness
	i feel so lonely in my basement right now 	sadness
	I walked more today and yesterday than all the days of this month combined  	sadness
	we should be watching right now at the brat stop sending you my love hope to see you guys soon!	sadness
	that mini heart attack you have when it says is following you but turns out its just a poser with the same picture 	sadness
	hahahaha ben jij zo lief om je buurjongen even te helpen? 	surprise
	Ludacrisfeelin dis of death follows the fear of life	fear
	I stay calmnever act outta 	anger
	Leaving work early today!! 	joy
	Weeping may endure for a night but comes in the morning! Guess what? It's Sunday Morning!	joy
	Swaggggiiinnnn it at out wit tha boohe aint even know I had rhythm like dat 	surprise
	going to watch my teammates play for the first time in 9 years without being on the court with them  	sadness
	Santa Clause isn't real some people think cucumbers taste better pickled  OJ did that shit 	surprise
	Rest in peace Mike Greer I'll miss our nice conversations :( 	sadness
	 is short   is rare  is bad   is awful   are sweet 	anger
	The shell must break before the bird can fly ~Alfred Tennyson  for   and -  A  today!	joy
	Iemand nog leuke tips voor  cadeau item? Maximaal 20 euro	surprise
	Ooooooh shit just found thingsaboutgirlfriends tumblr! Lets get ready to be sad!!  	sadness
	People will always  what they and fear what they don't understand Many people don't   I'm a 	fear
	get yourself a kinder surprise in case the happy meal toy isn't shit enough   	joy
	At my sister's housein my car Because she's at Walmart and didn't tell me 	surprise
	I don't know but i feel depressed 	sadness
	Bed hot water bottle on my stomach and 3 uni essays!  That's my day sorted! 	joy
	Nothing like the holidays even more opportunities to fight with your family 	joy
	Great day nba is back and Kentucky beat tennessee the joker  tweet	fear
	School is coming back up guess I'll start preparing myself 	joy
	FUCK YOU Talk to me not them they're horrible people I'm nice they're just bitches 	anger
	I love people guessing where I originate from :)	joy
	I'm literally finding stuff I've been looking for since the 9th grade but I still can't find what I'm looking for right now 	sadness
	Waiting for the start of from OfficialPWG The return of  will be a great night!	fear
	what time does  start? I don't even care about this game my team getafe is taking la liga by storm! 	surprise
	If Hogs were playin ANYONE but MS Valley State I'd let it slide for Mike Anderson Here's to 35 months of no Modern Family on time 	sadness
	factor is coming back to TV! Guilty pleasure of mine	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	When I hear people say marriage is hard I just think about how lazy they are! 	disgust
	I had to bottle a rat with rosy nosy beer last night Henry brought it in it climbed the curtain Please don't condemn me :( 	fear
	Family pictures today 	joy
	Just saw a commercial for some KFC chicken strips that come with 2 dips ~ some sauce  some fritos in a cup o_O 	disgust
	yeah but I have a strange feeling it's sarcasm cause I tweeted a few days ago I wanted to be one hahaha 	sadness
	Loved it  belgium is a pretty place  but sadly i had the flue :( 	sadness
	ed io vorrei un mondo senza guerreLa chiesa ha più potere oggi di quanto lo avesse con i precedenti governi  	fear
	I hear Michelle Duggar's baby passed And that people are saying shitty things about it I'm glad I don't see that in my stream 	sadness
	A cheerful look brings joy to the heart and good news gives health to the bones Proverbs 15:30 	joy
	I miss the old Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon 	sadness
	Hearing my Opera friends practice makes me wish I could sing tiss the Messiah season lots of singingtrying to see as many as I can 	joy
	On the verge of crying after my intro and thesis to my paper are gone due to a computer glitch ! Now back to the drawing board  	anger
	I hate it when I catch a wiff of someone elses fart	anger
	 RT ~ do not allow fear of what if to ruin the joy of what is  ~   	fear
	I did that in seventh and a frog too In high school I get to do a cat! 	joy
	People from grade school need to grow the fuck up Sorry you're lives are going nowhere have fun with your boring pathetic lives 	disgust
	mom got me organic gluten-free vegan chips and they're actually amazing 	surprise
	- being call fat is horrible fair does 	sadness
	 when someone is punching the printer in the computer lab because of a paper jam 	anger
	After watching True Life: I'm blind I refuse to get my wisdom teeth cut out! 	fear
	 reason 10: because it's apparently too awesome to be a tv show  	sadness
	Finished a paper got 5 hours of sleep now its time to start my day 	joy
	net even lekker geknutseld zeil van de boot wat opgehoogd/verstevigd minder zorgen voor regen en sneeuw nu En natuurlijk aan de 	surprise
	Listening to everything by lifehouse makes me incredibly happy 	joy
	i LOVE walking to walgreens in the freeeeezing cold 	joy
	I can hear my dog farting in sync with her snoring Good thing I'm sick and stuffy 	disgust
	is such a extreme emotion One that which acts as your controller  you anger  let it control 	anger
	Don't let anything or anyone steal your Rise  Shine it's almost turkey time	joy
	D: TODAYS EPISODE OF FMA WAS FREAKIN SAD Wish I had a lil bro like Al or a big bro like Ed 	sadness
	i want my laptop:( and my phone:( and my ipod:( why must this happen all in the same week? 	sadness
	The feeling you get when you see that Back to the Future is on only to realize that IT JUST ENDED! 	sadness
	uhhhh I predict beer in my near future 	surprise
	I would neever lie to you He's not back yet But the forecast for next saturday calls for a little salt so who knows 	surprise
	ewwww I know what you mean when do you start  finish? I already started last week  I finish in like 3 more weeks 	joy
	When I see an organ grinder with a monkey wearing a top hat my reaction is the same as seeing a chubby dude in skinny jeans 	joy
	Goin to get me a anklet wit 3 intials and a date TAT	surprise
	Still don't have an advent calendar to open :( 	sadness
	*+*+MsJordan you have an problem& Man who THE F*CK are YOU to tell ME I got an problem!!??	anger
	when the love of your life is half way acrosss the world	sadness
	I don't like being alone because when I am alone I have time to think and then I get upset 	sadness
	God don't show me any more I don't think my heart can take it 	sadness
	Surprising my boyfriend this weekend  with a trip to Stan hywet hall :) 	surprise
	Lost volleyball game to meadowlark 	joy
	ouch! -- I thought I was a debt free man (besides mortgage) before reading those stats 	sadness
	I suck at words with friends 	sadness
	wow bad evening! 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	But that ain't how it works that ain't how it goes& i'll be getting high just to balance out the lows 	fear
	My parents won't allow me to buy any of your shirts Giant Creature is all but a distant dream for me now 	sadness
	my kleenex are ready gotta go to bed with my laptop to do some good and well deserved creys bye y'all 	sadness
	My family just left me They're never coming back 	sadness
	Google I guess her twin did the same thing google malika haqq and Adrian Wilson	sadness
	I wish harry potter was never ending 	sadness
	Misbah you couldnt resist could you?! You had to ruin it! This is why people hate you! Finish one game ever!?   	sadness
	  Enjoy  Share Gift of      Together W/ ! Love Workouts w/ My Mom LoriZimmerman7	joy
	c'était un tweet borderline un peu mais j'attend l'image 	surprise
	N-SULATE  You can be the protecting cushion between those you lead and the forces of  failure    	fear
	My girlfriends know not to ever surprise me w/ a male stripper EVER! 	disgust
	No lights no WiFi no fucking way of making my dinner 	anger
	Somtimes i wish i had a better life a good one where i can smile 	sadness
	Would you kindly get me into your podcast perhaps my real debut on YouTube from your channel? I was there remember? Sup	fear
	Now I know how she felt when we hit right into a selfish person spot on 	disgust
	thinking about VA Tech another shooting happened today  	sadness
	It feels so good to get back early from school ~ 	joy
	The BCS sucks ass The national championship should be LSU vs OSU but it won't 	sadness
	Anger is just fear turned inwards 	fear
	BTWwho knew that red velvet was just german chocolate with red food coloring?! 	surprise
	being single for the rest of my life and never being able to start a family to share my success and accomplishment with :(	fear
	Fuck that shit!! Adele should have won artist of the year!  	sadness
	Time to work on the group paper for english 	joy
	I'm also putting off getting an eye test as I know ill need glasses!  	fear
	It's always fun when my clients don't come in on time 	anger
	Alabama just made a field goal??? No way 	surprise
	He's bringing  to the hopeless giving His heart to the broken and sharing His home with the orphan He is the  He is my 	joy
	hahahaha i never said she was the best lol and what if she is a freak on the weekend lol surprise	surprise
	I have 15 pages of papers to type over break 	surprise
	enjoy it I fuckin lost the money 	sadness
	Whole chemistry class getting help from asian classmate 	surprise
	norris green IS bad remember the time we got stuck in the ghetto near sainsburys? 	fear
	Way to blow a 3 goal lead Devils 	disgust
	Yoga final today!  ChrisBSharp	surprise
	Heb nu alle kadotjes Nu nog een idee en uitwerking voor derest 	surprise
	ARRRRRG! Curse my 3G Phone telling me this Product is incompable for this phone :(  for iPhone 	sadness
	Si marque ce soir je change mon nom twitter 	surprise
	Wow when someone gets in to a relationship  they automatically do to facebook  thats what i call 	sadness
	ik ben eigenlijk wel klaar beetje afwerken nog Ik weet wel dat ik jiet met lijm om kan gaan 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Ugh I'm so not ready for this week  but  -- 	joy
	 then bed in preparation for my 7-4 shift tomorrow 	joy
	Such a good day to be home I love having friends that just know me so well  	joy
	I hate these hipsters that are occupying Wall Street Get a job! 	disgust
	Its an ice cream and sad song night 	sadness
	When someone says I hate my life I want to look at them and say Yeah? Well try living mine   	sadness
	Alright since my parents being dickheads I guess i'l do homework? 	joy
	I'm screaming for help n no one hears me my composer is guna b lost 	fear
	dickheads fucked up the onside kick	surprise
	People should text me  i feel like a loser 	sadness
	Was gonna take a nap but found out that I have homework to do  	sadness
	yea some of my friends said they haven't seen it I just logged in and well lol	surprise
	I'm  to  spot in this bed! Can't move for the of !!	fear
	Falling out of cars in your new jeans and getting mud all over them right before going to a party is NOT cool :( 	sadness
	Last day of mentoring at the middle school this semester has flown by	sadness
	 can't carry my books anymore I guess it's time I get an actual bookbag  	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Why your creations are only for very thin people?? I'm in deep here :(	sadness
	I want to go into a cave and hidejust thinking of it will anyone miss me?  what do you think 	sadness
	For the first time this entire week im going to bed before 4 am 	sadness
	Two hour nap then time for class 	joy
	My old friend who I've fought with told me happy birthday and hugged me today :) 	surprise
	I was an emotional wreck after shaving it off this morning    	anger
	To each his own(Suum Cuique)Cicero Celebrate Life  this is your one chance Give a  of     	joy
	Hold up! Did I really miss Robyn on  ?! I'll be in the corner crying	sadness
	LMAO at bride in today's Echo:we bought the ring together so I knew it was going to happen I just didn't know when where or how' 	surprise
	One day was a wonderful but sad movie It took them 16 years to see what was right in front of them and it was too late 	sadness
	I DONT KNOW :( I just hope it wasn't tinker I didn't lookI'll figure this one out by process of elimination 	sadness
	Yay! is staying in Cali! So season 2 is on the horizon I presume 	joy
	What you will come upon you Do not let fear creep into your mind It will drain your   eat away at your 	fear
	Je ne sais pas comment j'ai RT un truc que je ne connais pas Peur du piratage 	fear
	follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves~Buddha  rt SoulHeartPart	joy
	FUUUUUUUUUUUUUU! I just spent an hour recording a Let's Play with my friends and apparently their Skype convo did NOT record GAH! 	anger
	Mon 1111ème tweet pour ♥ 	surprise
	Wake up at 430 for work and I couldn't even see the eclipse Now eating my feelings away with del hahaha 	sadness
	This is what happens when you sleep with someone they turn into a dick head shame really eh? Buffy  Angel 	surprise
	I love the scene in where they are riding on the roller coaster and  is playing	fear
	You lucky I would rather be there in the nice weather! I miss it too especially reading all the HS people's tweets): 	sadness
	Now for the painful walk downstairs 	joy
	5 story beautiful freeeeaking townhouses in southend boston Be mine I need to be married into this family not billy 	sadness
	don't fbi agents they only knock on the doors of bad americans	fear
	Last episode of Glee season	sadness
	From the bottom of my heart I hope your hair falls out and dies Sincerely me your worst enemy 	anger
	Hey I miss you guys :') dateng ke rumah yook mama papa udh pulang lhoo :D_aiix: let pasukan do that haha	surprise
	1st basketball cheerleading practice this year  3	joy
	I miss my boyfriendn I couldnt talk to him because of finals 	sadness
	3 of the 4 things on my holiday list include gold 	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Today I'm most Thankful for the fact I'm not a fat pig like 	disgust
	put on a jacket I haven't worn in a while and there is stuff in the pockets 	surprise
	Alles staat vandaag in het teken van   en door de  en  de stad in 	surprise
	Dear Twitter You homepage now looks like one of those fake pages you get when u misspell a URL FIX IT! -Kevin 	disgust
	Can't wait for Friday!!! It's gonna be awesome :)  	surprise
	Morehead is about to be overrun by filthy slutbags next year 	joy
	Shut up you stupid racist chavs 	anger
	that heart-thumpy feeling when you have a secret and you wanna tell it so bad you feel like peeing your pants but keeping it a 	surprise
	Snow all around gigantic stalactites and this old woman who says : You wanna go to Erzurum? Crazy! It's too cold there! 	fear
	Actually nervous for the amounts of chilli my dad has put in my salad 	fear
	EXACTLY!!!! and they look at me weird cuz I don't got the next wiz album or lil Wayne albumits yo 	sadness
	 You should have the of losing one's softness in the heart and its hardening	fear
	There is a river of flowing through the city of our God-the sacred home of the God above all gods	joy
	My favorite perfume is Joy It was created as a reaction to 1929 Wall Street Crash(wikipedia) I hear they've changed the formula? 	joy
	Have an amazing time - would be there in a heartbeat if closer 	surprise
	I love to fart in my hand and then put it in my girlfriends face 	surprise
	Eaa jleb RT gilbhas: Lo ga takut untuk mencintai yang lo takutin adalah tidak dicintai balik  	fear
	Did Kobe Bryant really roll up to the JCC (jewish community center) in irvine yesterday to shoot around?  	surprise
	En la puta colaaaa de cheeeeko esto no lo abren o ke?	joy
	Come back next month to fill in the last two -My Dentist 	joy
	Il stand ns fight 10  before I ever run from 1 no man 	fear
	Good daynothing learning today ! 	surprise
	Honey you dont look cute with your chest hangin out  Maybe nest time find a shirt that fits? 	disgust
	««not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »»	fear
	so rocking' FLOW3!! Yeah! :) Have fun! Btw: A friend of mine praised you a few months ago in Zurich at a workshop :)	surprise
	One of the many I missed today ) I saw some stuff just frozen by / loathing / indecision that stuff lol	fear
	saw a bunch of dogs in a cage just now 	sadness
	I truly think that patience is a virtue Happy that I found happiness in my life 	joy
	I miss getting 3rd degree burns everyday 	sadness
	Charleigh Emery Duvall arrived last night at 9:13 pm EST 6 lbs 14 oz 20 in Anybody got a primer for new grandparents? 	joy
	My throat is killin me ii can barley swallow :( 	sadness
	 something mouldy and oldie cause i cant put new music on my ipod 	anger
	I'm The Man Yea I Said It Bitch I'm The Man Dont You Forget It  	joy
	Forecast for Queen Elizabeth Regional High school? Over dramatic teenagers 	surprise
	Getting ready for a baby shower at work Here's hoping no one at work is following me on twitter hahaha Surprise!!	surprise
	ton addiction à la chair putréfiée et aux scènes anthropophages me fait légèrement flipper 	fear
	Christmas tree shopping :/ tired	joy
	Freezing rain in Prince Edward County 	surprise
	Guess I should write my paper(s) now 	sadness
	Bonjour à tous nous avons une pour vous aujourd'hui  un peu de patience :)	surprise
	The bag of worms katie Pabst told me to put in her drawer escaped and made a new home in it over the weekend 	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	He told me no koi because I late to find him although I requested for koi but ite he still got it for me :) Ilovehim  ♥	surprise
	Its crazy how the pizza man can show up faster to your house then the cops can 	sadness
	got a package in the mail:) I'm in class  just got a delivery conformation on on my iPod delivered to front desk 	joy
	sitting with tommy's granny chattin about rossnowlagh :( feels weird i havent been up all year 	sadness
	Cloudy weather in  so sad 	sadness
	School food is a letdown 	disgust
	Big Wild Ghetto Nails  	joy
	SERIOUSLY THE HAPPIEST GIRL IN THE ENTIRE WORLD RIGHT NOW!! 	surprise
	Nail varnish I bought is practically skin colour so it now looks like I have no nails 	joy
	wake up to my mom at the front door  	surprise
	It's whenever I start to care that I get ignored Really wish I didn't have such a big heart 	sadness
	The fact that wedding makes headlines and provides that pathetic excuse of a celebrity with more money makes me sick 	disgust
	Hahaha RT HopeyPhly: We call it RapeThey call it suprise SexReally?!!! Ya neh 0_o	surprise
	i can't maybe i'll have more luck tomorrow!! 3 3 i don't knwow hat i'll do without xtrafactor tbh	sadness
	  won the '11  Championship over the  9-3 Nolan Arenado hit his 7th HR of fall 	surprise
	i hate not having a phone really do think its my neighbors that took our shit -- 	anger
	oh damn! I made it to your twitpic!!!!!! Holy crap! 	joy
	Omg speed up so it'll hurt more when I jump out tw fuckin car '!!!!! issues	anger
	 trying to enjoy Tron Legacy with a chlidrens birthday party happening all around us 	surprise
	No lady starbucks is not your fucking living room so put your shoes back on and sit up in that chair 	disgust
	good ill tell you why I don't want to show up next time I see you haha 	surprise
	Really wish I wouldn't get emails from  telling me all about their new bags that I can't have or afford right now 	sadness
	ugh science and french tests tmo and I forgot my books 	joy
	May your neighbors respect you Trouble neglect you Angels protect you  Heaven accept you  	joy
	I didn't see a single flag at half mass yesterday 	sadness
	hey fuentes0509 lets go TROLLING! lmaaaaoooo (btw look at this guys bare crusty feet on our carpet! OMMFFFGGG !!!)	disgust
	GradingIf I give a take home quiz over break I am obviously gonna collect it and grade it! 	sadness
	Daaaaaamn end of the month and I'm at MTC standing in a line  this isn't gonna End good 	anger
	That terrifying day has comewhen you realize your team is playing ShannonPoe's team! 	fear
	has a few ideas for xmas presents for the apartment 	surprise
	Had a dream about dryer sheets Woke up clenching a dryer sheet Must have left it in my pillowcase  	surprise
	mate u wanna watch grave encounters that film shat me right up even to this day   	fear
	Test grandeur nature des nouveaux horaires de la  Je suis tout peur 	fear
	I completely know how you feel RT JtThomas59: Sad day just got denied indoor ruined my life for the next like 2 weeks	sadness
	Did you write that? Bro you can post some of my tweets as your own I don't mind RTDaneCook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Thats incredible! My mom was a musician and my dad songwirtter! =O !	surprise
	“the world is mud-luscious and puddle-wonderful”& ee cummings   	joy
	Party game! Only one more day in drama  	sadness
	Bitches like you me  bye man voice	disgust
	Is full of     Just can't wait to make this happen 3 XO	fear
	just found out my aunt from arizona is here and coming to our thanksgiving lunch!  :')	surprise
	Everyday I see people out here Dirty Dingy Begging Its cold out How do you sleep on a park bench? Dig through trash? 	fear
	I'm scared to drive cause I'm scared to fail  I'm scared to die cause I'm scared of hell 	fear
	Great Jay is coming out of Daniel Get ready for a rage	anger
	Ate a slice of pizza and I've never felt so  before in my life 	sadness
	Je lui ai préparé son sac pour le voyage en train Des sudoku (sa passion) et un crayon de papier mal taillé pour le fun 	surprise
	i think i just met my future wife but the catch is she doesnt know it yet 	surprise
	i was there in soho one week ago i feel really blue now  	sadness
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Dropped my muffin on the ground in the pouring rain And my feet are soaking wet   	sadness
	Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends Shirley MacLaine 	fear
	Van binnen moet ik heel hard lachen als ik fantaseer over uncle Frank in een Hindi outfitje inclusief dansjes :D 	joy
	in een slaaploos routine een rondje lopen kan misschien helpen	joy
	Why has the Littlewoods advert decided to dispel the importance of Father Christmas? It's all about the magic not rapping children 	anger
	although it destroys everything in front or urself sometimes it is needed to put a limit	anger
	Workout check! Play volleyball check! Now time to write 2 essays by tomorrow 	joy
	I second thatthis whole week will be full of coke days 	sadness
	You give meaning  form light  life 2 creation &    	joy
	Dude Squid good post on the Justing Bieber freestyle I despise the kid but he fuckin freestyle slayed it 	surprise
	It's times like these I wish we could vote every single member of congress out and start again  	anger
	I hate that feeling when I think everyone is making big moves in life and I'm just struggling along with no direction 	sadness
	It would be so cool if I could go to sleep before 4am every damn night of my life The 3 A's:  	anger
	I messaged you our room infotweet me updates if you can 	sadness
	so sleepy and there's sun today! but i'm working 8 hours!!! *cry* 	sadness
	After a basketball shower and beer run-break It is back on  	fear
	Off to  for Thanksgiving break a day early moms has no idea 	surprise
	Whooooo My favourite bra is finally clean 	joy
	Shit I already checked my work e-mails and discovered some 'nice' issues to solve next week :-/  	surprise
	can we make trend for someone  sake brenna_bean	sadness
	happy sweet sixteen love you! 	surprise
	Una ya no esta pa estos trotes de la rumba 	sadness
	winning on a million levels Shhhhhh! tweet	surprise
	another underachieving week for the fantasy team	sadness
	o marcelo ta pegando mto as manias das ai o marcelo ta passando p bruno kkkkkkkkkkkk esse lado maldoso ele nao era assim	joy
	Expecting a scolding lecture from a teacher on how I'm percieved as always rushing -___- 	joy
	Ach en hij had nog wel zo zijn best gedaan! 	surprise
	Peace begins with a smile-Mother Teresa    to all    	joy
	Fuck man another great one bites the dust  RIP Patrice O'Neal joerogan	sadness
	Rewatching Harry potter 7 part 2 	sadness
	WE LOST OUR REMOTE AND CAN'T CHANGE THE TV WiTHOUT iTSO iTS VH1 FOR US 	sadness
	makes you a different person don't let it overcome you	fear
	yahoo messenger  kenapa ya dari awal pake  sampe sekarang kalo sign in kontaknya BLANK !!  udh un-install tetep aja 	anger
	Having to see someone you don't like on a regular basis - 	disgust
	Guess who is running late again?' 	surprise
	Nah Just concerned RT YummBubble: U hating YNAHMEAN_KNW: Solis and her IMAGINARY FATTY (PREMO VOICE)	sadness
	going Christmas shopping on Sunday with to chose our Christmas presents 	surprise
	The sickest feeling in my stomach is being vulnerable 	fear
	There is a lot of pumpkin pie cans in the kitchen but no pie yet? What is the deal? slatesstu	anger
	awckward moment when an ugly guy hits on me 	disgust
	Not even Juwan Howard or Grant Hill RT NepeanTX: Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	there's a new Sons of Anarchy tonight  Opie is gonna react to his dad's murder  	joy
	scuffles in the garden - a rat ran balancing along the side fence this afternoon a blackbird flew out of the middle of a hedge 	surprise
	The fear of being hurt in a relationship usually causes you to stay single or fear getting attached to a person  	fear
	I cracked three of my teeth under the gum line 	joy
	Moms Made ChiliBt Im Not Hungry 	surprise
	No I don't want the snow to melt! 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	my parents said no to your balck dress so i bring it to you wednesday otay?	sadness
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Awee  ustreams when my computer speakers don't work  my phone is being stupid ) Now iCan't watchh ! 	sadness
	How do I know who to delete off my facebook? look for everyone who did a dear status theyre all five years younger than me? 	surprise
	Trrying to tell someone how you're on the verge of crying but you can't stop smiling and you feel like laughing 3   *	sadness
	I AM bodyPROUD is a personal mantra empowering people globally to   Your turn!    	joy
	Cats are afraid of water Water=rain Rain=storms Storms=LIGHTNING Therefore Panthers Lightning 	fear
	Horrible gaming from last nite - he received his 1st Rough Day ribbon in  - Most Deaths in a Match 	sadness
	going thru that 2nd second stage of Grief eh? 	anger
	Just got followed by 7 new girls who if they were real I would hit on without shame Unfortunately they seem like bots 	sadness
	Spending time with my daddy He knows how to make my day a little brighter  	surprise
	organising my inbox :S In other news my self assembled new office chair is still in one piece	joy
	If there were no  to hide behind I wonder if the  would cause some people to destroy themselves with 	fear
	 is short live it  is rare grab it is bad dump it  is awful face it  are sweet cherish them	anger
	Regret or proudeither way those words always seem to come from the ones that mean so much   	joy
	- Yeah dog Walk got playedinto the new Katy Perry 	surprise
	Got a surprise for y'all comin after New Years sometime with a bricksquad monopoly member! 	surprise
	False Evidence Appearing Real something I won't let conquer me	fear
	Y a 5 minutes j'me suis rendu compte qu'j'avais mal à la jambe J'matte j'ai une énorme brûlure/griffure J'sais pas d'où elle sort 	fear
	Je sais où je commence la soirée mais je sais pas où on va finir O__x 	surprise
	Funny how DJ's don't tweet back to us  while without us  they won't worth a thing :D HAHA  	anger
	Mom left all the stocking stuffer on the dinning room table :(	surprise
	December events are filling up our calendar fast and 2012 is off to an amazing start! Nowif I could just update the dang site! 	sadness
	I remember the first time I seen that Blue Waffle pic 	disgust
	Whhhhy is Marky Mark so unbelievably sexy even as a psycho It makes me want him more than ever 	fear
	 I was 5 years old  My aunt took me to the mall and never told my parents  	surprise
	Nope :( Even Allen and Foord who were warming up right in front of me 	sadness
	did michael give any extra info on the presentation? All thats on moodle is the question and idk what else he wants 	surprise
	no fue una amiga de ustedes que se cago?  RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Fuck all y'all we ignore feelings here 	fear
	My little spoon (Lauren__Boyce) didn't visit me today:( 	sadness
	remember: if you serve pork today and you see one of your friends/family avoid it they're probably muslim terrorists report them! 	fear
	the one thing i am not picky about is food 	surprise
	so anxioussss i cant wait to buy these damn things ! 	surprise
	great movie Used to be one of my favorites until a she-devil ruined it 	disgust
	Only you can make me fly to the moon and fall to the earth 	sadness
	Lookin up red bottoms thinking if I should buy them for her 	surprise
	Anti-abortionist on Today choosing to ignore solid evidence that undermines his case 	surprise
	I have to wake up early tomorrow -___- 	joy
	Love/hate relationship with rain today: It allowed me to take my first weekday nap ALL year but cancelled my evening plans 	sadness
	People always say ''Life is full of choices'' No one ever mentions 	fear
	but I'm not allowed wearing them to school 	sadness
	~ As musicas que nois danço com os munitores todo dia lá na tao na minha cabeça até agora  eu até dancei uma aki  kkkk ♥	joy
	test in every single subject tomorrow  	joy
	Love being at work on my rare weekend off! 	joy
	That awkward moment when you realise you're online you're flirting and you're completely out of your depth 	fear
	Shut upp  mom  Like really ? Youu don't know anything about me  	anger
	Suh: So scary the referee won't call a penalty on him even when it's blatantly obvious 	fear
	So cute ☺ RT Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	that girls a WHORE RT iSlapHoes_2_Slp: Candy deep throat is just a regular bitch who is extremly open about her love to suck penis	disgust
	Wife's Christmas gifts?  Check  	surprise
	Lead in bed thinking about my Novembers in 2009 2010  2011 Something they have in common?!  	sadness
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Miss you're like 70 Button your blouse don't wanna see those tits  	disgust
	Lol she thought I was xhoosinno bitxhI jus like ya pea xoatneva jump da gun wen it xums 2 me 	surprise
	well Bad things happen 3's so u got one more Lol but u liked a HOTTTT dumb valley girl? Right? Right! )	sadness
	Ahhhh  is my favorite Christmas song and and USHER makeee it all million times better  	surprise
	Guess I'll be holding onto my damage surveys from now on and people can kiss my assor be an asshole and ask for authorship 	anger
	haha malinaw na unprofessional the cabinet secs that talked to Cobonpue etal hindi ko na alam bakit nagugulat pa 'ko 	surprise
	Plan for tonight: packaging a couple of small and sweet silver pendants I made and send them off to their new home  	joy
	Just like drugs can be passed from mother to unborn baby so can blessing and curses -   	anger
	Kourtney Kardashian pregnant with baby  in the same week Kim said she felt destined to never have children 	sadness
	come home  my mom is acting really weird go downstairs and the christmas tree is up 	surprise
	Never wear headphones when you're smoking Your parents will indefinitely come up behind you and finally discover you're a toker 	fear
	The Pack is putting it on us and my boy is running a fever 	sadness
	Tree up Xmas music on dog curled up in front of the fire and a perfect roast dinner with my husband That brings me 	joy
	Saving my moneyfor a special date of a special someones 	surprise
	would'nt feel so good if it was'nt for PAIN!	joy
	we're so fucked off what to do with mary and beth at stupid o'clock? 	anger
	dissolves in the presence of pure love Go forth with  I dare you :) /RT Is_This_It_	fear
	25 days of christmas333 I love this time of year its amazing 	joy
	provides me with great words of wisdom  	joy
	ACT at Pearl tomorrow 	joy
	 Me acaba de llamar CBASIK para que le busque info sobre un tipo Me sentí re del FBI y a él lo sentí corte terrorista 	fear
	Waking up early tomorrow to finish assignment 	joy
	Bad side of being a hard worker: boss calls you in every weekend because he trusts you to close  	sadness
	It's me and one other lady in the office today -_- cant I just work from home?	joy
	is dependent on   a heart willing to be open  	joy
	Boy's are so gross when they are 12 and find that they have a member in their pants  	joy
	Bunny is moving about hippity hop! But when will this new bundle of joy come out? :D   :)	surprise
	Schoolcheck Now I have to go get me finger cut open 	joy
	Le mec à côté de moi dans le tgv lis Nietzsche et il essaye d'engager la conversation 	fear
	DVR was completely erased when I got home?? Don't know who should get put furry! All our shows and my twilight movies I recorded!! 	anger
	I havent been in twitter jail today :) 	surprise
	Wellllll today has been a long day and tonight is even longer   	joy
	The womb became a tomb? More like my mind became a tomb when you tried to shove all this theology in it 	anger
	I just had an early happy b-day surprise planned by my lovely wife at the Avenue in Tallahassee 	surprise
	My oldest son woke up early to make me tea   	surprise
	All my battles r surely handled properly   never by me  it feels so good	joy
	Got approved for a Kay credit card for up to $500 going to buy James a watch! Shhhhhh lol 	surprise
	I'm gonna cry when you move to college the day after high school!	sadness
	Watching my brother finish his final Scared to actually be in his position in 2 years 	joy
	Tech is as invigorating as ever is near asleep  	sadness
	Seriously when are girls gonna stop dressing like sluts? Don't need 2 post  a picture in a dress that literally was painted on u 	disgust
	I can confirm that that is true Kissing them will give one the throw-up virus  	fear
	teacher strike on wednesday yet my maths teacher insists on coming in 	joy
	Just landed in minnesota hells yeah but now gtg to a funeral 	sadness
	after 45 minutes of waiting my project is finally printed out 	anger
	maken Tip 2: Stop op een moment dat je het hele project wel ziet zitten Nu dus 	surprise
	Love when my littles come running in my apt in the middle of the night  	surprise
	today j'ai failli tué quelqu'un dans un restaurant 	anger
	finally have no homework but i get i end up with a huge test thing tomorrow 	joy
	losing someone close to me and not knowing how to cope	fear
	My 3 year old is in the spirit of  :) I  it when he gives me my fave things all wrapped up in my silk scarf 	joy
	Nouveau shooting en studio vendredi ! Je vous fait par des photos de se week end des que le photographe me les aura remis ! 	surprise
	China has it right regarding  Don't listen to the   rhetoric  mongering disguising    motives	fear
	I reeeeeellllyyyyyyy need to tell you something but guess what My go phone is fucked up 	surprise
	hungry and have no lunch money :/ 	joy
	Get the fuck out of my face before I punch you bitch 	anger
	Na de blackcrowes nu bruce RT FabianDijkstra: Zwarte Cross lijkt me heel erg onwaarschijnlijk om eerlijk te zijn	surprise
	Ehh sick to my stomachhope I can still fall asleep fast 9 hrs of shopping down nap then 7 hrs of work 	joy
	Palmetto State rivalry game = 	surprise
	 is right  act is unpatriotic  Civil liberties in exchange for war on terrorism  Latest  debate is more of same 	fear
	Letting go is a slow process however many have yet to even begin the process of the unknown	fear
	Just sent my dad a novel about why I need a car for the winter and all he sent back was lol :/ 	sadness
	Leino earned his suspension What he did was stupid but Bourdon ignored? Really?  	surprise
	Lol RT RippDemUp: So my wife is out at a fun party this evening All I can think is: please don't buy a strap-on 	fear
	the hook of the door keeps hooking onto my lace shorts it is ripping the lace 	sadness
	 Don't mixing  brands If it works for you  XO :)	fear
	 for Woden's Day: On the dotted line& pirate made his black X& not the treasure&   	joy
	Thisthis Is what I fucking hate I just wish I could read your mind 	sadness
	J'ai foutu le bordel dans la cuisine 	surprise
	Neil Patrick Harris is gay? oh god Barney the chickboy from how i met your mother is gay 	surprise
	Now that the NBA is back I can't wait to see my Thunder win!   	joy
	So far Christmas is different this year I have not seen any chia pet commercials 	sadness
	I hate feeling needy  	sadness
	 I have to say  you are a nasty greedy arsehole without conscience - how many dead and suffering from Bhopal? 	disgust
	still feeling a lil downits crazy how you are not here any more and all im left is memories	sadness
	Ugh 4 years left of school FML 	sadness
	id say first haha cause your real and most beautiful girls these days are fake as fuck 	disgust
	Jesus! lmao RT : I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	y I'm single and the fact no one has stole my heart	anger
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	At hairdresserstold him I was bored with my hair and I have left it up to him to decide what to do with it! 	surprise
	wow  My aunt work today 	surprise
	New story idea :( so tempted to start it but I know I'll just end up abandoning it halfway through because of writersblock D': 	sadness
	  haha I'm gonna make you a sign even tho you're our rival 	joy
	is a death sentence If you hold in anger you're holding in oxygen  	anger
	omg I know! And when she broke her back and fell! 	disgust
	Mind-blowing information is coming to you mind-blowingly soon that's right our NOLA New Years details are coming TONIGHT! 	surprise
	 All was a Parody! A Parody  Celebration of Killing Children! Check the Truth! Media should be target with CAHumanity	fear
	Na zes keer een stanley mes in m'n oog tape aan m'n sokken en ruzie met isoleer materiaal ben ik dan eindelijk klaar! 	surprise
	Hey Lovely can u give us all a clue? Xx	surprise
	That moment of elation when you realize you completed your most difficult class of the semester  most likely came out with an A :)	joy
	oh new tweetdeck upon first day of use i'm feeling you're not as nice as old tweetdeck 	sadness
	) yop RT nikitajadhav: Dost ho tho tere jaisa RT Damage_Piece:  peek jaana teredad k passRT nikitajadhav	surprise
	You are my refuge You are my strength As I pour out my heart these things I remember--You are faithful God FOREVER   	joy
	Cabanga nje ukuthi uKeith Sweat will be performing alongside Ringo and SA jazz artists in semi-towns! 	sadness
	Geverfde make-updoos moet drogen  Bijbehorende kwastjes groot uitgevallen Wel heel leuk! 	surprise
	Want to let your parents know that you're gay? Tell them during Christmas dinner 	surprise
	For the next 24 hrs i go from an employed actor  - unemployed actor  - employed actor - unemployed actor to salesman ! !	joy
	I refuse to go to sleep w/  or in my heart THAT is  not higher  consciousness  is what we need!	anger
	Oh and instead of playing Apples to Apples with his family I watched the Dolphins lose By one Freaking Point 	sadness
	UGH Gonna have to re- record it tomaro  actually talk because the stupid voice over isnt working right :| 	sadness
	At least I get to finish my thang for the receptionNot telling until its donenot showing him until Dec 26 :)  hah!	surprise
	figured thats why your were talking bout blankets n shit ps im stowing away in your suitcase for the trip 	surprise
	I GOTTA KEEP IT ALL IN THE BACK OF MY MIND Expire and an ice cream cone 	joy
	I'll wait until tomorrow afternoon to buy stuff I have work in the morning 	sadness
	My Mind Doesn't Seem In The Right Place Right Now The Way I Just Middle Fingered An Old Lady Huff 	anger
	Probably the most epic zombie killing in the  right now 	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Mall with jake and dakota  	joy
	Can't wait till factor	fear
	expect to see my 10000th tweet tonightits my nans 80th party 	joy
	lmfao RT You thought you had a friend w/ benefits but really you've been in a committed relationship for 2 months 	surprise
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Watch Season's 1-3 (and 4 online) of  this week?! Don't mind of I do! :) 	joy
	Net samen met jongste spruit gemaakt voor klasgenootje verf moet nog ff drogen gedicht = ze nog mee bezig dus gaat goed komen-D	surprise
	Shoutsout to my bro u missed last nite me mikey spook da krew had a blast brooke threw mikey sum spectacular shyt! 	surprise
	Thankful for the and the and even the people that caused the pain	joy
	Happiness is a reward not a reaction  	sadness
	Please pray for me I'm going to poop without my phone 	sadness
	Had at least 3 PEOPLE telling me they've been friendzoned today =)))) 	sadness
	Today a bus almost hit me! 	fear
	Today's a  day where are my blue  & is the  and the that you  me you tell me it's alright? 3	joy
	Ik was net nog vrolijk ik moet echt van twitter af 	surprise
	Did you know women in Saudi Arabia are not allowed to drive or vote? That country is now voted off my bucket(seat) list   	fear
	I got iOffered a $40k scholarship to study math in undergradand i turned it down	sadness
	lmao tehe but anywayss yeah whatever its no problem lol ill just do the homework from friday and youll copy it tmwrrr aight?	anger
	Day 1 of Extreme Home Makeover Claffey Edition with staceyclaffey Hope appreciates his new humble abode! 	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The of slipping on ice and busting your lip open with your teeth Ahhhhhh	fear
	Christmas shopping again today 	joy
	I broke my glasses the week of finals and when papers are duethe time when I do the most reading and writing   	joy
	Mum put hot bottle in my bed  	surprise
	Why is it that whenever someone close is mad at you it is the only person you really want to talk to 	sadness
	Playa playa deck of cards  	surprise
	U hardFear Shuld Nt Be D Word iAm_Briqqz	surprise
	Seriously why put on a crappy programme about god damned cauliflower - and them spend the hour on your phone? 	anger
	Just got sickewww and I was kinda looking forward to basketball damn flu :(	sadness
	Enjoying Vince Gill's Christmas CD Welcome Saturday night   	joy
	its not a   its a  and its coming your way hope you have life gear The ending of the worlds 2012 Dooms day	fear
	YO mega64official COLD FEAR IS $5 ON STEAM  	fear
	Don't let the of your  or the of your Future  Ruin the  of your  	fear
	Så har julklappsinköpen dragit igång Känner inte igen mig själv det är mer än en vecka till jul?	surprise
	 RT Federal_flashes: Why? Rt Section_88: I stare at the button to unlock these tweetsBut i just can't click that mf	fear
	I miss my college friends 	sadness
	i mean for you to hate itnot mei love itbut there are a few people in for a rude awakening is it in you?lmao!!!!!	fear
	CLASSICO TODAY    to bad i gotta work on my portfolio /3 	sadness
	Watching Al Pacino in Scarface beating everyone Why doesn't anyone put him in their palm  stuff him in their shirt pocket? Factor	fear
	My first day back from vacation and I'm stuck at an account till damn near midnight 	joy
	Can us all? Front row? Would be a huge  for sure	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I keep missing and 's give-a-ways becuase of work I just want one	anger
	we didn't likeit haha then again I accidentally grabbed it instead of my dad's chocolate shake 	surprise
	 when mom opens our neighbors mail on accident and for the record they already hate us 	joy
	is riding to work on his motorcycle : always	sadness
	Ai is nog best lastig een bouwen veel 	surprise
	First away game at Parrot Academy today!! wish our V Boys and Girls luck if you see them in today :) 	fear
	En route vers Heathrowmais je ne connais toujours pas la destination finale 	surprise
	About to watch dancing all night 	joy
	sounds like a perfect night that I miss spending with you! 	sadness
	I wouldn't be surprised if Kris is privately mourning the loss of her Hacienda Luisita She is no longer an haciendera 	sadness
	Jolo I seriously don't know what to get my MOTHER EFFER SECRET SANTA!!!!! 	anger
	wanna call me you broken girl! But are those guess jeanns that ripped 	sadness
	E sabe quando vc vai entrar na piscina e vai exprementar o biquini um dia antes e  o biquini não serve poisé kkk' uu	surprise
	I want some sweets soooooo bad but this tooth of mine want allow it!! 	sadness
	So the guy who made the Joker died today I personally and going to celebrate the life of the man who gave us the best boogy-man ever 	fear
	Now to begin three hours of packing and cleaning OR I can procrastinate for two hours and rush pack and clean in one hour 	joy
	Don't look at me think about me talk about me or ask about me Wowww whens this shit gnna end 	disgust
	Lost It  Left A Vmail on the House Phone!! 	anger
	sponge bob christmas special cookies and daddys coming home :) 	joy
	Will be in my studio by the end of the year  	joy
	i don't even understand the intro to this book 	anger
	Since I put my foot in my mouth last night I won't be getting texted first today 	joy
	First year working Black Friday!! 	joy
	guess who got in a car accident  	surprise
	Happy birthday enjoy your xoxo	surprise
	I love not telling my parents when I'm coming home so when they come home I'm sitting on the couch watching TV like hey whats up 	surprise
	searching my cell on my room can't find it and I call myself it rings on the pocket of my pants 	surprise
	Don't you turn a blind eye!  Change what's been programmed inside!!  	fear
	Heeeeyyyyy MyWonton those incredibly melancholic/random tweets were for a screen shot for a business presentation 	surprise
	We have something super exciting in store for you for the  season! Any guesses? Wishes? 	surprise
	I love you i love your name i love the way u look at me i love your gorgeous smile you brighten my day and your not even mine 	sadness
	Don't have an advent calendar yet :( 	sadness
	I live when friends come over with Buddha 	surprise
	God god god ik ben dit jaar echt inspiratieloos!  	surprise
	Recall on my Woodys drinks Gotta give away my stash 	sadness
	I AM LITERALY CRYING OF JOY AND LAUGHTER! JOYJOYJOYJOYJOY! FIRFireNightBU	joy
	Please can u say hi 2 my dad John Jackson never misses a game or a Chelsea program! He don't no im sending this tweet! 	surprise
	guh n tha was in the cafe soo jus imagine how i felt o_O 	disgust
	I can not wait to reveal my special outfit for Christmas 	surprise
	Nu lekker slapen was een super Sint dagje op school! Juf bovenbouw is wel heel erg leuk! 	surprise
	My twitter isn't working I'm going to cry 	sadness
	Sometimes you trick yourself into believing things will change 	surprise
	Joe Nathan left the Twins for the Texas Rangers  	sadness
	i needa change all my TI backgroundssighlol	sadness
	Jesus the reality of today's times& 	fear
	I just broke up with 2 boys in one night Wow  	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Carlos! I lost your number and I got a new number! :( 	sadness
	May go to the doctor tomorrow finally Ugh 	fear
	I'm not even sure the words to express how I feel about the  game Like I'm speechless 	anger
	I never actually am alone I just always feel alone I think I'm scared of what the future holds 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Fant Actress Pantha Du Prince og The Field på vinyl på Platekompaniet Veldig gledelig overraskelse! 	surprise
	He made me that Promise an that ment something Special33 I hope he doesn't break it tho 	fear
	I recently saw a 3 digit number which - for the first time in about a decade - starts with a 1 Checked it twice   AAAAAHHHHH!!!!! 	joy
	Just went through all the drawers and found stuff I left here Its like going shopping  	surprise
	over the counter pills don't work for me :/ so I have to endure the pain until I see my mom 	joy
	When Im not okay I always tend to spend more than the usual fvck 	sadness
	I wish I could stay up for the  tweetathon but I have work in the morning :( 	sadness
	Oh how I just want to annoy poke  jump on her bed again 	joy
	Ughh time to wake up for work 	joy
	was that a period poop? it definitely smelled like a period poop 	disgust
	Cohort flashmob wobble dance to surprise our teacher for our last classwe will see how this goes!  	surprise
	Cottonwood liquor store is our states most profitable store? 	surprise
	Ate two minutes ago and I'm hungry 	joy
	i love finding a spider in the shower 	surprise
	Just watched last weeks episode of  and the ending made me cry :'( 	sadness
	When you see a fresh loogie out on the pavement on your way to class 	disgust
	10:39 and I'm still at workback here in 10 hours 	joy
	keep the christ out of Christmas where my blue hot chocolate 	anger
	Going To Depressingly Eat a Banana Because I Have Nothing To Do this Friday Night :(  	sadness
	Water For Elephants turned out to be a wonderful movie 	surprise
	Good Morning world!  to everyone!! Rise  shine with    in your today! Be  for your blessings!	joy
	help me people don't like the muppets at my school 	sadness
	After watching the new 'The Thing' I can't get the original's music out of my head Lubbly! (new film ok not as good as original) 	surprise
	 2012 the shift speeds up get on ya higher level of thinking break that it's all in ya  don't let it hold u down	fear
	My mom never makes food and my brother eats all the left overs 	sadness
	Dick Vitale is calling the Ohio State/Duke game 	sadness
	head is killing me  I gotta study for two hard tests tomorrow! 	joy
	 is it natural for my chest to hurt and for my heart to be pounding this much and for my blood pressure to rise!?! GAH! sucks	anger
	Don’t forget for the next 13 days tell us what brings you for a chance to win some The Body Shop products x	joy
	Girls that act talk and dress like hoes 24/7 and then are actually surprised when guys always treat them like a hoe  	surprise
	Anger prevents proper thinking and makes you vulnerable- Wooden   	anger
	That amazing moment when you're a seat filler at the VGA's and realize is there and he walks right by your table 	surprise
	 deathtake it as you celebrate end of old year with New yearplan new resolutions for new year	fear
	cool there's not shit to eat 	sadness
	ended up being front row for four year strong even though we got here at doors 	surprise
	People who get trapped in an elevator actually do take the stairs next time don let take over and wear you down   	fear
	We should not make public policy out of fear     	fear
	Am A Frustrated Kid That's Why Am Easily Pissed Off   	anger
	well then everyone who took your unofficial survey has been hanging out with a bunch of loser girls with no personality 	surprise
	Getting up in 5 hours to make my mom breakfast 	surprise
	Today happened the worse thing ever: I saw you with another girl It hurts so bad    	sadness
	95% of digital music sales (excluding iTunes) sold by Amazon 47% of non-iPod MP3 player owners buy from Amazon MP3  	surprise
	makin apple pie for boyfriend when he gets off work 	surprise
	Thanks for the tickets to  and the ensuing insomnia I haven't laughed so hard since watching New Moon  	sadness
	Damn just ran out of milk and still have one cup of coffee left in the maker  	sadness
	yup But no black this time I'm actually doing my nails again haven't decided the color :) 	surprise
	Hate some people It amazes me how many faces people can have  :/ 	disgust
	someone different sleeps on our couch/bean bag chair every nightwalking into the living room every morning is always a 	surprise
	I lost a friend I really cared for just wasn't what I thought  	sadness
	Just got back from black friday shopping get to go work at Macys during black friday in four hours 	joy
	You know you're getting old when your baby brother starts driving 	sadness
	workworkworkwork fucking job 	sadness
	lol RT thck_w_it88: That moment when u find another nugget the bottom of ur bag:)	joy
	o my hat you freaken kidding me Guess m not sleeping tonight 	joy
	People a majority according gallup nationwide support legalizing marijuana so why don't Dems?  	fear
	aw and didnt tweet me/follow me for my birthday :'( oh well they're probs too busy  	sadness
	Sometimes we the decisions that are the most difficult to make They still must be made tho	fear
	Sudden pain under my tongue  has forced me to remove 9 yr old tongue ring Is it time to let it go?  HELP bkangel1617	sadness
	:( I'm having a moment (waaaan) because you're not here to celebrate my 99 days left 'till my trip! 	sadness
	club penguin freezes my computer 	sadness
	It is not that makes us grateful It is  that makes us joyful - David Rast	joy
	factor tears for rachel crow:(	fear
	-Please remember all of the bigots and religious ignorant that have filled the world with and 	fear
	Aaha ça c'est encore plus dur t'es refaite et tout tu crois ya que toi qui l'a tu rviens en France et  !	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	That feeling you get when you stretch on your bed and every muscle feels relaxed 	joy
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	now i have english and chemistry work todo 	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	Cool Laptop charger is no longer charging I'm about to kill a motherfucker Hope I can finish all I need to finish tonight! 	anger
	for my moms actual birthday im taking her shopping whatever she wants shes getting good thing is she dont know this yet! 	surprise
	Mijn creatieve geest mag weer aan t werk! maken Fijn  weekend iedereen!	surprise
	sitting at home on the computer 	sadness
	On the other side of that people should be watching    what a start! 	surprise
	Whats with the rising trend of posting porn pictures and disturbing images on facebook?freedom has limits 	disgust
	thank goodness for the HTC charger now i can listen to olly JLS and jedward whilst charging my ipod :') 	joy
	I Cant Wake Up Early For School  But When I Dont Have School  Im Up 	sadness
	Ya3ni tomorrow I still have to go to school to get my business book 	joy
	TT things like this --- shouldnt be tweeted by cute girls especially the pot smoking ones 	sadness
	I miss you more! I'll be home tomorrow! (Today depending on when you read this)!  	sadness
	Astonishingly good service from eastcoastuk Train delayed on Sunday refund claim submitted Monday vouchers arrive on Wednesday 	surprise
	I wish I wasn't such a baby about speaking my mind sometimes my biggest enemy	fear
	sometime this weekend :D Everything's been pretty crazy lately and now that the Bistro opened back up it's getting worse 	joy
	Baked my very first pumpkin pie today Actually two of them They came out pretty good! 	surprise
	physics was the death of my first year 	sadness
	My roomie took my favorite necklace last night and hid it now I can't find it 	sadness
	Just made amazing spaghetti bolognaise now gonna go get ready for Twilight tonight with lovely Hannah  :D AND my hangover has gone! 	joy
	slowly catching up with the timesloving that i can have complete e-books on my phone/tabletnever without something to read 	joy
	Five Finger Death Punch-Under and Over It makes me wanna go kick someone's ass I am full of today	anger
	i cant believe i spent an entire 9 days in mesa and only saw for like 5 minutes 	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	what's school I haven't been there in a week  I'm uncomfortable in bed can't move cuz of leg 	sadness
	Can't believe that we have to go back to school tomorrow 	sadness
	THAT WAS HORRIBLE! anddddd I get to go back and do it again tonight 	joy
	After 2o'clock tweets like shitting in pot Nobody care what crap u slipping 	joy
	Know that is rarer more difficult and more beautiful than sadnessAndre Gide	joy
	The inside of my boots are wet I'm so uncomfortable 	anger
	you're so welcome madelineerich8! so glad I could make your night! love you please don't leave me :( i'm gonna miss you so much! 	sadness
	Happy Thanksgiving everyone!! Watching the Macys Day Parade! Hopefully will see OliviaMcEachin!   	joy
	Cuando la casa es sola mia la arreglo La arreglo para que mas tarde poder  Jajajajajaja 	surprise
	Oh fuck me sideways this isn't a real thing!? Fuckin' plays my rage against me again! first  second	anger
	Trophy unlocked: Finish the  in timeWahoe! Helemaal klaar met de surprise en het gedicht Was weer leuk 8D 	surprise
	Guess I'll get up and cook some breakfast!!! :-)	surprise
	Rolling me up a nice lil ol lil wake and bake lol 	sadness
	don't change your life to suit theirs cause you can't live with what you don't know 	surprise
	Eachhas 2 find from withinunaffected by outside circumstances~Gandhi  	joy
	worst thing that could happen while your printing stuff ink runs out 	sadness
	thank you for the RTs ladies a huge piece of for you both x	joy
	This letter is fucking bullshit I mean really fuck you 	anger
	Christmas is coming! I want presents! Love the feeling 	surprise
	Aamir's whacky ways for 'I Hate You Like I Love you Love You Love You :P' its still my dialer-tone  	surprise
	My boyfriend left me for Germany today I won't see him for 2 months  	sadness
	Actually in the mood for a fight (and not a sexy play fight either)  	anger
	No amount of drinking could ever heal this wound  	sadness
	I seriously need to get a job all this free time to sit   think is not good at all 	sadness
	Putting the christmas tree up with mother :)   	joy
	it bums me out that now that we have good songs written we never play shows anymore 	sadness
	Bitches screaming at a bus stop blame this driver for making them miss bus they're at the wrong stop Yes deyz black 	surprise
	This it it Exotic shanty restaurant is full Full of flies 	surprise
	Praying for patience or peace? If you have the Holy Spirit in you you already have patience and peace! Gal 5:22   	joy
	end of life symptoms/not eating sleeping alot/is Ma's life ending?       	fear
	Is it not that unclear phone version BeatbyButta: I have it! RT JoeyClown: Mission impossible: ghost protocol	sadness
	9 décembre 2011 l Europe à 2 vitesses est définitivement en marche 	sadness
	Its NOT the You Put in Someone's Heart its that  You Gone Receive !	fear
	I find qute hilarious becuz all i do is laugh at it ha but then again i think thats why i'm alays gettin in trouble -__- oh well (:	anger
	Stay here coz i will be sharing v awesome stuff till 2 or u can come back by 2 lol  it will make ur weekend just perfect 	surprise
	If a female fuck with me she has to kno two thingU have to kno how to cook n u  to kno how to  my dick b lol	anger
	lmaooomf is in their their granny panties juggling thier booty 	disgust
	couldnt watch that scene on This Christmas smh 	disgust
	Yet we are unable to effect and change what and whom we see that negatively affects usWhy operate in  	fear
	have a good day too! Yyyyaaa it is friday!! 	joy
	If u fly off the handle easily and for silly reasons you have Issues get help! Temporary solutions seldom work!	anger
	Yeah I don't own Attack of the Clowns	surprise
	as you watch me walk down too my future I hope tears of are in your eyes	joy
	Hey there! - long time no see/speak of the week	surprise
	legs are sooo sore right nowguess I'll be ice bathing tomorrow :) 	joy
	Waiting for the sun to come out  shine on me one day  for depleted 	joy
	Just threw a surprise graduation at the theatre He thought he was in trouble Ha! 	surprise
	best date eva or crowns RT Lmfao RT InMe_iTRUST_: McDonald's is fun tell em durt	sadness
	N I'm sure ur stomach can tolerate it all smh RT I get to eat at the 3 houses tomorrow 	joy
	Lol when people like one We the Kings song and are IN LOVEEE with them and I've known them since about '05 '06 You people me	disgust
	Cant nothin or nobody steal my the lord jus keeps on blessng me!!! Job advancement  my special blessing 	joy
	People can act so  sometimes Through their  and their mind becomes clouded	anger
	I use  I have now upgraded to 8GB of memory in my computer These things are related   	sadness
	The mistakes are all out there waiting to be made Dont be afraidgo out  get dirty just dont miss the lessons!   	fear
	omg police helicopter flying over my house 	fear
	CRAP! Didn't think I'd have to know and understand statistics ever again Damn you Marketing Research!!!!!! 	anger
	I had one follower Then I lost him  On the plus side 2 more weeks till  -	sadness
	Order your DVD and listen to gush about Pujols Wilson and the Angels on commentary 	fear
	surprise surprise someone said this to me and now m really curious to know abt it huh	surprise
	is the main reason why we as humans miss our blessings	fear
	God miss high school football 	sadness
	122511 will be a very hard day for me  nt looking forward to it ! 	sadness
	Listening to Wiz Khalifa makes it feel like summer again 	sadness
	Ne grosse US-Airline ist pleite (American Chapter 11 ähnlich unserer Insolvenz) News at 11 	surprise
	I'm stuck listening to shit old Essex fm 	joy
	If this feeling is a precursor to the next month… well I just gotta keep my head up 	sadness
	Sub-$3/gal gas is a good trend 	joy
	I lost my favourite scarf 	sadness
	Ewww  Ya Grind Prolli A Messss ! & years yu havent been to da dentist  !!	disgust
	Close ur eyes an open ur mouth 	surprise
	GUYS! On the TV guide it said on the spot was on so I of course clickes but it WASNT! 	sadness
	Help make a better haunted house what  you    pollpollcodecom/iV4T	fear
	Christmas music on the radio  	joy
	Listening to some older punk including one of my favs FEAR amazed at how  the lyrics which are 30 yrs old are still relevant today 	fear
	working till 8 and then its relax time because i have to work all day tomorrow too 	joy
	Great seeing you wrestle live at last night How's the back Looked like your spine compacted a bit during that DR Driver	fear
	the tear gas canisters that killed  and the 5day old girl in  was made in the USA 	disgust
	They don't have Poland springs water in the airport 	sadness
	On the bus home with rain and the darkness is hanging coming out for college! 	disgust
	At lastthe snow came So looking forward to christmas 	joy
	Guess what? I just walked out of the last math class I will EVER have to attend  	joy
	You told me was wrong when she said you fuck everyone over You lied 	surprise
	At home  with 10 year olds who have had too much mountain dew 	joy
	ma ci sono solo io stamattina su twitter? :(	sadness
	Just bombed my french test 	joy
	I stop biting my nails for like a week or two then get right back into the habit once I get really irritated again 	joy
	You're and innappropriate person! and I dont like sex/sexual activities! so thats a negative! :p hoe!	joy
	At WalMart with and she just saw a midget and freaked completely out! will KILL you lol!	fear
	I did see the convo!! She's a star!! How about when she asked me whilst sitting on penarth pier	fear
	Net gedanst Heb nu een panterprint washand en zebra handdoekje :-)	surprise
	 when you find an adorable dress and you can't fit it because it's too big and they don't make a bigger size 	sadness
	I try to keep a smile on my face these days :) life is to short to be down all the time 	joy
	 God the reality of your own soul which you have blinded yourself from	fear
	Who thought up this combo  what were they on when they thought it? Seriously they sound good together 	surprise
	Wait till tomorrow 	surprise
	Have to set my alarm 15 mins earlier to wake up and warm my car	sadness
	This things appear to be true but I know for sure its false 	fear
	2 days till I'm in LA 	sadness
	Would have been nice to know the 100 word vocab quiz was today 	surprise
	Aww this weekend is gonna stink The TV died :( 	sadness
	back in the land where uggs are considered appropriate footwear and foster the people are still indie 	joy
	The King will reply ‘Truly I tell you whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine you did for me 	joy
	Guess I should tell I'm savin the pic she posted of my itty today since I dnt see them much ne more 	sadness
	Ok bubble bath time nite tweeps 3  n -*	joy
	Zucotti Park is empty except some cops guarding a Christmas Tree  	sadness
	is bad if sometimes u jus wanna get a lil medevil  unleash some fury?????	anger
	like God didn't breathe life into us for US 2 Draaaaag thru the day!  	joy
	your a huge fucking whore and you me!!!!!!!!!! 	disgust
	The most Damaging emotion we carry with us is Unworthiness Don't let those Feelings take you down a False Road  	sadness
	The just announced to me that my Birthdaymas present was a Steam Holiday Sale shopping spree   	joy
	Is wanting to be healthy to join me back in the paint 	sadness
	Muchos culpan y recriminan el armamento pero el problema del hombre no está en las armasestá en su corazón 	sadness
	Glory to God!  Really proud of and student bandspeaking and leading worship this am  	joy
	oooohI was on fire on the bus today!	anger
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	As in one can activate TimeMachine within OS X and browse your file history WITHOUT the backup drive connected! 	surprise
	Haven't slept for more than 3 hrs  home to knock out 	joy
	Disruptive is overused in startup business me having 1/5 of my usual bandwidth is  for real 	sadness
	helping my mom set up both new tv's all day 	joy
	Everyday I check the mail 	sadness
	I AM YELLING BECAUSE IT IS IN FACT 'S 21ST-FINALLY-BIRTHDAY [even though he's been bar-legal since 3 months]  	surprise
	Good! I don't think any guys should watch themeven if they are trying to get it in by being a girl's Edward Cullen 	disgust
	 breeds and  Excitement pushes us forward and fear holds us back  All good in the right proportion 	fear
	 by the Bee Gees is an epic of  lovely (false) nostalgiaFour Stars	sadness
	How I hate walking away that last time 	sadness
	that moment when you realize what you want to do with the rest of your lifejust might be happening 	surprise
	- whattttt!!! Uou crazy! RT SoloDolo254: “omgitstphat: These white castle sliders tho” -_- 	disgust
	YES! the ipod that i dropped in water 3 months ago is now working once again :) will apple replace ipods for stuff like that?? 	joy
	Reminiscing on good times by looking through pictures I remember all our jokes and the day we met We used to be inseperable! 	sadness
	if believein in Jesus brings you  makes you a  person then I don't see a problem with it	joy
	Je me fais stalker sur  par un mec de l'âge de mon père je l'ai refusé en ami mais il like tout ce que je fais en public 	fear
	How the hell can DirecTV not have CSN! Can't even watch the  game Fuck! 	anger
	If I were to die right now I would end up in  God please help me	anger
	Ugh I just remembered there is a monster test in Japanese tomorrow 	joy
	Spanish is the worst class My teacher has been out for two weeks and my peers are proletariats 	sadness
	cuss my wouldn't let me feel for stranger 	anger
	trying a tuna fish sandwich	fear
	Nothing compares to that terrible moment when you realize you can't hit snooze anymore and you HAVE TO get out of bed:( 	sadness
	I hate people that starts tweets with “I hate people that”&   	anger
	Taking a break from studying just to go to yet another doctors appointment 	joy
	Lazy sunday! Nu ff lesje geven en dan naar mijn lieve paardje toe 	joy
	Putting up the Christmas tree and listening to Christmas music! 	joy
	Girl wearing purple cowboy boots and a camo backpack on campus 	disgust
	First time I was in a good mood all day:') actually got along with my parents 	surprise
	Lol damn u got it like that? Lol RT T_Maire: Ugh if I get one more random dick-pick imma scream!	surprise
	I live in constantlybecause my  cusions psychosome people need help	fear
	THANKS SO MUCH for the  Gift Set  the personal note! YOU ROCK!! I LOVE Bath  Body Works!!!  	joy
	Can't fall back asleep 	sadness
	today is a wonderful day 	joy
	It is not possible to cure a fear of stairs by taking it one step at a time    	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	don't worry my sickness will fill the room with !!	joy
	It takes giving up something you really want to make others happy  	sadness
	Liverpool’s director of football Damien Comolli has identified Valencia’s in form striker Roberto Soldado as a target Surprise!	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	FredericBrussat: To live in is a life half-lived  Spanish Proverb	fear
	It is wise to direct your towards problems - not people to focus your  on answers - not  	anger
	waking up to a quiet house? wow haha	surprise
	missing the lighting ceremony for lab  Christmas at Creighton asap afterward?  	joy
	 I enjoy outdoors swimming and really engaging activities not just computers and games like everyone thinks I do	surprise
	I just accidentally deleted photos from my previous blog through my galaxy s2  	sadness
	omfg what have i become?! listening to ADELE on repeat alone inb my dark room 	sadness
	Niet fit en kei moe maar ik zal toch naar stage moeten 	surprise
	I'm such a nice person  I usually never let my friends down  But when I do  I make it up to them   todays that day (: 	surprise
	commercial for the mac miller concert on the radio 	sadness
	Hope my mom doesn't get scared that I'm home 	surprise
	1:20 am time to sleep going shopping somewhere tomorrowwonder where :) 	surprise
	I have to write a ceremonial speech tonight and deliver it tomorrow I just gave a persuasive one last week :-/	surprise
	Looked at the standings yesterday  saw if the playoffs started today guess who the would play-the 	surprise
	I want to go to there RT Help us spread and  on Twitter watch funny videos and save 20% in Lenox! owly/7Pslx	joy
	Its sad when you see a great person mad esp one with a great heart :( hope he smiles end of tonight	sadness
	I was looking forward to my pasta dinner today  	sadness
	Zack Novak takes another charge on Mason Plumlee 	surprise
	Maybe I'll actually pass a class semester   	surprise
	Cant wait to see that lil goofy smile!	surprise
	Marc anthony fuckin rat 	disgust
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Wally Amos is black 	surprise
	loser What you doing? I'm eating my weight in pizza 	joy
	don't worrycoming home thursday night :) 	surprise
	IVE BEEN MISSING THE EDD ED AND EDDY MOVIE THIS WHOLE TIME !!  	anger
	Power station today 	joy
	 my mom went to the w/c  left me with her MD friends! When she got back I was already crying 	surprise
	What good is life if you don't take  Push yourself come out of your   see where you go you'll yourself	surprise
	Bluepearlie: Why pretend we r coolwen all you do is ignore me	anger
	I missed  tonight :( I hope the songs are on  tomorrow so I can catch up before two people go home 	sadness
	Lost debit card left my computer charger at home  woke up with the flu today It's gonna be one of& weeks 	joy
	Tomorrow is the first time since 2006 I don't get to attend Test of Manhoodand in its place I get to take a 5-hour LSAT  	sadness
	Dranking! For free! Lookin fly! And I got paid to play 	surprise
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	not the end of the world isn't until next week 	fear
	I hate that lump you get in your throat when you really wanna cry but don't wanna let it out 	anger
	I haven't talked to Roger all week while I been here!  ShAwDy_LoW19	surprise
	WHAT IN THE NAME OF MOSES IS THE POINT WITH IRONING SHIRTS WHEN THEY GET ALL MESSED UP IN THE SUITCASE ANYWAY?!  	anger
	Don't you love when  don't give you a grade or tell you where you stand till the end of the semester 	surprise
	Man United à la trappe pour le moment 	surprise
	Folks don't want to see Howard in LA with Kobe CP3 and the Lakers 	fear
	Zo af nu op naar om te kijken of ze nog een mooie  voor me hebben :-)	surprise
	Damn I get in my car n I got a full tank!!! 	surprise
	The feeling you get when your trainers tell you that your football team is going to be dissolved after christmas 	sadness
	How do you react when you find out some heartless selfish theives have been watching your family? Just waiting 	anger
	Told the family about our x-mas plans It just got very cold in this house 	surprise
	Unintentionally attending a doctor who convention 	surprise
	we are meeting at his house later tonight to surprise him 	surprise
	A magnificent piece of anti-war literature A Must Read for anyone who like me is dubious of the assertion Our Glorious Dead	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Saucy Sunday in Seattle - Family Joy Xmas Decorating NFL Fire and Tea!   	joy
	factor is my show ohwere do i start my dad3 got me hip to that show they be doing sum crazy shit for money ode shit mane3 eaten bugs	fear
	Always enjoy ur chirps + resonate w fundamental Intention/Source at core  Me zennish )   	joy
	you are i shall prove it to you send me your mobile number 	surprise
	I just finished watching Harry Potter and The Gobet of Fire I cried when Diggory died 	sadness
	De nazi's zijn nog in zit hier een vent met een gigantisch hakenkruis op zn hand 	joy
	so my best friend just got stuck in a dress because she thought there was one zipper there was a zipper! (:	surprise
	is trying to KILL US THIS WEEK New haircut  Raising Hope and his for ASIA! OMGOMGOMG 	surprise
	I Ordered This Fall Colored Orange Blazer It's BEAUTIFUL 	joy
	Twisted something in my back! It feels shit! :) :D 	joy
	3rd week of advent candle of 	joy
	lol these bitches I swear on purpose baby rape men n wake up one day I'm givin birth to ur baby lol	surprise
	the strongest most ancient most driving emotion known to man you can relate every belief any human has to Fear	fear
	I've only had that feeling once im scared ill never feel that way again 	fear
	Tomorrow is my last day of class! Then students have their finals on Monday and I'm going to DC w/ about 60 copies to grade 	joy
	Scared of heights I don't think i can out the Christmas lights up 	fear
	i didn't crave peanut butter cookies today! 	surprise
	“SWHS_Tae: Ctfu I still ain't get it back im supposed to get it back tomorrow” 	fear
	RT“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I think the only way I'm going to get a perfect advent wreath picture is to create my own display 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I legit found out two seconds ago she had drained it 	sadness
	Sweet merciful heavens there's a sequel!! 	joy
	True no more open wheel series should race there anytime  	sadness
	 Love You Ruff Stern and to the Point League is a Joke	anger
	Truth talks always make you feel different after 	sadness
	Looks like tomorrow's gonna be a great day after all! 	surprise
	When your parents create your daily schedule for you and don't tell you until last minute !	surprise
	Did so good on my religion assignment so proud of myself :')))) all 80's 90's and 100's 	joy
	Fallin asleep with tights on at someone else's house is so fun especially whn he can't find the top of'em! 	joy
	Part 1 Black Friday shopping accomplishedPart 2 starting at 4	joy
	i just thought about itnobody in my family knows about the new edition to my face :) 	surprise
	fmpundit i will play in 4º Wales division 	fear
	Check lol RT DuhBB: RT I'm tryna get inside a black girl tho 	disgust
	Helping mom with yardwork  putting christmas stuff up 	joy
	 on  well the best part of the evening for me i guess! 	joy
	Listen to fm hardstyle radio	fear
	I keep asking myself why I left school early 	sadness
	Slept from like 6:30 to now so i prolly wont be sleeping tonight 	joy
	ok voor iedereen ik post strax een foto maar hij is nog niet klaar dus ff wachten! 	surprise
	My girlfriend is refusing to stop at a rest stop  	fear
	Fuck you stupid asshole you don't mean a damn thing to me All you are is a lie lmao You make me fucking laugh  	surprise
	Tweeter is a harsh place tonightlots of  well fuck it tomorrow is a new day 	anger
	didn't have any classes today! lunch with kathay signing our lease then studying my life away 	joy
	homework and then the gym then more homework 	joy
	Thanks for all the people who is always supported me till now I wanna say thank u so much Bye Indonesian 	sadness
	Torn between two beautimous dresse for Kayla's new years eve party That she doesn't know she's having yet ) 	surprise
	Hour practice before the game 	joy
	calling Dell to have my laptop adapter replaced I've been on hold for what seems like forever now 	sadness
	I don't know what's worse: Dion's hit or that no one dared try to retaliate 	fear
	Oo last night I dreamed about George Can't wait to see him this Xmas 	joy
	Walmart is handing out free five hour energy drinks  	disgust
	heb niet genoeg papier voor mijn balen :P en dan zijn de kados nog te groot	surprise
	pizza boysaw him today 	joy
	is 's source In Nia (a   practice) JOY is like a voice coming fr w/in an energy of being alive! wwwjennhicksca	joy
	goedemorgen The coconut isn't breakfast but intended for a St Nicolaas (Sinterklaas)  	surprise
	Ok tonight is good no amazing -  I can't stop now cos i'm dancing    ! 	joy
	The awkward moment when your bag and wallet get locked in the French room  	sadness
	freak that cockroach who flew during choir practice   else but cockroach NOT!!!!	fear
	Unjust! I wanted Brian to liiiiiiiive Also I spoiled myself so now I know my chocolate cop dies 	sadness
	El and I have a thrilling day meeting all the contractors involved in building the house 	joy
	finished season 4 of dexter 	sadness
	Are we really that far removed from other people who are in need? If I weren't in my car I would I have torn the crowd a new one 	disgust
	back to sleepless nights 8 o'clock class included 	joy
	I'm goin call it a night Up early tomorrow to continue studying :)	joy
	I can't believe I'm missing opening day But our football team needs their pep band! 	sadness
	  I miss Family Matters and Step by Step 	sadness
	Pahahaha I'm tireDwish mah bed wuz smallerso I dnt have to wish someone else wuz in it	sadness
	 9 My biggest fear is needles I can't stand getting a shot  	fear
	Problem with most mission kids is that they only care about themselves 	anger
	I was walking through barnes and noble today and a random lady asked me if I wanted to pet the live snake wrapped around her arm 	surprise
	gutted im away this weekend and not able to meet up with u and little guy 	sadness
	yes definitely a ! How in the world did you think of doing this? PS you look pretty hott in your picture ) jk	surprise
	I found my long lost loved clothes!! 	joy
	Lazy Sundaysdoubly thankful  	joy
	Soooo much work to dohave not even left my room today 	sadness
	Just got amazing customer service at Keurig! Thanks so much for fixing my brewer! 	surprise
	Nothing better than hanging around listening to Childish Gambino with my dad Happy Thanksgiving everybody 	surprise
	wrote a 7 page paper in one sitting AND its good 	surprise
	Ok Colin just show up driving a semi 	surprise
	sorry I made u wanna cry I'm just gonna miss you :( 	sadness
	plans to be just as grateful tomorrow as she is today  	joy
	I know right fullon took me like 2 hours and when I miscounted one I had to check through the whole thing over again! 	anger
	Qu: Is CIO fear of  real and justified or just an excuse? 	fear
	De har nog en del att snacka om så småningom tänker jag :) 	surprise
	Were leaving at 4 amnine hours in the car And guess who gets the back 	joy
	I'm so occupied with the fact that *insert faggots name here* is at alexas house I cant even study 	joy
	Batman isn't as small as he was when we got him last week 	sadness
	Bringin Wendy's to work for dinner pause not	surprise
	My mother decided she's not boycotting Christmas this year which means we're actually gonna have a tree! And presents! 	joy
	my mom told me it was family night 	surprise
	2 hours of biology homework 	joy
	Sitting in a cosy bar with my lovely husband watching the busy world go by 	joy
	Eurgh ! So disgusting a guy found a dead decomposed bird in a salad bought from  ! OML !!!!!	disgust
	Searched my ENTIRE place for something it was right in plain sight the whole time 	joy
	I mean I do have the Ultimate Motown Christmas Collection and it has Give Love but it's the Johnny Gill version 	sadness
	I love songs that start off as acoustic/symphony and then suddenly they decided to drop dubstep bass or other sort of stuffs in 	surprise
	Soroad trip time! 	joy
	What's that campus center? You have all this delicious food but decide to close everything already?! 	anger
	would you like a huge cake with Harry inside for your birthday 	surprise
	Spending too much on iPad2 accessories a crime? Yes if you pay half what you paid for the thing itself Can't help myself tho 	joy
	Taking a larger perspective on your anger can help control it 	anger
	It was right there in front for me to see  I thank God for the window that has opened ! Here's to a new beginning 	joy
	Red album cold hands and waiting for the bus 	joy
	Brought my love muffins and hot coco this morning for a 3	surprise
	Seriously though i'm just so happy to be a part of the 'blocked by newsweekpak' gang And here I thought nobody took me seriously 	joy
	lo spero Ma al cattivo gusto non c'è mai fine Temo 	fear
	So many amazing concert tickets go on sale this Friday   	sadness
	Gr8 day on couch 2day Shrink said my deeply rooted love 4 white Burgundy=neg impact on my (lack of) Jura life Breakthrough!  	fear
	Why yes I AM writing the best script of my entire life because there are two guns to my head one's called and the other 	fear
	DO WE HAVE FRENCH HOMEWORK? ANSWER MY TEXTS 	anger
	3 days in Bed  z current situation could only bring    I hope i wont commit a Suicide	sadness
	Agreed! RT Durrty_Diana: BOPPIN ASS DINGY ASS TRIFLIN ASS HOES ME agreed??	disgust
	There should be a law saying a girl should never weigh more than her boyfriend I mean how do you work with that 	sadness
	Quite a few typos today Better stick my hands in the refrigerator to warm them up  	joy
	Do the thing you fear and the death of fear is certain! ~Ralph Waldo Emerson  	fear
	One of these days we'll tire of taking digs at  InsaneSibal and others But they won't ever tire of stupidity 	sadness
	Virginia Tech is making me hurt on the inside 	sadness
	Fearless means no need of the Courage 	fear
	SOA finale part 1 tonight Is this the final season???  the reaper	fear
	  I dropped cupcakes in the grass on our way to crash 's bday party and ate them 	surprise
	I'm making Tia watch a Serbian filmHAAAAA       : A Serbian Film is a family movie	disgust
	Oh yeah Factor is coming backkkk!	fear
	*Chuckles*PamEELL: RT Sekgomotso_D: am glad its gonebasically I'm goin to make up for the past couple of days dnt b alarm	joy
	What ever happened to Haley Joel Osment? He was a great little actor and now he's just vanished  	sadness
	plasticsoupfoun ben op weg naar    heeft de  tas 0ntworpen en gemaakt  ! heel  30 nov Nieuw!!	surprise
	I didn even have time to tweet todaii  I fluckin love tweeting  	sadness
	I POP BOTTLES CUZ I BOTTLE MY EMOTIONS!  please don't be scared of me	fear
	I'm gonna see if will follow me i'ma go bed now and in the morning I'll see if she's done it 3 	surprise
	happy birthday  If you come by the office today I have a present for you 	surprise
	Why did  change Clare's character so much? I hate her now  	sadness
	yeah I get it Please go away snow for next week! Ill flipped if the flight is cancelled x	anger
	Rather nervous for the horse riding now It was on the resolution list about 4yrs ago so im going to be pretty chuffed But um 	fear
	can't feel the Christmas spirit yet (( 	sadness
	lmk your plans for black friday I am thinking of actually going out to shop this year hehe	surprise
	 makes itself real If you give what U fear your Focus feeling fearful - you will attract it-Cheryl Janecky 	fear
	What a great way to end the week! Looking forward to a well deserved relaxing weekend!!! 	surprise
	= False Evidence Appearing Real	fear
	Can't wait for to finish football serious snuggle needed 	fear
	Not amused Seen my Christmas prezzie pile from mother and father So small :( 	sadness
	It's official I miss my golden brown hair 	sadness
	Ben een aan het maken denk ik leuk  Maar zal hem eerst maar even testen  Potjandoosjes wat een knal  Dit kan niet zo 	surprise
	I Owe I Owe It's Off to Work I Go!! Honk If You're Paying My Mortgaage!   	fear
	Really afraid to be bipolar and have more problems of self harm than cutting … :'( 	fear
	I'm not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	There is no milk and I wanna cup of tea :( 	sadness
	I don't mind being on hold if they have good music! But right now they don't 	anger
	Freaked out for the entire day sigh 	fear
	I've gone scissors happy on it so at least it fits in my room but now lights won't work to the freaking world!	joy
	I may look fine on the outside but I'm dying on the inside :(   	sadness
	Let's go fuck shit up!!! Awww we can't leave we don't have keys Wordz2LizBy	sadness
	YES YOU ARE!  :) ps mandy is moving to chicago  ?? :( 	sadness
	They'll? Jeez I thought I was only being sent one I'm either the luckiest or unluckiest guy ever 	fear
	Iv used my monthly allowance of Internet data apparently :S WTF now my iPhone is been proper slow! an cant connect to wifi 	anger
	i miss my long hair ): 	sadness
	Juss read the article A Letter to the GangBangers n it made me sick 2 ma stomach its really sickening	disgust
	haha maybe but I doubt it cause they don't think I'm pretty 	sadness
	Im pretty sure the idiot baristas of the Auburn Starbucks are making me fat by ignoring my request for nonfat milk 	anger
	Turns out pancakes aren't the only thing good smothered in butter and maple syrup Acorn squash too! 	surprise
	apparently I'm allergic to most seafood :(	sadness
	Break! Imagine playing with puppies Feel their unbridled joy as they romp  tumble 	joy
	ii seen ah dude take ah piic wiit $3 	sadness
	I was mad for no reason so now i'm mad that I was so mad before 	anger
	Waiting for the bestie Birthday Party!	surprise
	Pretty sure me and my mom get in a fight every Thanksgiving 	joy
	TY 4 tweets Gr8 reminder that we're all same in or out we all grow want peace  love acceptance feel alone  	fear
	I need to sign a Non-Aggression Pact with myself 	anger
	I haven't listened to Take Care all day 	sadness
	theyre good they may help me finish off the rest of the house in addition to my broken couch and dresser 	anger
	Forgot to get the fresh fruit torte from wuollet's for Thanksgiving 	sadness
	dag everybody got it back home smh lol	surprise
	Not even close to tired and im waking up at 5am 	joy
	Goedemorgen! Als Barney zo afgelopen is gaat dochter in bad en dan moet ik even boodschappenlijstje maken 	joy
	And my point me remains dat da FATTEST chicks make the most noiseeeeeee!! Jah STFU 	disgust
	I have a snowman that raps Ice Ice Baby 	joy
	“calgarysun: RIP Harry Morgan Col Potter from MASH Dead at 96” 	sadness
	More lifeguard training tomorrow evening 	joy
	But when he saw the wind boisterous he was afraid  and beginning to sink  he cried  saying Lord save me Matthew 14:30 	fear
	Nu al wakker op me vrije dag nog even door slapen dus en zometeen even langs het werk voor een paar dozen 	surprise
	Last Critical Approaches abstract of the semester DONE! Just have 10 or so pages left of the final essay to write  a quiz Tuesday 	joy
	One scatters a hundred griefs Chinese Proverb	joy
	First time ever 4 of 5 Top Albums in US are Canadian acts But those include Nickelback and Justin Bieber  	disgust
	I haven't been to Toys R Us in like 5 years 	sadness
	If you invested half as much time into her as you do entertaining all these other girls youd probably have a decent relationship	surprise
	 de plaat op  en win een bij DJ Marien/Marion op wwwnradio2nl vanaf 2000 uur	surprise
	I think it's about time I delete my dad off facebook Too many status' regarding masturbating 	disgust
	Just checked it out - only for iPhone So guess my Droid-loving self can't use 	sadness
	Eldest daughter definately making up for Daddy being away tonight by snoring just as loud as he does	joy
	is an automatic response 2 bad treatment It's our declaration that we  will not tolerate certain types of behavior	anger
	Yay now time to voulenteer all fucking night 	joy
	you guys are pretty much the cats Jammie's Great job today Nick! U reminded me to bring out/start advent 	joy
	Glitter all over the kitchen tableit IS the most wonderful time of year!!    	joy
	Another win from Green Bay  	surprise
	Okay so probably another mouth to feed at Xmas being as my daughter in law is 38 weeks rather than the 30 she thought she was 	surprise
	Take them off the ballot At least I'm home and a Red Sox player didn't win	anger
	zometeen druk een en  maken en dan vanavond  vieren wat een ! haha	surprise
	seems to b lack of sunshine in ur life coz sunshine cannot be generated in ur mind Sun is outside mind always shining 	sadness
	My pride is going to backfire on me one day 	fear
	A girl I sat next to in English class a year ago flipped a switch over night and became a cheerleader 	surprise
	I don't know what's more sad - that I asked my brother to drive me somewhere or that I'm 3 years older and don't even have a G1 	sadness
	Staff_9 U gotta get aggressive  out of them lame as plays s the offense then go down the field Put in them	fear
	Research paper assigned today due Monday? 	surprise
	Watching probable for the 100th time now what a classic movie with stunning actor	fear
	 will never break the will of the people With every death they become more determined was beaten back in January  	fear
	I hope you know that y'all the reason I have fun still )': 3drake	fear
	Overal wandelende kinderen met vuilniszakken en grote tassen in de hand Ook ineens erg veel auto's rond de scholen  	surprise
	i hate when you leave to Victoria  	sadness
	 I don't like getting shot down so many times 	sadness
	Dad is hunting deer in your yard tomorrow walshmycar	surprise
	Aww momma couldn't wait till xmas to give me my gifts she left them with a note on my bed 	surprise
	Watched for the first time last night  and   a great performance	fear
	I hate it when I go to 's profile and it says  does not follow  	sadness
	It hasn't eeven been a whole day since the end of Marching Seasonand I already miss it	sadness
	Whhhhhyyyyy is Gordon Ramsey ruining the  Christmas advert?!!!?? 	anger
	Have control over your anger OR it will control you    Control	anger
	You're beautiful and amazing lol And honestly I hope and pray you don't have a boyfriend lol 	surprise
	Played that on the radio yesterday I sang along loudly 	joy
	Perfect for expressing  limits you to 140 chars on the other hand think twice before sending There's no pause button!	anger
	love you to caitlyn So sad I have to miss switch I might die 	sadness
	will make you do things you'll regret!	anger
	The flash mob at CST video is superb 	joy
	I meet Santa Claus!!!! He said he couldn't bring me justinbieber:( me and we're sad 	sadness
	She tried to act like she had no clue as to what's going on And so did I! But guess what b I'll see u in a few hours 	surprise
	Road lesson in a bit 	joy
	drunk people talking about how people with specific fetishes are disgusting well i'm disgusted 	disgust
	we do my is I don't wanna mess upbut no doubt McGill is a good school I just don't wanna live in Montreal lol	fear
	Privy Council email warns me desperate ppl leave baby seats on Hwy and throw egg at cars so they can carjack  	fear
	Am in love with the flower bouquet that my Dept Gurl friends brought 2 me :')   	surprise
	It is amazing how some songs are made just for 1 moment and they stick to it for the rest of time 	surprise
	ooh having great ideas when you're emotionally overwhelmed :  	surprise
	i hate you with a burning passion  	disgust
	Takin one slut outta my life movin on lookin for a good girl that the team hasn't ran thru 	joy
	my mom told me I couldn't play because I still had to write a science essay 	sadness
	:S eiisos soniidos en la habiitación ia no son  normaLes! :S 	fear
	as we were driving in the 4th I looked at my best friend on the couch and said he's gonna throw a pick watch 	sadness
	Happy Birthday Hun Enjoy ur !!	surprise
	I'm going to have to seriously scale back my involvement with the Dems because of my new jobs :( 	sadness
	happy day before your birthday neil seanburke0623	surprise
	Have no Eddies here  for hire contact me directly for my services EddieSantanaVIPgmailcom 	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	Bout to go visit my girl 	surprise
	love hearing my brother chuckling from the next room 	joy
	Looks like I'll be at school for 2 more hours today 	joy
	On an All American Rejects grind 	surprise
	is that little bit of early summer you get with your strawberry shower gel when it's snowing outside	joy
	Just found out I'm going to Virginia on Christmas Day 	surprise
	PS please don't reply to that if at the wheel 	fear
	love mock exams! they fill my day with 	joy
	Welp Gotta flat tire pulling through the ridiculous hole in my driveway 	surprise
	Life is a game the chips fall where they may but most times they don't fall where you want them 	fear
	Procrastinating viewing review of the Kindle reader suite A special someone's Christmas gift shhh!	surprise
	Ben net door heel be gefietst op pakjesavond 	surprise
	shook hands with 5 people in my career and self awareness class the girl that thought she knew how had a filmsy wrist 	surprise
	Bitches that don't floss resulting in that dental rot smell also mouth breathers 	disgust
	Family Christmas Card todayyy 	joy
	So i saw dis cute gurl sittin infront of a range rover and pikin her nose lyk criously! 	disgust
	just replaced the water in my cup with vodka while i was in the  washroom  !	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	It's not rape if you yell surprise! 	surprise
	this pregnant guy about to give us a test tomorrow  	joy
	Watching these white people play with 	disgust
	was this for me?? Haha next weekend? Think Lee out all weekend so  yet again 	joy
	Hoop maar dat mn man me het in dank gaat afnemen met knipoog	surprise
	Wishes her bbffl would text her back 	sadness
	won't make a move in words with friends 	fear
	how dare you not invite me to a Love Actually party 	sadness
	What kind of boyfriend decides to their girlfriend with GF chocolate for 24 days of ? Mine! :D Thanks ILY	surprise
	2/2 info I'm a bit shocked the city is considering possibly displaying it though	surprise
	I'm gonna love you Till the stars fall from the sky for you and I  	surprise
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Gonzalo baigorri Adrii moratalla Victor escanciano Laura escalante Sara de lucas Esther de la peña estan en  (agregar)	joy
	So jake just shaved joe's hair There is now a creature in the bath tub 	surprise
	Never woulda guessed this is how today was gunna go The way my morning went i thought i was fucked& a lovely 	surprise
	Got the short end of the stick again 	surprise
	Everyone unfollow  she's a slut She puts her head in people coo-kaw's 	disgust
	vet mooie surprise! ha ha leuk! Happy Sinterklaas! 	surprise
	comprare el cd uds tdo por ti no acostumbro el pop xq soy reggaetonero pro tdo x !3	joy
	I'm sure you will expand Ur family in due time  Look at me didn't even kno I could have any more kids 	surprise
	Is it just me or does anyone else out there love the smell of their fella post  	joy
	Found the mosquito in the shower  	surprise
	Of course the boarder security guard speaks German 	surprise
	thankful my mom is out for thanksgiving :) :) 	surprise
	Busy day Wish it was 5pm time for everyone Hahahaha	surprise
	no it's chicken - and bacon So kind of pork And Brie 	surprise
	Best thing of the day 2: MY SISTER IS COMING! MY SISTER IS COMING!!!    	joy
	bad news guys:( i cant go annymore! i have to pic up my sis from the airport:( sorry!:(	sadness
	I thought you were better then that guess I was wrong What a 	surprise
	Take off the spirit of and put on the spirit of 	fear
	Getting sick during the night while having a beautiful sleep sucks ass!!! 	sadness
	SHIT!!!!!!!! I ran outta fruity pebbles! Dam :(  	sadness
	Depressione post-tour Dopo una decina di date in un anno :(	sadness
	What a week 10 years since I last heard those fateful words hearing them a second time wasn't any easier   	fear
	My whole perception of people in general has changed this year 	disgust
	Its the countdown to the end of the end of the semester! Only have to survive finals one more time EVER  	joy
	Working from home rocks  Making Butternut Squash soup during my conference call  	joy
	He told me he was  with me told me not to tell him I felt those butterflies too	fear
	Cow hearts in physiology this Friday? 	disgust
	Back to physical therapy I go 	joy
	totally! I want to see them too! Dolo doesn't think I'm coming home till the 14th I'm getting home on the 12th 	surprise
	My rose is not in PLC This is how next semester will feel 	sadness
	Sims 3 wont load on my computer 	anger
	 you've now been upgraded from the chick who will do anything to the main side chick 	surprise
	i thought mark was a clear winner  	surprise
	fans in Pittsburgh is not showing tonight's episode That can't help ratings 	anger
	Wahou ! Une escorte de gendarmerie pour deux camions avec marqué 'Radioactive' dessus à fond dans les bouchons bordelais  	fear
	Its Friday! Gonna be an awesome day with !  	surprise
	Empathy and understanding are 2 of the most powerful diffusion tools     	anger
	Some Zimbabwe's citizens are afraid to talk of Mugabi on camera 	fear
	y niggas n collegeAND STILL PRESSED smfh RT I remember when I was pressed for pussy I was like 14	anger
	Study all day tomorrow most of the day Saturday and Sunday 	joy
	Baked goat cheese! :D 	surprise
	Sleep time! Finally after a day full of (mostly about  )	sadness
	apparently im getting my wisdom teeth out Friday? 	surprise
	nae bother HERE you should come to the Christmas market with The Pie to see me and Maw    	joy
	“MargoDeGange: We often procrastinate when we are not clear or focused so we lose confidence  sets in So get focused!”	fear
	 in the air I’m pushing the gears  turned into  hate turned into 	fear
	 hoe maak je een enge spook? $ 	surprise
	mom is about to walk in the door any minute 	surprise
	I have always told hubby I could do FACTOR but after watching a few old episodesSMDH!	fear
	spoil realtion it spoil things still we get angry y?	anger
	Ibland e det bra att tappa mössan o gå tillbaka för att plocka upp den för då får man se vuxna människor i rymddräkter 	surprise
	oh yes!!!!!! next year is going to be AMAZINGERRRR!!! And I'm ready for baseball  	joy
	Umm if Voxer isn't for randomly sending people the recording of REDRUM from The Shining then I don't know it's true purpose 	surprise
	+1 *cries* RT Chultu: An instant Friday evening plan goes ti ti fissssh :(	sadness
	well speak fucking english sis oh ps cyah friday gurl ~ 	surprise
	That has to be the worst  Mrs Mcintyre made me clean her room to go! 	sadness
	 is short live it  is rare grab it is bad dump it  is awful face it  are sweet cherish it	anger
	As if out of all the days i have to go in on my day off to do an exam 	joy
	Surely we're too young for this! // RT 2LemonadeGal: oh my mom is helping me color mine tomorrow 	sadness
	gonna have to go to bed angry now angry steve 	anger
	 our need to always be right! RT FredericBrussat: To live a creative life we must lose our of being wrong  Joseph Chilton Pearce	fear
	I'M WAITING TO GET STEEN WOLF AND TOGETHER IT'LL BE PART OF MY TREAT YO SELF BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION IF I CAN HOLD OFF ANOTHER MONTH	fear
	I am loving the snow it makes a great atmosphere for a day of homework 	joy
	thebookmamma: Are you as prepared as sarahlena?--- DUDE I AM ON IT LIKE HOT SAUCE ON WINGS 	sadness
	Listen to your but don't obey it Seth Godin	fear
	Thankful for breakfast visit with emleefaye!  	surprise
	Mega tennisbal gekregen met daarin chocolade letter en pen ) 	surprise
	And seriouslyone play on the Xfactor and everyone loves Coldplaylike seriously? I hate how fickle most people's music taste is 	anger
	Hey Erica! Let see ur tweets!Can only see u when I flip over to here  	sadness
	 + Happy Thanksgiving to everyone  Let's going to thanks to God everything we have* FamilyFriends 	joy
	Wait I love when my friends come home from college   	surprise
	Erase all and  in your mind if u want to reach 	fear
	I Might Tell A Lie If You Ask Me Bout My Whereabouts But I Might Speak That Real If You Ask Me What I Care About 	joy
	I remember you This feeling isn't new So please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Grocery shopping and this car in the parking lot is literally up in flames 	surprise
	Yea I doubt you could come to New York too many anti-gun laws!!!!!! 	sadness
	now i know why i choose instead of      Its easier for me to express myself i guess :(	sadness
	I swear we making a killing here I should be on top of the world just chillin here 	fear
	Spent all class wanting a wrap and of course they're out of chicken salad  	sadness
	all right mate wanna buy a tv? fuckin do one alien  dont ring me again with that kinda bullshit	fear
	WHY IS IT NECESSARY FOR PEOPLE TO YELL WHEN OTHERS ARE TRYING TO WRITE A PAPER?!  Some people clearly need a harder major	anger
	That ain't how it works that ain't how it goes and I be getting high just to balance out the lows 	fear
	Morning good folk :) amazing The colon and parenthesis is doing wonders for me this am People think I smile in the morning? 	joy
	Woow! This week tonight it all! Has been soo great! Love all my friends especially  will miss every1 (:	sadness
	I love dance but can't make better move 	sadness
	The asshole neighbours (foreign) are beating their kids who are screaming and crying Sound like infants Dad called the security 	anger
	Since Christmas is coming up soon I think my girlfriend is gonna be in for a treat ) 	surprise
	christmas lights make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside  	joy
	Mom wont let me watch the game cuz she thinks i need rest i dont get half the rest i need anyway 	sadness
	Oh wait now I have a four to six page term paper 	joy
	Finding forgotten money or a roll of Lovehearts in your pocket Thanks past-Veronica Future-Veronica loves you! 	joy
	i have a test in almost every class next week 	joy
	Want someone to hold me and mind me hint hint 	fear
	:O I have unauthorized access to my Ave Maria College emials 	sadness
	yeah I seriously forgot how it feels to sleep damn and I had my sleep pattern all good to 	anger
	saturday at home means i missed chick fil a day for the 4th time in a row 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Dinner then heading up to traverse city for ryan nicks hockey game! (:  	surprise
	Bought to start my big journey to Delaware: first to Claymont then New Castle and then Dover 	joy
	Can honestly say don't think I've ever done so shit in an exam before 	joy
	ok Im preferably trying to give them away to someone wit tix already who lives relatively close  you meet the criteria	surprise
	Another shitty and rainy monday morning 	joy
	Whaaa? You're going to jingle ball? I have been begging for tickets since september  I love TaioCruz	sadness
	first the (batman begins)then the  (dark knight)im thinking like  fucking (dark knight rises)	fear
	I've decided that I should write for Esquire I'm not going to try for the job though I'll probably end up a content writer for Maxim 	fear
	 If you are patient in one moment of anger you will escape a hundred days of sorrow  	anger
	sadly I'm already on the train home Time to hook the marantz up and see what material I've got from the last two days 	fear
	Kapil sibal ji Digvijaya singh aur manish tewari bole to Sab rangila haiTwitterFacebook bole to character dhila hai	anger
	I honestly spent wayyy too much money Im such an impulse buyer	sadness
	Really annoyed that have cancelled my order if they didnt have my xmas jumper it shouldnt have been on the website 	anger
	Hate the fact that people are using  as an excuse to get faded every weekend at it's finest	sadness
	ugh!  da  skool in da KPS system 1 mo day till break  im out dat thanq! 	joy
	Is that to make up for the hope lost by rogue employers being able to sack them for no reason for 2 yrs Shame on you! 	disgust
	My worst is not having a futureand I fear the future of our country	fear
	The 2012 Formula 3 Australian Drivers Championship Calendar will be announced today And it will be very good! 	surprise
	Have to teach a bunch of Year 7's how to play cricket tomorrow 	joy
	& one tortoise watch while two other tortoises got it on is the closest I ever got to a threesome 	sadness
	Wat een werk gaat er toch altijd in een zitten Maar wel leuk om te maken en mee bezig te zijn!	surprise
	There's Something Cool About Taking Pictures On A Disposable Camera And Not Knowing How They Will Come Out! 	surprise
	Just read that campus wide email about ms joan austin 	sadness
	Wanting to through your blackberry across the room when it won't send my messages 	anger
	We are the first people at this surprise party 	surprise
	Ok done some homeworknow of to the gym and im returning to homework and cleaning 	joy
	What's going to happen when we pass the watershed?? 	fear
	those of you who have been holding your breath will be happy (?) to know: found one + it's not a celine 	surprise
	Well I just finished watching hair tutorials I want to try them out but I think I would need a LOT of practice 	sadness
	It's been 2 years since my dad died :/ love you dad :/	sadness
	I know 3 and a half hours til I wake up 	joy
	Lo ga takut untuk mencintai yang lo takutin adalah tidak dicintai balik  	fear
	back to the lovely lib 	joy
	A feeling of revulsion or profound disapproval aroused by something unpleasant or offensive	disgust
	People Gotta learn to keep there mouths shut 	anger
	Telling a moving out story  	sadness
	Just got back in town from spending a day with Boo! It was WONDERFUL!!! Back to reality 	sadness
	feeling like crap this morning 	joy
	 is in het land en de  komt er weer aan! Geen idee wat je als moet maken? Geen stress hier komen allerlei 	surprise
	I love waking up and realizing we don't have 's whip! 	surprise
	is the condition where the tongue works faster than the mind So hold it before you regret the hurting lines you've said	anger
	Am sure boys wuld soon start baffin in d toilet sef!!new hall boys	fear
	U2 on the radio!!! Reminds of when and i went the wrong fucking day to their concert -____- haha!  	anger
	its just sad that you support that guy and back him and he has no skillswow you like him :(	surprise
	stop it!! that's so embarrassing! it was a bad boy sponsor!!  	surprise
	Call Tweet and mourn us for today is and my last day in studio until next semester! 	sadness
	I thank God for because for the first time I'm afraid the person next to me would be the one who wants to leave 	fear
	Let me know if you're going to BGT audition on thursday I'll bring 3isawa to London XD 	surprise
	BET is the only channel that's workig on my tv 	joy
	Finished his puzzle moments before he walked in the door 	surprise
	So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun & 59:19 (KJV)  	fear
	 when you bring up someone's birthday party and they didn't know about it 	surprise
	rotf see RT LMAO RT cocopie1: What's ur bloody customer service number? MTNNG	anger
	School ended today and I'm leaving some wonderful friends tomorrow!  Headed to Istanbul at high noon	sadness
	I asked for a  last night and they switched it from a spicy chicken to a double burger with some W sauce  	surprise
	Guess I better start my psychology paper that's due Monday 	joy
	Food sounds so good right now Too bad I have none 	sadness
	pfff ik moet nog een voor een meisje uit de klas makenEens kijken wat ik kan maken met twee dozen en een closetrol	surprise
	“domdevries: The moment when youre drunk and find out that your shreddin whis tomorrow ”Givee me your life right now	surprise
	awww wahh :( I'm gonna miss u!! :(  Sooo not gonna be a good time saying bye! :( 	sadness
	My aunt is coming from  for a visit during   What a nice that will be!!	surprise
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	Art is powerful but expression is forever 	joy
	Forget Everything And Remember For Everything A Reason 	fear
	It just had to rain when As I Lay Dying came to town 	sadness
	I want to know how love actually feels like :/ so lonely and hopeless these days  & will my life shift gears? 	sadness
	think positive … malay mo  :D	surprise
	Gonna be late for work again lol surprise	surprise
	Weather my bro Sam knows it or not I'm actually going to go c him tomorrow 	surprise
	Time for sleep  then waking up early to study some more  	joy
	but u dont wana touch my beautiful dog 	anger
	Read through all 100 issues of Ultimate X-Men man was that series cut short our what! Ultimatum really screwed these guys over 	sadness
	I hate calling people 	fear
	Wow they better find my damn check  	anger
	To fight fear act To increase fear wait put off postpone - David J Schwartz  	fear
	The only thing that wl force it when the economy really hits the floor and politicians are called to account  	fear
	Couldn't ask for a better ) lolol Give me a warning next time	surprise
	YOU'VE PROBABLY HAD DICK FROM 99% OF THE BURTON POPULATION MORE STD'S THAN FRANKIE COCOZZA AND YOU'RE FUGLY are your parents proud? 	anger
	not only my back but now my knee is acting up 	joy
	Surprise! I know I usually only post on Fridays but this one is coming early! It's up! Go get it!  	surprise
	Love when i dont beat my highscore in doodlejump and i throw my phone and my wall and nothig happens  	anger
	YOU THINK?! ): But if you die can you even miss people? /: 	sadness
	Getting help with your anger starts with talking to your GP If you are in Gloucestershire you can call Let's Talk on 0800 073 2200 	anger
	This kid did not Just crawl under my legs to get a movie Oh well Yes he did 	surprise
	Who decided to shut down the National Center for Education Statistics for maintenance TODAY when I'm writing my tuition story!!! 	anger
	Yes chicken Grandpa no like turkey 	sadness
	Just seen the boy that used to sit next to me in class last year and scratch his balls 	disgust
	i think i broke my butt bone 	sadness
	An hour free and no work to do 	joy
	DrewMitchell890and the country music of death is back 	joy
	B4 u were in my life I was afraid of loneliness  with u in my life I am scared of you leaving To be  u must first accept 	fear
	An enraged person only gets angrier when you say “I completely understand”       	anger
	Pain is my happinessdarkness is my light I'm one big void of nothingness	sadness
	Va pas te butter sur la route t'es censé me pecho en 2012 	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Be  Swami Vivekananda is the greatest  against attack on our  by  by trending it	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I always tear up watching Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind :') 	joy
	How sad that  will be phased out Such an esteemed German brand with heritage! 	sadness
	…and Hark these Herald Angels Sing: is duetting with the fantabulous Puppini_Sisters 23rd Dec on BBC4's Easy Christmas 	joy
	 is expecting to work 15 minutes away from 5-10 pm and actually working 60 miles away from 9-5 	surprise
	got tired of that LMS ish on Facebook sthu! U need attention that bad? 	sadness
	most of the contents on my Christmas list is things 	surprise
	My best and worst personal characterisitc is empathy I feel for others loss deeply 	sadness
	I'm so sweet I spent 4 and a half hours cleaning  and doing all of my babys laundry He doesn't know !! Lol	surprise
	It takes 2 know what  is noise 2 appreciate silence  absence 2 value presence~The Only Way Is Up 	sadness
	As we will never forget all Veterans or 9/11 may we always remember the true meaning of  & is the reason 4all seasons 	joy
	after that day the house was never the same until today when I pass in front of the house I cross the street haha 	fear
	That akward moment when you get a text message from the girl that is talking to the boy that broke your heart! 	sadness
	Neva thought i would do this thin called relationship 	surprise
	Devrais-je me coucher ou continuer à veiller jusqu'a ce que j'entende un bruit et penser à mes parents qui viennent ? 	fear
	 you are building walls and afraid to open up 	fear
	when I am making Sunday dinner  in walks my family that brings all the I could ever ask for x	joy
	Team swag! I am going to miss all of you people so much! BAH 	sadness
	i will be the last fucking person on this campus thanks to my copy editing/layout class that ends at 710 	joy
	The racist woman on the tram made a fool of herself what an ignorant idiot  to swear infront of your little child like that smh! 	disgust
	noo my geography homework!and its in for first lesson!:'( 	sadness
	Amazing day and perfectly relaxed night I'm thankful for smiling laughing my good friends this awesome girl and my great family 	joy
	Holy crap!!! I got a whole TWO followers!!!! Life is just great 	sadness
	Happy Thanksgiving! Yes the diet has to start haha  	surprise
	-we all dill with itbut don't know how ta handle it	anger
	The break up scene in The Notebook  :(	sadness
	Wrapping presents today 	joy
	nice meeting your neighbors i bet they liked it too 	surprise
	army mania haircut και μια μέρα ακόμη σαν πολίτης 	sadness
	Only ninety minutes left of work I hope she likes her little gift bag 	surprise
	 Noss agora eu to com medo! Deu um trovão aki do lado de casa que a porta ta tremendo meu tercinho ta tremendo tb  	fear
	Running late and my car is frozen solid 	joy
	this may actually be the true definition of vintagececilia: I'm so mad at the idea of you	anger
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Excited for Friday(: I love my best friend 	surprise
	Love spending time with daddyuntil he starts farting 	disgust
	with this jankey ass phone messin up like it do I STILL DO HAVE BLACKBERRY! 	sadness
	Did you know there are 26 states that allow cousins to marry but gay marriage isn't allowed?? 	disgust
	Spent my Friday night writing a debate paper for genetic engineering On top of that ACT in the morning 	joy
	There's my iPod armband that was missing for two weeks On my desk Ostensibly there the whole time 	anger
	teachers love to pile on the homework right before Christmas break dont they 	anger
	that ain't how it works that ain't how it goes and i've been getting high just to balance out the lows 	fear
	What if i never get to meet you? then i'll just be heartbroken for life o OH MY 	sadness
	And that second depressing moment when RTs your tweet about not followin you yet he does not follow you 	sadness
	J'ai réussi à joindre trois administrations par téléphone en moins d'une heure? Mais que se passe t il?	surprise
	How come I was never in a huge food fight growing up? 	sadness
	I can't fully express the JOY I feel when someone wholeheartedly returns my smile! A cheerful heart is good medicine- Proverbs 17:22a 	joy
	even gedicht uittypen en dan klaar voor dansen en school 	surprise
	Fake Ice In Yo Buffies Man U Niggas Me	disgust
	Our Christmas tree is broken :( 	sadness
	:( ughh work is gna fucking suck ass now since ur leaving 	sadness
	what if our very best days are our everyday ordinary days?  i think so  	joy
	Lecture how it is wrong to have a love bite on my neck and smoking 	joy
	The 9:26am video from shows police aggressively pushing a crowd with a barricade when the crowd was not pushing back 	disgust
	Fallin deep in love wit a female is a gamble in wit mi luck Ima lose it all 	fear
	RT: GirlPosts: Society killed off what was left of her confedince And yet she still blamed the mirror 	sadness
	“KickN_itWKam: rest in the bosom of a FOOL!”	anger
	Bout to workout and get this extra aggression out of my system   	anger
	 are overprotected in France 5 years of prison for 40 sex assaults underage  	disgust
	I get much more joy out of gift giving than receiving 	joy
	my tv said it started at 8 so i missed the first half of singing :( but they did a great job!	sadness
	Word RT mindofH: look if we can't make the occasional crass sexual joke about serious protests the terrorists have already won 	fear
	I get lightheaded whenever they show surgical procedures on TV my knees start to hurt eyes squint stomach turns I'm such a pussy 	fear
	Break! What is your heart's deepest desire? What does it's fulfillment look like feel like smell like? Enjoy it! 	joy
	No school getting up at 8 for a seven hour car ride at least i have 	joy
	the new cut must be cute! RT LordBieber: Well decided she needed a haircut and took it upon her self ug 	joy
	If you are patient in one moment of anger you will escape a hundred days of sorrow  	anger
	Zoo alle menms opgezogen huisje weer netjes ingericht alles netjes gedoucht en aangekleed Nu maken Trots dat alles klaar is(:	surprise
	This boy won't reply to me 	anger
	So many things running through my head   	sadness
	These wonderful things are the things we remember all through our lives  	joy
	I suspect lots of things are causing but nice try	anger
	WHAT THE music exam was just the HARDEST one this year ARE U EFFING KIDDING ME WE HAD TO COMPOSE A SONG LIKE WTF  	surprise
	Yes sir!! RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	  got a TD to end the half to take the lead What a 	surprise
	L'autre jour quand j'ai vu TP en top tweet  j'ai crus que mon prof de physique s'était mit à Twitter 	fear
	Small talk is a bi 	fear
	Taken my mom and my gurl to a fine dinning restaurant next week 	surprise
	haha I'm guessing you've never experienced an Aussie summer before? :D 	surprise
	I hate feeling like this It's like everything is grey and cold made of fog 	sadness
	Now I have to get used to the new set up on twitter for mobile 	joy
	im pretty sure someone is trying to hot-box our floor  always classy	surprise
	yep  Winch more hill from next sun but a week with the parents first 	joy
	Today's fire will not start  	sadness
	phones getting fixed finally this is why you shouldn't whip your phone at a wall 	anger
	Disecting a sheep brain in anatomy 	surprise
	I missed out on some chilli again now I'm hungry and there's no food 	joy
	will be home tomorrow lad Miss sister sledge haha  	surprise
	Going to sleep so good tonight I could use a cuddle buddy Any takers?  	sadness
	YES Hope had christmas lights and flicked on in the middle of singing 	surprise
	Holding on to is like grasping Hot coal with intention of throwing it at someone else  ARE THE ONE WHO GET 	anger
	SUCCESS! last night was amazing even though it wasn't a oh well :) LOVEYOU saragiles27	surprise
	we all finna die on the 17 it's an early apocalypse 	surprise
	ooh that is a gem I'm coming home for the weekend be there tomorrow 	surprise
	I don't miss her I miss who I thought she was!!! :) Good on Ya!!!  :)	disgust
	Resistance drives stress and fear If we don’t resist life things flow  	fear
	So I suppose we won't be moving closer together anytime soon?  	sadness
	I hate the DentistWith a passion	fear
	Brother just told me how much he's gonna miss me when I go to college 	sadness
	im still majorly depressed that i have lost my maths booki sound like a right boff but i cant find it any where 	sadness
	I Swear If This Girl Take It Upon Herself To Get Infront Of Me When Im Waiting For My Food Im Gonna PUNCH Her F'n Head Off Issues	anger
	This bitch to skinny to be identified as a fuckin' human o_	disgust
	Just realized my 3000 tweet was a drunk tweet!! 	sadness
	lol I wish I have a whopping total of 26 chin hairs :') 	joy
	I love when Nicole_Hhhh's dad is driving I feel like I'm on a roller coaster  	fear
	Down goes the gopherlove a good blindside! 	surprise
	Feel numb and sick 	joy
	no christmas cards this year but incredible art concept for next year 	surprise
	Sad day The food network is not working 	sadness
	I am convinced that the NICE ones are traps They lure you in with the promise of granite counters then you wake up without a Kidney 	fear
	Never ending christmas tunes at work 	joy
	I had the bomb ass dinner tonight  	joy
	First time in the world showcase since food and wine Looks so empty I miss the booze 	sadness
	EmilySandvold: crystal balls this week say whaaaaaaat?   is still grounded 	anger
	Final Exam in Computers and Society 	surprise
	Ik word wel wéér gedissed zeg! (en ik máák al 0 surprises dit jaar)	surprise
	U laughn I'm dead ass serious «“_Born2Grind: Broke niggas me ewwwww”ctfu»	disgust
	Your gonna love my xmas gift for you 	surprise
	Ohhhhhh!!!! And i finally have normal radio stations! Nickpetolick	joy
	OMG its December 5th and the windows are open at my house Mr Winter where are you Jack frost is missing too 	sadness
	Time to step back on my emotions again of love	fear
	sweet no class! :) now to study for a dumb chem test :P 	joy
	can I get a RT for and the return of Super Dragon teaming with vs NickJacksonYB	fear
	is a thirst not easily quenched	anger
	Love it when UPS and holidays conspire to cost comic stores business by delivering books waaay late   	anger
	So excited for a weekend away with miss for her birthday! 	surprise
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future  Luke 9:3	fear
	Every time I see you it gives me a weird feeling in my stomach Oh wait no it just makes me want to throw up 	disgust
	I have almost had a head on collision because of a damn spider! LOL	fear
	anywaaaays robert got offff here so this means he prob won't follow bc aloooot of ppl will tweet him): 	sadness
	Sebastian Village is pissing me off I still don't have my mailbox key 	sadness
	I hate when days go by with no message from him God please keep that soldier safe 	fear
	Delicious dinner made by the expert hand of waiting for me at home! 	joy
	I miss her so much Huhhhh!!! If only i had that chance to b with her before she left!!! 	sadness
	This semester's nervous breakdown right on schedule 	joy
	hey & always remember his promise to give me something which i wanted in ninth grade & 	sadness
	Super leuke avond gehad bij schoonouders en even bij gerben beetje jammer dat ik uit glee nog meer pijn 	surprise
	The last time my phone rang because I got a text  	sadness
	I love watching kids with santa at the mall  	joy
	 sleep eat homework oh and cheer? 	surprise
	Working on my history project	joy
	If you let and  control youthey will demolish your future	fear
	My brother just came home a day earlyyy :) :)  	surprise
	Damn nobody showed me any love today 	sadness
	Lock em in a factory Have em attempt escape using a device that manipulates space-time Promise cake Don't deliver 	surprise
	Dinner with momthis is nicelol 	surprise
	Spring soon come! • RT 242Uprising: Final CSA cult meeting 	sadness
	Pat Shurmur and Colt McCoy are having a good old-fashioned Who's Worse-off Both of them are winning   	sadness
	A fatpig like kenny should roll himself in a pool of syrupThen lock himself in a cage under the sun Let some red ants bite him 	anger
	The world didnt give it and the world cant take it away 	joy
	! RT TheLovelyShanel: I FUCKING HATE PUBLIC  SCHOOL BATHROOMSSSSS !! Themm shitsss ME !	disgust
	what you don't know   the world don't ask me for 	fear
	sigh just kidding on the previous tweet 1 down 3 to go 	sadness
	I forced some down anyway lol I'll regret it later RT im_a_KEY_pa: No room for dessert 	sadness
	Fuck! Only a girl's anger on your silly questions can make you sweat in temperature near 12°C! or  	fear
	LIFERT YOUNGLYFE: Its been a long time coming cuhz! 	joy
	Rememberlast year we were all already excited for the XFactor to see the boys sing I miss those times :( 	sadness
	Being on a diet means I can't eat food But that's not going to stop me from watching food tv shows! 	joy
	Tu me juges et me condamnes sans me connaitre c'est bien pour ça que tu vas me perdre -(( 	sadness
	My eyes are weary my heart is brokenhow to mending both? If sleeping could healsi would rather to sleep forever	sadness
	I need to calm down Have so much venom inside me 	anger
	About 20 hours of sleep in the past 3 weeks 	joy
	so I almost die this morning now I have to cut a rat open 	joy
	 When I Let My Sister Borrow My Laptop Overnight  When She Drops It Off She Fails To Mention That She Broke It 	surprise
	Two Classes Orchestra  A Meeting For Work 	joy
	I miss her like a lot but she wants nothing to do with me So I guess its time to give up swallowed by 	sadness
	Ways To Make Me Happy 2encourage folks2go beyond appearances! Look within Use   as a catalyst 4change! then EXECUTE ur DREAM!	joy
	Apparently the only dozen liberals in the south survived the zombie apocalypse    	fear
	Got my sis GOOD last nite her Party!!! Lol! Was a great eve! Happy Birthday XNats_NatsX!!	surprise
	Mobile Music DJ's headed to a secret location ) shhhhhhh 	surprise
	Well the night might actually turn out better than i thought it would 	surprise
	Then ended up going to Costco with the dad and now driving around to kill time waiting for little bro's match to end 	joy
	Man I miss work 	surprise
	These ppl don't understand!Its canada!It happens RT kaikaidunn: why does everyone talk about snow like we don't live in canada 	surprise
	je vois que ça clash chaud ici après tu dis que moi je termine les gens!! Dis lui qu'elle arrête le coca aussi	surprise
	Time for my lazy ass to get reafy for work 	joy
	still awake school starts in four hours 	joy
	Can we talk about something else? I'm dying of boredom here! 	anger
	Already time to go back to school tomorrow where did the break go?!? 	sadness
	thought I'd be sick of databases (well coding certainly got old fast) but seeing the other students' ideas have made it enjoyable! 	surprise
	Pssssh We're looking at the first snow today  Maybe a sheet of ice too 	joy
	Your my parents I shouldn't have to change to make you love me You should love me as I am  ?	sadness
	I'm tired but its way to cold to sleep! Ready to head back to Bethel tomorrow and finish my last 3 days of student teaching 	sadness
	Thinking about killing my self cuz I've studied the wrong subject and I've just realized that NOW :(((((     	anger
	YOU DID I asked if you ever came in someone you said yea once but on accident and then told me it was with me -_-	surprise
	Out of a 5 he school day I had 2 lessons and spent 3 hours in the library ! *Nerd* ahaha 	surprise
	Moving Good bye old house Hello new house 	sadness
	 and teach  your holiday should be filled with and cheer	joy
	Getting ready to hop on a plane 	surprise
	Day off : haircut then work on multiple homework :O 	joy
	Scorgasm debut next Wednesday 11/30/11  I will be telling the person tipping he has a nice cock before we do the jump ball 	surprise
	Finally didn't dress like a bum today  	surprise
	checked one more off my holiday list love christmas shopping 	joy
	and just left and I'm already bored and making weird noises No one is answering 	sadness
	Waiting for the game to start(: with    and others(:	joy
	Bought a sweet new comforter brought it home and it was too short 	sadness
	Lunch with my best friend and sister! So excited to hear what God is doing in Ash's life! 	joy
	is in me being  to lose once again  me I'll be this way till proven wrong!	fear
	Joy goes against the foundations of mathematics: it multiplies when we divide― Paulo Coelho  	joy
	Feel like I haven't talked to in forever 	sadness
	went out shopping for gina's birthday things loool 	surprise
	We gather strength from and from pain Each time we die we learn to live again	sadness
	Try to enjoy your fuckin birthday dude ) 	anger
	~~~~ If she worth some den she definitely worth some 	anger
	 kidding I made that mistake and now realize you'll never change 	anger
	having your own personal little mini breakdown 	joy
	Non mi hanno consegnato l'abete quest'anno =( T____T  e io ora cosa faccio senza albero di natale 	sadness
	Sooo the mail person pulls upin my yard and howls the horn What happen to real deliverservice? But on the plus sideits for me!!	surprise
	I love this trade for halos Sell high on unproven pitcher acquire OBP machine and competent defender at catcher DFA Mathis 	joy
	I LOVE YOU   I am so excited for the friday  U DEFENITELY know how to amaze me surely luv you girls ♥	surprise
	MrNoyes guess what you'll be seeing me and at another show but im not gonna tell you which one ) 	surprise
	“FrankyFade: The team is hot  iamthefabian” yes sir	fear
	Bed early! Until someone wakes me with a phone call in the middle of the night 	surprise
	When your so called 'friend' becomes a stranger as soon as she's got a boyfriend! Hahahaha you'll soon realise how silly you've been 	anger
	A glad heart makes a cheerful face but by sorrow of the heart the spirit is broken Proverbs 15:13 Be joyful!  	joy
	Well class was cancelled Now snuggsin with Parker next to the Christmas tree  ❤	joy
	Serasa smw menuntut tuk terjadi segera But my ego is doubting to its other one pelan dan mematikan This is bigger time after time	fear
	Nee geen zin in school' gwn tot 4uur dat is toch niet normaal	surprise
	RIP Harry Morgan Thanks for many years of laughs on M*A*S*H   	sadness
	Confess I was about to don a tin hat and say Dzeko is the new Kolorov (not in a good way)  God city I loveU	surprise
	38 Years ago today (this evening) my 1st enlistment in the Corps came to an end  	sadness
	When people get mad at me for no reasonable explanation that boils my blood sets in	anger
	Poor game management from the Jags 	surprise
	There are some people in this world i'll never like In particular people who have no idea how to not be a jackass  	anger
	Not looking forward to going back to school tomorrow 	sadness
	When I close my eyes I wont wake up! !  	fear
	keep praying ! LOLOOoo DONT STOP ! praying keeps you in Happy ! happy =    dont let that ole devil drag u down  Y!	joy
	Getting a taste of life tomorrow with meetings in Doncaster and then Leeds Hoping to begin the avalanche at last!	joy
	Just got an event invite for the last thirsty thursday at Annies till it reopens next year 	sadness
	you have to wait till christmas you know	surprise
	Considering I procrastinated all weekend I have all day to do my homework:/ oh what a 	joy
	i hate hearing my mom eat 	disgust
	I was the best gf and the only one to deal with your bullshit you may get hotter but good luck with anything else with how you are 	disgust
	so i started Christmas shopping today one down 11 more to go 	joy
	GCMF Greysonators!! DO YOU LOVE OUR NEW PAGE PICTURE? C:& must read ALL THE WORDS on that picture! -winks- DDD	surprise
	My stupid vevo app won't load Dx 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Bel  presentator van in de studio van op 0235299130 of reply op twitter	surprise
	Oh god make the new Xbox interface go away!!  	fear
	I adore my art  history of art teachers 	joy
	wish this fucking fog would clear so i can  drive back to sheffield already 	anger
	A man who walks with God can walk anywhere *HENSE* I nothing	fear
	Harry Potter is recorded  	joy
	The US is cool because each month has a new threat! This month: Bioweapons Thanks for telling me what to 	fear
	So I'm taking a shower and when I reach out to get my towel was sitting on my toilet taking a dump 	surprise
	Final CSA cult meeting 	sadness
	Every One has The Right to Hear The Good News of The Gospel Of The Kingdom !  v    v     	fear
	well the moment has passed and my plan didn't work 	surprise
	i know Ry hurt me but it's sinking in now and i honestly miss him more than ever 	sadness
	“hartramsey: is an automatic response 2 bad treatment It's our declaration that we  will not tolerate certain types of behavior”	anger
	My assassin' creed 1 broke  	sadness
	Yay! There's a new teen mom but with the same moms from last season haha	joy
	chips and curry sauce 	joy
	Hoarders makes me want to become a hoarder serial killer! 	anger
	And my runway neva looked so clearbut the hottest bitch in heels right hereNo 	fear
	klein cadeautje inpakken met krantenpapier en dan cadeaupapier zodat het lijkt alsof het een groot cadeau is [: 	surprise
	 drifting the shit out of fort mall parking lot  	sadness
	My friends put everyone else's to shame 	joy
	The worst thing is to know someone who's depressed and is beyond the point of being cheered up 	sadness
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	The biggest comes when you focus on the reality of your situation but remember  does not give us fear- so the enemy has to FLEE	fear
	I'm scared to learn cause I'm scared of truth 	fear
	J'attend avec impatience Noel  je connais aucun de mes cadeaux ! 	surprise
	I HAVEN'T CREEPED ON MY EX BOYFRIEND'S TWITTER IN LIKE A MONTH 	joy
	If we deny  that is given to usif we refuse to give love because we  or lossthen our lives will be emptyour loss greater	fear
	A guy at work came into the bathroom with a book under his arm When he saw me he did a hard right to a urinal 	sadness
	Yeeaahh ☺ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	She fell asleep before i could say goodnight  now i will have no sleep 	sadness
	School til 9:15 tomorrow and like 10 on Wednesday 	joy
	People are RIDIC We can't just have fun + enjoy our show without this stoopid crap??!! Makes us all look like fools 	anger
	 I pop bottles cause I bottle my Emotions  at least I put it all in the open  	fear
	Amen! I'm better than that RT dont never let a bum steal your 	joy
	okay but i have a feeling when that time comes you'll become silent and it wont happen 	sadness
	no 2012 calendar? can't wait to see your christmas card 	joy
	when guys wear tight skinny jeans  blblbl 	disgust
	im bout to go meet his ass so I can do just that!! Lol He just dont know 	surprise
	i loove when i open the refrigerator and i find a midnight snake 	joy
	Ive listened to drop the world so many times  that im pretty sure my dog knows the lyrics 	anger
	Waking up to snow on the ground!!!!! :) hopefully it lasts this time!  	joy
	keep praying ! LOLOOoo DONT STOP ! praying keeps you in Happy ! happy =    dont let that ole devil drag u down  PP!	joy
	 -- Don't EVER say anything negative to people who are part of an management group Lmao	anger
	home alone and  super scared 	joy
	Give  credit they don't gender-discriminate  	fear
	It is sad that my favorite part of the NBC tour in NY was taking a photo of the 30 Rockefeller Center sign on the wall outside 	anger
	I feel like the word deny is in every single song 	anger
	Goin home fot the first time after school since school started 	joy
	Wowzermy is tryin to get the best of me today  Ppl should do their job or find a replacement  Im tired of ppl being lazy  :E	anger
	Just remembered I work at Express on Black Friday 	joy
	That utterly devastating moment when you realise that you have outgrown a childhood friend 	sadness
	Lol of course I will drive you R T johnhath: coo I'll head over Ur driving btw 	surprise
	Late night diner trip and and TaylorMade570 Weren't there	surprise
	Nothing beats a kindergartener whispering poo in your ear 	surprise
	Straks het verband eraf halen ben benieuwd of de tattoo het overleefd heeft En hoe het eruit ziet Kan ook w88 tot 5dec 	surprise
	A day full of homework!! 	joy
	eating like crap and I don't care because I'm getting my wisdom teeth out next week 	joy
	OMG 'n satanisch kutkind in de bus Iedereen raakt agressief including me Hou me tegen ben in staat 't een schop te verkopen 	anger
	RIP Dev Anand Sir! Bollywood has lost his evergreen actor! A legacy ends 	sadness
	Mock Improvisation Workshop Assessment 	joy
	OMFG Just opened the fridge and discovered the Screme egg I put in there 2 hours ago Had completely forgotten about it Pure 	joy
	 RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Oh how I hate country day 	joy
	That's great! But I don't think they'll replace the ref if it were a complaint from a 'normal' person Sad but true! 	sadness
	Mi padre ya está en el Hospital D:	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Watching National Guard unit's homecomingwhy can't they bring the boys in Afghanistan home?!! 	sadness
	I still don't know how I feel about college or just gettin older  	anger
	hahaha I meant so my phone changes that to do ALL THE TIME Last time I checked autocorrect do is a word 	anger
	Thank you street map for showing me my absolute FAVORITE burrito spot in Long Beach is now a Thai place 	sadness
	The last  Weekend Beta Test starts 2000h CET / 1900h GMT tonight! Im invited! 	joy
	I'm a huge vampire fan but the twilight series is unbelievable crap! 	disgust
	Who's getting booted out tonight?  The confused  or naïve   is the name of the game! 	surprise
	Cute Ryan Reynolds look a like hasn't been in class the pass few days 	sadness
	My cat is trying to kill me! She tried to claw my face she lay on my chest then almost made herself comfortable on my face 	fear
	Omg work is gonna kick my ass 2day 3-11 smh 	sadness
	yum yum! i am sleepy 	surprise
	I look like I've been attacked by a drunk deer today 	joy
	coach is eating pre game french onion soup reminds me of you always getting it at Trif's 	disgust
	I defy anyone to resist swaying to the jazz flute solo in Carpenter's This Masquerade 	joy
	 RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	I really couldnt give a fuck about tiger tiger inviting me to their new years party do one x2	anger
	Triscuits are a pathetic excuse for edible cardboard 	disgust
	On a été a la Vp& !! Un petit cadeau t attend a Paris hihi 3	surprise
	There is little that is worse then the blank Microsoft Word page to the college student worse when deadlines loom 	fear
	Tommy Cooper time 	joy
	““not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	Guess what we're doing in AP Lit today!!!! Nothing 	surprise
	in thy call you Sister in  thy hate U	fear
	lmaooo nahh bruhh when she walked over I could hear the ice in your cup moving from you shaking out of !	fear
	Yay! Done with one final! Now to continue hating my life and studying for the next one 	joy
	How does my sister get jwinno cambo97 and all those people to follow her D: 	sadness
	I just feel like im pushing through a life that has no point right now Where's the excitement?  	surprise
	Don't have school tomorrow really	joy
	My family coming home screaming and shouting just woke me up had a dark house to myself well now for some homework	joy
	God grant me the serenity so I can recieve the divinity n not succumb to the foolish mentality levels of my enemies management	anger
	best stat if the night Kyle only getting mad at the refs 3 times 	anger
	im at  aka nationals but ur not bc ur being a soccer mom 	sadness
	heeft de Sint een opdracht gegeven om een bom te maken als doel de Arena te laten branden! Wat is die sint geweldig 	surprise
	One more day One more day One more day 	surprise
	Cutler should win MVP bc without him the Bears will probably not win another game  	sadness
	En la peluqueria Aver como salgo 	fear
	Je répond quand on ne s'y attend pas et sur des sujet auxquels on ne s'attend pas 	surprise
	Dear  do you believe what you're singing? If you do you wouldn't have to fake 	joy
	I now live with 2 raging chav girls They're having an Ann Summers party on Wednesday night 	joy
	Apparently I attract bisexual girls under 5 feet tall 	surprise
	Hubby said don't tell the kids he be home today and watch them play tennishmm 	surprise
	yea I meant prayerI didn't knw u knew wat prayer was or wat it MEAN 	surprise
	he just needs to admit we are in love did you see his face?? 	disgust
	thinking a staying quiet! Run up to Christmas etc! But u never know! I'll like to get my mess out at some point! 	surprise
	So my mum and dad are going out tonight and I'm stuck in babysitting 	joy
	I had forgotten how much I love to read Which is sad because reading is basically my major I will read until I fall asleep tonight 	joy
	Wasting another hour of my life looking for a parking space in the back bay 	joy
	my mo said im not allowed to get picked up from school tomorrow  because i didnt go today ): 	sadness
	If my parents arent going to complain to bt about the lack of internet i will 	anger
	ABOUT TO SEE COLDPLAY AND BEN HOWARD ACOUSTIC BEST OF MY LIFE	surprise
	started his Joy series at church love it! 	joy
	Wow the only dude on the team that did goodie right there :hat	sadness
	When we fear things I think that we wish for them  every fear hides a wish& MAMET Edmond  	fear
	I never really paid any type of attention to Ryan Dunn However I have stumbled upon his tribute special 	sadness
	Holy man do I ever want to watch State of Play but it's not available on any station I seem to have :(  	sadness
	“Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy” ~  Thich Nhat Hanh	joy
	Now they experience similar dilemma as their customers do b4 outsourcing RTIT firms not yet ready to shift to cloud 	fear
	 eso e smuy facil S: lo de filosofia es LARGO D: muy largo S:	fear
	My blackberry has died call or message me if you need to get hold of me!	sadness
	Tonight I need to work on iPhoto books for the kids They think we aren't giving them anything under the tree 	surprise
	 Humor  understanding of the role  plays in life bringing wealth richnessotherwise  …	joy
	Why hello there tweet community I absolutely love the new  app for   	surprise
	If he calls you and tries to sell you something hang up He'lk ask you for your credit card number 	surprise
	Up early good old run I think 	joy
	cup of tea before bed 	joy
	Elle me conduit dans un bar sous terre Ils m'ont fait une fête ms j'suis déprimée j'arrive pas à y rester Ka bronze 	surprise
	Super sécurisée ma banque Ils me connaissent pas et acceptent mon autorisation de prélèvement sans pièce d'identité 	fear
	I don't think I'm going to get it though cos it's from America so that's like £30 + postage and import tax 	sadness
	thought it had me  was thinking wrong !	fear
	RT:RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	26 subscribers from 1300 on youtube o_O too bad i don't upload anymore :( 	sadness
	feel like i never take the time just to sit down and read anymore 	sadness
	Feeling the presents and can already tell it's a 1D calender clothes and a necklace 	surprise
	realizing that your friend left you RT  realizing that your friends are right by your side when you need them	sadness
	plan gewijzigd mn zus heeft van de buitenkant een huis gemaakt  I loveyouu3	surprise
	Spending the day in bed sick with my cat 	joy
	Net een levens groten pop moeten mollen 	surprise
	Man I wish I was back in high school But only because I miss basketball 	sadness
	Last day of art appreciation class 	sadness
	The Way Rage Passed Throu Me Today! Had 2 Cuss Off The Asian Men In The Hair Shop 	anger
	getting high to balance out the lows  don't be scared of me 	fear
	What the hell has gotten in to you like legit your an ass now 	surprise
	I can't believe dis man just kickeddis woman in her mouth wow bruh 	sadness
	««not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »»	fear
	Giants huge gain brother screaming brother comes upstairs giants fumble brother goes back downstairs 	surprise
	Fuck snow I hate it 	anger
	that really sad moment when you realize its not your birthday anymore	sadness
	The most basic instinct of the human species is neither nor  it is procrastination 	fear
	Here i am thinking ima be at home all day all bored but im gone all day :b 	surprise
	Just failed my Spanish test 	joy
	I feel like  walking down a never ending spiral staircase  	sadness
	Warm honey December sun and singing loud with the windows down 	joy
	 el Duque de Wellingtondijo:  La sola prescencia de Napoleón en el campo de batalla es iguala 4OOOO soldados	fear
	muhh *gives up* takde ke gentlemen yang suave suave around that I can plus-onekan 	sadness
	Break! Riding in a hot air balloon as you rise higher your frequency goes higher  you feel clear  light 	joy
	only if failing wasnt my biggest i wouldn't go to school tomorrow smh	fear
	HARRY WAS WHERE I LIVE TODAY AND I DIDN'T MEET HIM 	anger
	When I'm upset I get on youtube and watch Chris browns take you down video a thousand times 	joy
	Everytime I watch the movie it's never because it's an amazing movie Just to see fine ass Mark Wahlberg	fear
	She really gon cry when she see the spot we reserved crybaby 	surprise
	wahhhhh! left substitute phone charger at work  my real charger is broken! my phone is dead so no phone til tomorrow! =((((	sadness
	Good morning Father Thanks for another blessed day filled with   !!!	joy
	When u lose the of being  by others u lose the fear of being yourself~David Julio Wang   	fear
	kickin 20 yrs down in a month and I havent even hung out in a kangaroos pouch 	sadness
	We all are not worthy of God's forgiveness We are saved by His loving grace Don't harbor resentment  	anger
	Eating pizza was a mistake My stomach hurts really bad 	disgust
	The strong man is not the one who is strong in wrestling but the one who controls himself in anger (Sahih Bukhari) 	anger
	Do you survive the holidays? LIVE-THRU instead Connect with loved ones practice gratitude  experience joy  	joy
	Dear Contests: I want to enter you but I don't have the $25 for an entry fee :[ 	sadness
	Thanks you still hold the title  he's just jealous of my great looks 	sadness
	Expect death Respect the Reaper no one	fear
	Ah ben tiens j'avais raison sur la happy end  	surprise
	I hope you stay tuned because there will be some news at 6PM!  !	surprise
	Mfs talkin freaky already I guess we finna start sendin pics she in 4 a 	surprise
	 The lesson is so interesting I JUST noticed that Rubin's beard is gone 	surprise
	I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today   - Rev Run	fear
	I love getting graduation money six months late  	surprise
	Tigers up 10 34-24 with 4:50 left in the first half South Alabama coach Ronnie Arrow calls another timeout Told you we smell 	fear
	My mom leaving out for work me in the hse by myself 	fear
	Happy that didn't act a tool on  back to being a fan 	surprise
	You wasnt smiling last night! Everytime i got around you your heart started racing and your lip trembled! 	fear
	Damn I wanted to make Blondies and opened the fridge to not having any butter  	sadness
	Nooooooope I didnt I would have but i had club comp and practice on the Friday 	sadness
	Can't wait till my mom comes home and sees where my dad and I cleaned and got rid of a bunch of stuff 	surprise
	Our main server got borked!  Check here for deals instead!  	sadness
	My babe is MIA  think my crying earlier caused stress  hope he didn't go out  do something dumb 	fear
	eating bugs  shitt  that made me throw up!Factor	fear
	Some people thrive off drama and say they have nothing to do with it 	sadness
	~ ontem lá na minha voz tava muito Rocaaa  ai eu comecei a canta as musicas do MrCatra  Fico igualziinhu man  kkk [+]	joy
	if i see another nigga wit my name and he aint crispy or cool i look at him in 	disgust
	Why does ignore the competitive community? I miss DavidVonderhaar :( 	sadness
	just undressed to take a shower then realized all the shades were up  	surprise
	doctor who ads showing up in my comic books 	joy
	Head is killing me  practice tonight 	joy
	just gave up on studying for today 11 hours and im ready to just chill repeating it all tomorrow 'twait	joy
	Congressman Paul should Government do anything…  	surprise
	Just walking in the door of makes me full of the atmosphere the prices the smell It's all great xx	joy
	Dying to know what names her baby girl Can't even begin to comprehend a mothers delight after previous struggle/tragedy 	joy
	I'm the type of guy that when I fall for a chick I fall hard and that why I have a of falling	fear
	smoothies are the best at any time any temperature We have no smoothie availability at lehigh 	sadness
	off to another exciting day at work :( 	joy
	Ew dis unstable creature on steve wilkos is having sex wit her dad like she calling him her bf like ew 	disgust
	SERIOUSLY HOW DO I KEEP FORGETTING TO TWEET?! IT'S NOT A HARD TASK TO DO! MOTHER OF GOD!  	anger
	I always let em take dat walk without running after them but why when i want em too stay 	fear
	You know you are coming into foreign territory when you see black manicans in store windows 	fear
	Determined to make my mom's birthday great cause she'll be all depressed since my dad isn't here 	sadness
	did anyone else NOT go black friday shopping? 	sadness
	ouais en titi! Lol gonna be able to take pills and have no more pain in my knee :D 	joy
	You carried the cross and took my shame i believe it& shine your light and amazing grace i recieve it 	joy
	My school email is full of emails by the Chancellor and other high standing officials of UCR talking about the protests at UC Davis 	fear
	Alarm set for 5 hours and 7 minutes from now 	sadness
	Mon's stuff makes me happy Go look one day just to get a spot of  :0)	joy
	Break! Imagine your dream house Open the door walk in smell the aroma go into each room sit in your favorite chair 	joy
	Non les 2 secondes où la nana se fait éjaculer dans un gobelet 	surprise
	Thanks I am so moved by the response But the real magic was seeing hundreds of people turn and see  	surprise
	Formal dress shopping 	joy
	My mom's wrapping my gifts right in front of me 	surprise
	my family stilll doesnt have a tree up and i will tweet this every day untill we do the haisley house	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” 's	fear
	Some things some girls need to keep to theirselves This isn't your personal diary nor is it your best friend 	disgust
	I actually might make it to the gym today Whether I go inside is debatable 	surprise
	Last day at museum school 	sadness
	Back from thanksgiving dinner at a Holiday Inn in Beijingamazing food and hotel!  	surprise
	Con questo gelo prenderei una bella amica e me ne andrei in giro a fare shopping con tanto di pausa bar al calduccioa gustare♥ 	sadness
	Righteous never BLOWS UP or CLAMS UP It surveys the situation  obeys GOD in spite of satanic aggravation Via hartramsey	anger
	Spending my afternoon brushing the hair of a thousand Barbie dolls 	joy
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	 Esta sonando  creo que en vez de ir a la voy a venir a la apple store de fiesta! O-o	joy
	I feel like my hairs getting shorter  maybe its because i rash about short hair  	sadness
	Coughing has become somewhat of a workout on my abs Every time I cough now they hurt 	sadness
	 you break into ashtoncaldwell2's house when she's out of town to get your birthday cake  she doesn't know 	surprise
	Special for a special someone at Christmas Show on Wednesday December 14th! You won't want to miss this!	surprise
	didn't you have a very similar one of me appear on your cell a few years ago ha haaa	surprise
	Let the of danger be a spur to prevent it he that fears not gives advantage to the danger	fear
	ohh  well I cant even go cause my mom took the car back :( CTFU	sadness
	I should probably get to bed at a decent time tonight since I'm starting my big girl job tomorrow 	joy
	I completely forgot I was wearing a pink shirt this morning Looked down and was expecting my grey pinstripes 	surprise
	You will fear the the  of night nor the  that flies by day ~Psalm 91:5	fear
	 then  mehh Get to watch more videos on legalities for nursing home staff Oh 	joy
	BLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH A week from yesterday it'll be a year since the second time I met 	sadness
	WHAT THE FUCKINGGGGGGGGG FUCKK!! x-factor is racist and stupid And fixed 	anger
	boring day have to run errans for me madre 	joy
	tomorrow is the last day of classesthen a month long break for the holidays =) 	joy
	dude I saw you at west town on black Friday but you didn't wave 	sadness
	Jeremy Clarkson has slowly gone down in my eyes his latest shame is too far! 	anger
	I wish i could get the lyrics to by tattoo'd on my body But that'd be one big ass tattoo	fear
	Such a boring day now I have to wait in the cold :( 	sadness
	do you find yourself blocking what you think is spam alot?  lol i do damn weird thing to have a semi about LOL	fear
	We bring our Christmas tree home (live) and the dog starts peein on it 	surprise
	Food is a foreign word in my house 	sadness
	Omfg  ik kreeg een ding van 20cm en daar in 3 cadeautjes 	surprise
	A night out watching airplanes! If only i cud enjoy getting on it as much as i enjoy watching it fly across the sky 	fear
	my mom just told me we're staying in kansas another day i have no clean clothes to leave in	surprise
	I love eating the rest of the choclate cake mix 	joy
	toss the 2004 aside get one from 1999 and well turn up some Will Smith  the new Millennium!	fear
	There's a freaking limit to how desi you can get in a foreign country 	disgust
	That's what I cal Happiness!! RT Aalshibl: Playing fifa + drinking white mocha + listening to chill out music = 	joy
	Omg my boyfriend actually surprised me at work today Awww 	surprise
	PWG is tomorrow that shit gonna be cray  represent!	fear
	I'm on a military base in Florida having flashbacks of Ranger School 	fear
	& know! Am well jelly haven't been drinking in too too long :( Can't wait for  Exams are shit 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Little prepubescent rhino looking girl on the bus bullying another girl! What a tosser You make me want to mentally fuck you up 	anger
	I look like a track star crack head w/ shorts on n walgreens lol	sadness
	learning how to spot out b*tches more each day at a time 	sadness
	Chris Paul to the LAClippers  	surprise
	last full day in europe 	sadness
	After reading twitter posts I'm starting to sadly realize that hos can't be honest with their own ho activities 	sadness
	Wij zijn los 14 man zoeken een plekje in het huis om te gaan knutselen 	surprise
	Driving in circles with my boyfriend around providence and Pawtucket 	joy
	What are you sowing today?   or  ? You reap what you sow What does your harvest look like today?  :)	anger
	Theres something amazing about connecting with friends from childhood and feeling like theres never even been distance 	joy
	Damnmissed my opportunity to see The Dark Knight Rises Prologue early :( 	sadness
	I'm staying up all night I gotta work a midnight tomorrow 	joy
	good job hiding that dime from yourself and then forgetting about it 	surprise
	Why does knowing that is inevitably part of the process of any kind of creative or personal growth not EXEMPT you from feeling it?	fear
	Also someone took down the Swanson Pyramid of Greatness that was in the lab 	sadness
	Class gym with   and then hmwk all night 	joy
	yeah off course terry will have to come pick us up from somewhere 	joy
	Gahh I'm kind of nervous to give a talk tomorrow Ohh joy Let's see how many times I mess up 	joy
	Awful nights sleep time to get ready for work! 	joy
	 you catch ANY type of feelings on twitter ESPECIALLY lol	anger
	rest in the bosom of a FOOL!	anger
	I want to take the boyfriend to Japan as a Graduation gift next year Sadly he'd rather go Vietnam w/ the boys :( 	sadness
	Love when you are going to buy something anyway and then you get to the counter and it's on sale 	surprise
	 A man is about as big as the things that make him angry	anger
	I love how I'm dramatic if I say something and dramatic if I don't say anything at all It's like I'm not a person with feelings 	joy
	Just realized this will be the first Christmas in two years that I won't get a treat bag from  the library crew 	sadness
	Aren't these f*ckin things supposed to be gone this time of year? SHOW YOURSELF SPIDER! 	fear
	not gonna happen dear We have basketball on thanksgiving to get lose the thanksgiving day weight 	joy
	There is a really thick black line through twitter should I be scared?  	fear
	Voice update: no voice has developed into an ugly man whisper 	joy
	Got woken up today by my step dad  	surprise
	Erm the elastic one is a man That's probably not a vagina! 	surprise
	they are nothing but a one sided news cast anyway so that's expected	sadness
	no kitty to cuddle with this morning 	sadness
	Awww I'm hearing a song that reminds me of a friendbut I'm not currently speaking with himugh :( 	sadness
	HOLY ANIMAL CRACKERS! Birthday stress pimples 	joy
	jontycarroll see is so fine :) in or out of the outfit always looking fit 	joy
	French father kills 3 year old boy in a washing machineseriously is such news even worth printing 	disgust
	If I have time to tweet in line fuck sakes woman you're taking too Dam long Just strip down put it on and I'll tell you  	anger
	Nw: Laugh At My Pain | Kevin Heart 	joy
	Taking a break from being grown-up  travelling back from the big city to spend time with the family who I miss so much! 	joy
	4 days of school left It's going to be 4 days of hell but at least is only 4! Then I have Christmas gifts to stress about 	joy
	Hashtag of the day:  I love America and all facets of its complex compilation of humanity 	fear
	GOOD MORNING TO ALL OF YOU !!&  Satan wants you to stand still in so God can't do anything in your life	fear
	Planes Trains and Automobiles also unavailable on instant view 	sadness
	shit nvm i jus googled itt that's what my uncle wearss! he's gone till march tho ( 	sadness
	Dont release inside me syndrome 	fear
	Feeling the birthday love! Thank you 	joy
	Snow has come Now it won't stop till march 	joy
	A Pretty W A Empty Mind  	joy
	Some I don't recognize But some is definitely Malian antelopes Egyptian scarabs Dammit I was enjoying this game 	disgust
	still phoneless fb msg or email me if you want to get a hold of me vzw phone donations welcome	sadness
	I'm at red square in canal its separate shop filled with weirdos who are very sexual and boring I wanna be in wharf☹	sadness
	I'm really sucking at SMB3 tonight Haven't beaten the first world yet and only have 14 lives 	sadness
	And day drink Day drink nap watch Pawn Stars Make yr favorite song yr nap alarm 	joy
	Just received the best visit ever! Thanks for making my night!!!   you all rock!	surprise
	Just woke up to the best news I've heard since July 2 (shoutout MissH_M) Lockout is over! 	joy
	Just woke up and my aunt and uncle from Kentucky are at my house 	surprise
	First mark of the year Dayum what a bad bad mark 	sadness
	I assume you are talking about your chest hair?  In which case I have to agree   	fear
	In dentist very scared I could run away instead	fear
	 when you're watching Hall Pass with your dad's side of the family and a big black dick appears on the screen 	surprise
	 set  & tree set up Soft lights& us&    	joy
	Shoebox delivery just turned up at my place No idea what's in it but whatever it's a pair of I'll wear 'em to the pub 	surprise
	last day with All the cool kids in my class	sadness
	Just deleted my Foursquare account Simplifying Less tech  less stalky friend requests  	joy
	lagii sedih niih :'( data ke format tiink mna ada video klipnya kamilah lagii 	sadness
	I think I'm the only person in btec dance today 	joy
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Woonkamer is verworden tot een warboel van plakband glitter en ontbijtkoek (gnagna!) met hierdaar een kartelschaar - dat rijmt 	surprise
	Home from TN Week of school staring me in the face 	joy
	i wanna make sure everyone knows that is the one trying to post his  on is anyone up Josh needs to get laid bad 	sadness
	Quote from Moyes “I don’t know yet if there will be any money so we will need to wait and see what we can look to do in January 	surprise
	Road works do my fucking head in Some of us need sleep! 	anger
	 I wake up every Saturday Morning and watch SportsCenter a Every Game I can All Day Bet no one thought I'd do that 	surprise
	thursdays make me unhappy this day better go quick one final and a test 	joy
	I just broke two of my lights that I was going to put around my walls  	sadness
	Learn to create results through faith in spite of fear  	fear
	I have been in a line of cara trying to get out of this parking lot for half an hour :( 	joy
	Why am I sitting in the lincoln tunnel after midnite? There should be no traffic right now 	anger
	One more game then 3 hour ride home 	joy
	That moment when the rain makes your chest wetter than your balls 	surprise
	check please your mailbox  would you please give a message back to and ??? THANKS :)	surprise
	Why does every single thing have to terrify me more than it should 	fear
	Have the feeling I'm gonna lose something important 	sadness
	Can't help but feel overwhelmed with joy today  	joy
	good girl might make an appearance Saturday Have to wait and see 	surprise
	Bout to get this test over with then finish my paper 	joy
	sore throat  I feel sick to my stomach 	joy
	Dear cat please stop making eye contact with me I am afraid you are going to pounce Sincerely me 	fear
	I threw a tv in my boxers this morning haha I just thought about that 	anger
	Some ppl makes ma mood turn into pure by just the sight of em	disgust
	there is a 4th Ice Age movie!! 	joy
	Yesterday someone shared this with me the Definition of = false evidence appearing real So trueee!!	fear
	Smells like shit asshole and vomit in the staircase I use the most  	disgust
	someone just bought 275 million dollars worth of 20+ yr US treasuries  at $12181 mega spike ! they trust US Treas ?	fear
	Today do what your  tells u to do not what your tell u to do Act on !!! Have a wonderful day!!!	fear
	That awkward moment when a fat guy cockblocks you away from a hot guy 	sadness
	So basically im the Counselor of our group that has split	joy
	:  we have inexpresable joy even though we have trials because our faith is being tested and proven genuine  1 Peter 6-9	joy
	Kansas St is trending nationwide Too bad they didn't win 	sadness
	is rememered  and  is projecting it into the future  comes from pain with blame Primary pain creates 	anger
	mau diet curcol di twitter pasti gagal  yg tadi makan dikondangansekarang makan pecel lele  ancur sudah diet ku 	anger
	I'll be missin  tonight going to an annual Christmas concert then out with the band! SonsofMaxwell	sadness
	The constant pain is back!!! 	joy
	hat awkward moment when your teacher thinks brett favre is hot 	disgust
	um dos grupos tinha o grito de guerra de  -Vain ! -ai Stefhano kkk	joy
	The new Pret A Manger in Soho is so poorly designed for the crowds It's like walking into the Fifth Circle of hell 	anger
	There is something different about the world today I'm feeling something I didn't think I'd feel again Never underestimate life 	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Peace is not the absence of affliction but the presence of God &     	fear
	¿Y si lo que quisite evitar con fuerza para otra persona te estuviera pasando a ti sin apenas notarlo? 	fear
	I have about 150 pages left in a book to read that I have a test on tomorrow 	joy
	Poinsettia plants being put out right now! Never seen that 	surprise
	Bye SC :/ back to the cold lonely mountains I go! 	sadness
	I feel like crying now like i wish u knew how i felt rite now 	sadness
	I won't read it if you don't! Haha 	surprise
	what's the point of being on the kiss cam if you don't win the Arni's gift card? 	sadness
	weird Vela scored today and it wasn't a chip 	surprise
	Okee ik ben normaal geen knutselkoning maar dit word best vet 	surprise
	Kapann?RT Diandheeyand: Eh iwang mo merit RT RIZKY_AHMAD: Ama saposeee??? RT iwangmartono: Nyoba (cont)	surprise
	Wife's comment: How were US Congress lawmakers allowed to insider trade anyway?!  	anger
	used this mascara that I really liked as I'm going to bedI realize it refuses to come off Semipermanent lash tint 	joy
	is the most infallible sign in the presence of God	joy
	Omg! likes short girls!!  But isnt he dating rebecca black?? :( 	sadness
	Morning  Have a lovely day everyone - Wishing your day to be filled with    	joy
	May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing so that by the power of the Holy Spirit you may abound in hope 	joy
	Father forgive me for my and help me live boldly in Your  	fear
	One of the best parts of my day is the commute into work Reflect on joys smile giggle and belly chuckle!  runs deep PBWY	joy
	well now ht I know where you two are going  let's meet in the magical field of rape! SEX	surprise
	Amazing grace is the worst song Why is it sung at every funeral I go to? Every time I hear it I cry My body is still shaking 	sadness
	sorry boutcha she has made it pretty clear that she doesn't do va jay jays along with butts/poop and puke! 	disgust
	Get to work early?  Yep am proud but to my dismay my supervisor is still not here  	sadness
	Un appel + un message de mon ancien responsable de stage  hmm est ce que je vais ecouter ce message ?	fear
	Don't Yu hate when ppl think Yu sub tweetin them ughme	disgust
	i want your  card! i wanna filled xmas card all over the living room walls!   	joy
	falling on stage tonight - gunna pretend to plank if it happens! thanks for the advice!!	fear
	Got in the car this morning and there was a chickfila waiting on me! 	surprise
	She Women share on of technology Fear of not being able to find/trust sone to help Impact: limit potential missed opportunities	fear
	Its all your FAULT that went home You knew she outsung Marcus ugh 	disgust
	Today's soundtrack goes along with the rain 	sadness
	My car is a magnet when it comes to ppl window-chalking dicks on it! :) 	surprise
	Thought it was gonna be a good day until I realized that I have to teach the heathen-ass kids in my Gym  Tumbling class 	joy
	My hair is going red againwhen I dyed it black I wanted it to be black :( 	anger
	Arg have to wait till february for more Walking Dead 	sadness
	2    = make pleasant wonderful  right now!     	sadness
	 is short live it  is rare grab it is bad dump it  is awful face it  are sweet cherish them	anger
	Its cute all these guys saying i wish all you girls looked like that Dont fucking kid yourself bro you wouldn't have a shot 	disgust
	Artest and Bynum for Howard is the only thing on my mind If it happens kobe might win 3 more rings This will be interesting! 	fear
	Out of sight out of mind!!! Nonetheless I still consider myself single 	joy
	i feel like one day soon ima get to release 17 years worth of pure like ima just tell somebody completely off walk the heck away	anger
	my family felt the need to do fall/winter cleaning today! 	joy
	It feels good to be back school 	surprise
	Nieuwe hoesje gekregen voor iPod nu wachten op kerst en dan krijg ik Ajax training pak XD	surprise
	“ im bout to start fuckn wit super fat sloppy bitches onlyim talkin lift my belly to get the poon poon”	disgust
	aww one of my mom's old special ed students from like 6 years ago came and visited her!! soo cute! that just made her day :)	surprise
	I hate when you crave food that you dont happen to have in your pantry 	sadness
	red wine trash tv 	joy
	still can't find that audio file I want nobody seems to have a copy of it anymore eitherDAMN YOU NON PHYSICAL FORM OF MEDIA!!! 	anger
	It was?!?! What the heck man! I always miss it! Haha - You guys need another reunion!! :)	sadness
	The nuts and bolts of  is easy: The nuts need not bolt           	fear
	BenForggiven if anyone fears the  they'll find any excuse to not  It's not that the message is wrong It's only their 	fear
	Family evening for a little  and celebration but first the old time family favorite Gourmette	surprise
	I came home from a long day of work to the sweetest thing ever :) 	surprise
	Spending good quality time together brings us 	joy
	yaa les cry bout it   lolol	anger
	wait since Sancha will be there We can't share nachos And I was really looking forward to that 	sadness
	SUCK IT mathlab I'm forever done with you You didn't teach me anything btw 	joy
	didnt notice you wanted to watch taylor swift dominate the AMA's more then you wanted to watch me slay dragons 	sadness
	My nephew iz a lil nasty wat kids lick bottom of shoes 	disgust
	Dan ternyata banyak nyawa tertolong oleh defibrillator (alat kejut jantung) (selain mungkin karna faktor msh ada usia :p) 	surprise
	Ppl are going crazy now-a-days killing babies kidnapping human trafficking 	sadness
	lolz we are freaking funny you didn't eat my lucky charms today 	sadness
	Time to bust out this online final and then work the rest of the day 	joy
	What am I doing on thanksgiving? Oh yeah skiing 	joy
	The Lord taketh pleasure in them that fear him in those that hope in his mercy& 147:11 (KJV)   	fear
	I opened my door and saw my niece and nephew :) 	surprise
	That awkward moment when it seems like the Easton bus is rarely there for us -______- 	surprise
	So blessed by those I've surrounded myself with and their loving support as graduation is near!  	joy
	There is nothing I like better than watching Daniel Day Lewis ambling around in period costumes yelling stuff with some awesome accent	joy
	Am I that boring for people to stop responding	sadness
	I'm so full  ready to sleep! Work at midnight 	joy
	Someday I'm gonna make a cardboard cutout of myself and sneak it in my best friends house :)	surprise
	Why is my Christmas spirit so delayed this year? 	sadness
	Wow seriously bummed that shut down ESPNU CollegeTown I don't know what I'm going to do with my life now  	anger
	Ok so I caught the winter cold bug looks like today will be a pup snuggling robe wearing dark room and sneezing fit sort of day! 	joy
	Bases loaded Lysaught gets a ground rule double and 2RBI Collins at the plate Sox lead 3-0 	joy
	There is no shame in being afraid We are all afraid of something 	fear
	I was so excited when I saw jason sudeikis made a twitter  	sadness
	I'm beginning to think that I can't pronounce my own name Today someone thought it was Kellen 	sadness
	Fact 70: My pillow pet never talks to me anymore David_Swyers	sadness
	It's so awesome to a woman when she gets outta the shower by eating her 	surprise
	good lad where you going?! Think I'm up pure 	surprise
	may not be gone this weekend afterall Evan bailed to go home and Natalie has exams after the weekend 	surprise
	Coming home from camp to a whole new redone room!!!!!!  	surprise
	3rd degree burn on my ear 	joy
	almost time to go to classstill gotta go home and pack so i can get ready to go to MD tomorrow lol its been like a year!	surprise
	The problem isnt the training or the prep or the lead up My fault comes when it's actually time for me to take the starting line 	fear
	A leader is a coach not a judge     	fear
	 The s not the problem-Your Attention 2 fearful possibilities s the attracting force Stop 8 quick -Cheryl Janecky  	fear
	I was going to wear my new heels tonight but they're too big no heels for me tonight	sadness
	farenizzi: Club full a sexy women and the best moments are just observing em	joy
	Setting up for this party is pretty fun Can't wait for tonight 	surprise
	Horrible morning off to another long ass day at work 	joy
	Never used to believe in envious eyes I guess shit changes eh? 	surprise
	Guess who's not going to get any sleep tonight 	joy
	Going home to blasting christmas music 	joy
	Hate my brothers playing super mario bros with the sound on full what a horrid way to wake up 	anger
	United States Post Offices: the harsher side of    	anger
	Thanksgiving is a time to be thankful for your family Fuck that I hate my family   	joy
	Of course nobody wants to see Kobe and Paul together! but they allowed Lebron wade and bosh to be together WTF	fear
	can change the flow of waterif u onceagain thrw bricks of anger it will bcum a dead end wall n not a dam likealways	anger
	I feel weak very very weak! I wish I could have the same persistence and courage of those in   	fear
	The annoying moment when I realize I left what I bought from Targetat Target 	joy
	:( but my friends will be there All the dentist is gonna do is nap me about evvvvvery fucking thing 	sadness
	Super upset that I can't be there to support my basketball girls tonight at their first game Good luck tonight girls!	sadness
	 Vale Vale si super Facil jejeje D: ! siii esta super  D: miralo y veres :( Pero hazlo es mejor hacerlo ha que no D: 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	I thought it was a bottle of green Kool-Aid turns out it was PJ 	surprise
	I had surf Sunday today in Muizenberg South Africa Got three hours on the waves in between shark alerts-	fear
	If I can survive til 4 pm Thursday I'll be happy af 	joy
	i want to destroy something to the point the cops would have to arrest me i'll probably burn down a house 	anger
	There is a hole in my belly and heart where and brinner should be 	sadness
	Would love to have best friend time but oh wait! is still in nompton and is in Florida Cool story bro 	sadness
	Timeline half filled with school people 	surprise
	just said she's watching harry potter - prisoner of alcatraz  	anger
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Big shout out to my brother Colby! Turning the big 6! Crazy how I turn 16 and he turns 6! 	surprise
	-- when you bite your cheek chewin somethin Then get back to business and bite it again in the same spot	anger
	Happy Hannukah! RT BestWorstAdvice: Want to let your parents know that you're gay? Tell them during Christmas dinner 	surprise
	aww mine doesn't do it and UK has to wait 3 months for the film 	sadness
	Supporting the work of the ministry with my tithes and offerings unto GOD!	joy
	So I was just asked to sing “Oh Danny Boy” at my Great Grandparents' funeral They aren’t even dead yet! 	sadness
	only class i have today is U101 and we're going to the challenge ropes course! which if course i cant do cause of my ankle 	joy
	That feeling when you know your slackin hard body on a shorty 	disgust
	Nice cup of tea! Never really been into tea but when its the quickest thing to make when your bored then its just   :)	joy
	The steelers are such a dirty team  and their QB is a rapist 	disgust
	is a utility of ! They created every disease on earth:     etc 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	could it be their obsession with terrorism  of attacks Jus asking	fear
	Canadian Magic show in Atlantic station 	surprise
	Getting ripped off by people that are supposed to help you - sucks Now it's war I won't let this one slide 	anger
	the drink my mom gave me to get rid of this cold  	disgust
	Not really sure how this happened but somehow the front cover of my agenda ripped off And the back cover is like half gone too 	sadness
	Surprisingly the Call Agent on  gave me a refund on my interest charge on my  cc very quickly! 	surprise
	About to go attempt to take our Christmas card picture at the Xmas tree farm  	joy
	Wonderful christmassy evening with friends seeing Kate Rusby at the Barbican AND she did 'underneath the stars' in the encore! 	joy
	Ugh! I Left My Favorite Plastic Headband AT THE FIELDS ! :( 	anger
	hoy comprobé que cuando se esta en la oscuridad hasta la misma sombra lo abandona a uno 	sadness
	back to real worldand studying 	joy
	OMG King Kong est dans la place !   	fear
	Sooooo Tired but I want to watch a movie 	sadness
	It's official I have dedication  determination I've been studying for Chemistry non-stop since 4pm yesterday 	joy
	I realized when I have to wake up from a nap before I want I'm cranky as hell!     lol	anger
	i still remember when i first met salma she thought i was a mean lemon :( laneisha did too 	sadness
	Today is    day )) So lets send or  and to our  on Twitter :) They are  **	joy
	fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear 	fear
	Gotta get up wayyy to early tomorrow That what I get for d-hall 	sadness
	oh well sats a fail then but Sunday I could meet you when you finish and then go start :-) 	joy
	Steel pump session in t minus 20 minutes 	joy
	just drank a pound of vegetables in one cup wow that was gross my cells are like ooooooh though  	surprise
	As soon as I get back home I'll be ready to go back to campus 	sadness
	Metal spiral notebooks why do I buy you? I fuckin' hate you   	anger
	Of course the basketball players would make a presentation about sports 	surprise
	lol I have no idea On a side note I haven't read it since may 	sadness
	Today was a sad day :( Im gonna miss you Emily  	sadness
	I did it! I conquered nerves and  THANK YOU SO MUCH for learning the song  lol 'preciate it :)	fear
	Stupid laptop tht likes to pick and choose when it wants to work properly 	anger
	bad hair day wednseday  we have cheer pictures today  	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Car OUI la StarAc' n'est pas morte outre-Atlantique 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Heading back home 	joy
	You know I spend money cause spending time is hopeless and know I pop bottles cause i bottle my emotions  	fear
	When I walk in on my dad taking a poop  lol lock the door	disgust
	When you find out that a nice girl is actually a fucking bitch 	surprise
	Went to the new balance outlet and switched all the left shoes with right onesthat's what you get for not trying them on 	surprise
	Icing on the top was the video Surreal  sickening It's interesting how things like this go viral 	disgust
	my mom is so sneaky she even put  getting a new iphone on fbook well played mama well played 	surprise
	some  ians want to replace a military dictatorship with a civilian one to avoid elections at any cost 	fear
	Jillian_McNamee just started baking I bet you can't guess what I'm making for tomorrow 	surprise
	all i wanna do is have some fun (: cannot wait to go WHEREVER we're going tonight 	surprise
	I feel great slept from 2230 until my alarm went off why have you the ?	fear
	Don’t play games with an  they’re far too intelligent and they’ll probably lose their tempers real quick this is so me haha 	anger
	all my wishes to my lovely beautybugs in the US happy thanksgivings! XOXO 	joy
	Had to skip gym today 	sadness
	Happiness is an act in which you choose to bebut joy is an emotion in which no one can break! Gm and live on this day	joy
	Je préssens la happy end  	surprise
	If it weren't for the mistakes and drops the  might rise to the level of an average team   	sadness
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	Don't feel good 	surprise
	OMG!  Chris just voiced concern that our  meeting tmrw might cause Jaxx more bullying  This is why the bullies win!! =(	fear
	totally :C  + the whole santana thing was sad :C And also kurt is like too disparate now of getting to NYADA :C 	sadness
	A bachelorette party came in to The Local with a cheesehead with a veil attached 	sadness
	guess I'm finding out how far my car will go with no gas 	joy
	The whole time I've been working my brother has been sleeping! Fat slob! 	anger
	well i just left my book at school soooo no essay 	sadness
	lol ok alot of people me but a few  get to know me first then me then ur fear r valid :)	fear
	Listening to Classical Christmas music while putting up my roommate's Chanukah decorations 	joy
	Just put on a pair of jeans that were too small at the beginning of school and now they fit 	surprise
	Remember that very little is needed to make a happy life ~ Marcus Aurelius  RT anitabondi	joy
	Im actually in a good mood for a change :) 	surprise
	 u just show up without me knowing u r coming! 	surprise
	OH at bed bath and beyond: keurig has Starbucks coffee 	joy
	You Know I Spend Money Because Spending Time Is Hopeless 	fear
	I gotta start paying attention! I missed my 1400th tweet! 	sadness
	Success is winning even in defeat !!! no one but god	fear
	Kitty slept in her crate last night I didn't like it 	sadness
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	The movie click is old but one of my favs the ending when he dies makes me tear up 	sadness
	Just as a problem shared is a problem halved so joy shared is doubled Looking forward to my next creative moment with nicfergus	joy
	man ii really having to have control over my only Fool show there emotions or so ii heard ii STiLL dONt likE THAT OLD' BiTCH	anger
	Lazy glistening Sunday afternoon Mass tonight at the Eucharistic Shrine 	joy
	Just found out one of my followers is gay didn't see that coming in grade school	surprise
	And would be back right in time for 4th block --	joy
	eww RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	it is imperitive that i go to ear x-tacy tomorrow i must say my goodbyes and buy a crap ton of cds   	sadness
	I don't mind telling you I am absolutely fuming SOMEONE has used all my sandwich bags AND LEFT THE BOX IN THE CUPBOARD 	anger
	“OliviaaaG: Some people seriously me” yeah like people who never answer my phone calls beeeeatch	disgust
	I miss u more that a fat kid on a diet misses food 	sadness
	Gisteravond had ik nog een briljant idee in me hoofd voor een Sinterklaas gedicht Alleen is me blaadje nu nog leeg 	surprise
	very true and it's only going to get worse tomorrow! 	joy
	Things brought me 2day: 1Finding out I dont have tonsillitis 2Discovering I had lunch in office fridge 3This chocolate pudding cup!	joy
	Found out im gonna be with sarah bo barah in ny for one day!!! Eggcitement :) 	surprise
	It's true and I are long lost twins that live across the country 	sadness
	I love this cypha That's  ya'll/That's ya'll/That's  ya'll  'Flava Of Forever' by et la off 'Anthem'	joy
	Irredeemable vol 6  7 to go and then I will be out of comics for the rest of my trip 	sadness
	No better feeling than being curled up under the warm covers for an afternoon nap 	joy
	I never knew Mila Kunis was the voice for Meg on Family Guy 	surprise
	Had a dream that I was walking to Trader Joe's to get some chocolate but woke up before I ate any 	sadness
	Yayayayay let's go JETS can't wait for the game! You're gonna love the stadium Biggest in NFL  	surprise
	Hear Shit Disturbing cat making noise downstairs Fear the worse   	fear
	is abuse retaliate is knowledge!!!Honey love~	anger
	I guess my babies aren't sleeping over today :( 	sadness
	 more days in Sydney then im NewZealand bound Last trip before study mode next  	sadness
	Ce soir l'ordi de la Deauville a remis tous les compteur à zéro (sauf km total) comme si j'avais débranché la batterie cc fabvil	fear
	Considering heading into town to brave the Christmas shopping 	fear
	I only have two class periods left with my favorite teacher 	sadness
	Ce matin je veux parler à une vraie fan   de me laisser ton num (  )	surprise
	I love a good surprise in the morning!! 	surprise
	Removal van outside Looks like it's taking noisy argumentative neighbours and their stuff out of my life forever 	joy
	I can now actually tolerate and just so happen to love the song 'pretty girl rock' thanks to and 3 	surprise
	Our brighter future where good education = drilling and passing Stndard tests The Lottery 2010 youtubecom/watch?v=2cQfrS 	sadness
	I thought your twitter had been deactivated! It wouldn't let me mention you in mine :( 	sadness
	Ah mais faut crier sur un soft pour qu'il fonctionne ok ok ok  : insultes+rage = du soft work \0/	fear
	Great company indeed Women have that insightfulness to be their own corporate entity 	joy
	Today was actually a pretty alright day! Selling my DS and games tomorrow so I can buy his christmas present :) 	surprise
	God? You there? I know I don't talk to you much but please watch over me todat especially when I get home   	fear
	Dans un taxi avec une conductrice dingue Discours sans queue ni tête J'avais juste demandé si ça roulait sur le périf 	fear
	5 days in New Orleans 2 days with my GBF JimMaybeJames Maybe I'll see out and about in my mouth 	joy
	Listening to Christmas music is making my day oh so merry and bright 	joy
	When I told here were going to get her birthday gift she was all smiles!! 	surprise
	[Or hear] I do not  in   am SURE of it  I am not  because I feel no worthiness in me?	fear
	Bath finish x factor and science til early hours of the morn -_-	joy
	a thin line and sometimes no damn line at all! gang initiation = hazing in the eyes of many! 	sadness
	 around this time last weekyeea all I can say is didn't see that one coming 	surprise
	Thanks 4 all the hard work Can't wait 2 rewatch on dvd when available	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	yeah I GUESS I can wait! And I'm leaning towards McNattie Ps You no longer rhyme with me 	sadness
	Ok gonna try hard to sleep now! Got work at 7 	sadness
	well no test tomorrow its Sunday but I have to submit a paper online 2 more for Monday I really dont have enough time :[	joy
	R u weary or  It is the  of the grace of   alone that can uplift your soul Seek Him and find true and 	joy
	Meluk oppa lee dink RT kalau seorang didepanmu apa yg kalian lakukan? Dijawab yahhh :)	surprise
	Just noticed I left my science binder home 	joy
	Prolific offender released from prison this morning was met by officers at the prison gate and arrested for an aggravated Burglary 	surprise
	For some reason while running on the treadmill I keep seeing hwinkler4real's mortgage commercials and I am refreshed CovinoandRich	joy
	Going home now! School tomorrow! --	joy
	Boston tomorrow for Monster Jam! Add more artists and 	surprise
	:c RT dope_ass_pepe: Its weird how I tweet but yet I've never talked to her at school? Oo 	sadness
	Amen! RunningQuotes: Do the work Do the analysis But feel your run Feel your race Feel the that is ~Kara Goucher	joy
	A  of a rice cake does not satisfy hunger  saying         	joy
	If wife asks why I smell of perfume I'm going to plead ignorance Put lipstick on my shirt The when she opens her xmas present 	surprise
	“1CLEOPATRAJONES: What??? Ain't no mo wine???? Jesus Pass the water please We thirsty ”•••Haaay keep the party going!	joy
	Seriously?? If Marcus had shouted a sob story he would have clearly won but no a dignified talented act can't win  	anger
	Now excuse me while I go read till like 1 in the morning    of course I have to be a slow reader 	joy
	hey when is our final in accounting?  	fear
	So pissed off  Cant wait till practice so i can let some of this out	anger
	i'm appriciating you ripping the belly button apart :( thanks  	sadness
	is all to do with  Have Faith in the perfect  which casts out fearWho is that perfect love?  	fear
	I keep forgetting that el tarasco in wc doesn't have a liquor license anymore 	sadness
	Right here we go for the 6 hour drive down south to the in-laws 	joy
	Too freshcame home to a new flat screen TV 	surprise
	xlmami's dress!!! Who knows what color it will be!!! RT Gabriellegance: who is the surprise guest	surprise
	Smokin purplehaze listening to this song always brings me out a tough mood	fear
	Goh ik ben wel creatief als ik zo naar de surprise kijk die ik aant maken ben voor Maandag  	surprise
	Uhhooo dentist after school biggest ever probably really not looking forward to this	fear
	So our screening has been cancelled to make way for a third simultaneous screen of   Screw you Vue 	disgust
	Gasp! Someone mentioned me in a tweet?! Nope just spam 	sadness
	Damn i thought we were friendsbut i really don't you like bitch Haha 	surprise
	Wowww Thesis wrecks Wordpress for all future theme uses 	sadness
	Heeft iemand vanavond nog een nietmachine + lijm voor mij? (als dat nog nodig schijnt te zijn?)  	surprise
	spending quality time with my partner and baby brings me i cannot wait for our first Christmas day on our own this year	joy
	ugh babe hugggzzz for u !  babe naamazed nga ako e babe e despite nega's mas pinaramdam at fil ko ang 	joy
	WHY WILL NOONE TELL US WHAT THE BLOODY ENGLISH HOMEWORK MEANS? 	anger
	ya n conform news he didnt mock our thalivan 	fear
	Eye appointment time 	joy
	I miss football season at ACA :/ 	sadness
	I'm starting to get anxious about tonight's date What if we have nothing to talk about? What if I have to buy my own drinks? 	fear
	Effff this 4 hour driving class today Gonna make me be at school from 7 to 7 	joy
	Good thing that parenting final was easy Now I get to relax until 5th hour 	joy
	wel both be shook men come Monday the fear is waitin for us at Dublin airport with a sign 	fear
	Not gonna lie that elephant lion in 3D made me jump   ?	surprise
	Aint that the truth RT Linderella97: I miss football season at ACA :/ 	sadness
	I have learned to be content in any situation  I thank God for peace that surpasses ALL understanding  	joy
	how is avocado on a sandwich?  Curious 2 try but don't wanna waste a sandwich lol	fear
	Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are   	joy
	Gotta love when your little brother spoils a party!	surprise
	I love it when my  drops in unexpectedly!! :)	surprise
	the heartstopping moment where you think you've pulled out your headphones in the silent library 	fear
	haha I actually dont mind it so half sarcasm Playtime soon? End the 	sadness
	Morning So tired :(  I have a full day of lectures! Not to mention the thrill of litter picking and sweeping up of leaves 	joy
	Why wont twitter let me change my background :( 	sadness
	Loudly singing to Ceremonials and writing again  :) I don't know what changed my mind but I'm happy	joy
	oh wow this is a firstthe popup ad that I was actually interested in reading disappeared without me clicking it 	sadness
	when won AI I was in his hometown of Garner Then he had a party in Southern Pines where I was! Never saw him 	sadness
	you have incredible talent!!!! Sharing your video with everyone :) 	joy
	he hates surprises but it will a nice vibe tonight at dinner with family guests his father uncle and untie	surprise
	When you're attached to someone your self-seeking nature  insecurity would not let them go be  do what they are meant to be or do 	fear
	So many movies on today! I chose the Star Wars marathon  	surprise
	You you had my hopes up and you slaped me in the face You let her DIE How? How in the world could you do that to me?  	anger
	OMG this house tune came on my pandora and almost me mess my hair cut up! Feeling free in 	joy
	big ass regalo on her back 	surprise
	Enjoying a friendly talk under the heavy rain 	joy
	My ex a quadruple hoe!! Sumbodi need to gne stop playin w/ her Lil scaryDA LOUDEST DOG N DA POUND KEEP HIS TAIL TUCKED N HIS ASS!! 	fear
	Ah ouais d'accord j'imagine On commence à avoir les mêmes à la maison 	fear
	It's your birthday today! FUCK THAT 	surprise
	Gedoucht en ben echt moe! Gelukkig vandaag geen lang dagje! En als ik thuis kom moet ik ook nog even een gedicht maken! 	surprise
	I don't know but I feel like death 	sadness
	LOLL so am I!!! Should be illegal to make us wait 4 weeks!!!! 	anger
	I feared messing up a good thing and messed it up trying not to mess it upsmh 	fear
	At times our biggest is not the one we can not fightbut the one we can fight	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Packed lunch for a long day at the dirty dirty dirty library 	sadness
	thanks 4 having me Great seeing u Hope u home safe BED  hanging here  	fear
	 RT Sharif_Williams: “SWHS_Tae: Ctfu I still ain't get it back im supposed to get it back tomorrow” 	fear
	Good Morning Everyone Please Try to manage your since people can't manage their  	anger
	Nothing like a good cry I guess  	sadness
	Who the hell found our Facebook page using Bing and can I bar them from the premises for using Bing? 	disgust
	my life is a mess what is wrong with me? 	sadness
	Time to get started on this make-up work from missing 20 days of school 	joy
	They  should make a second  movie where  wears the ring of 	fear
	I found JhunJhun! And my phone is finally and officially broken Lol Also when am I beating you at tennis again? )	sadness
	if u say sum bout me behind my back its  sum u bout me!	fear
	Im so happy right now I got some good news about photography  Can't rly believed I cried infront of mah boo  	joy
	Helemaal stukgelegen om t cadeau dat ik me broertje heb gegeven een houten legpuzzel van boerderijdieren xd 	surprise
	“Sam_JL: du moment que tu coupes pas  !” serait ce une menaces mon amour ? LOL 1 word 	surprise
	After all that ive been through I still have  The joy of the Lord is my strength The devil cant steal my joy  GM TWEEPS!!!!	joy
	yeah i think u deserve a reward for that	surprise
	 is like the red headed male  step-child of who ain't come out the closet and got a black sheep for a pet	fear
	Eindelijk heeft iedereen in het  huis door dat mike een loser is waarmee je niet gezien wil worden 	surprise
	Movie on black civil rights?   kanye lol	sadness
	i remember when i did that :'D omghaha RT LordBieber: Well decided she needed a haircut and took it upon her self ug 	joy
	They're playing Manchester Orchestra in between actsHey Allston Pudding I really would have liked to go to that concert 	anger
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Nothing hurts worse than taking away what he loves to do mostPut in quarterbacks on Sunday 	fear
	Do the thing you fear and the death of fear is certain  - RW Emerson  	fear
	Was so excited that it was saturday last day of my work week  Then I remembered that I have to work tomorrow too 	sadness
	Do not grieve for the joy of the LORD is your strength Nehemiah 8:10  	joy
	 JUST CONFIRMED I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO LOOKS AT THE NBA SCHEDULE DAILY 	sadness
	News night report on vulture capitalists Not sure I should watch this before bed time 	anger
	Bahahahahawalkin around trying to look cute with snot running down their nose	sadness
	SO TRUE! I ALWAYS FALL BACK OF THE WORST HAPPENING!	fear
	can do the hush puppy  step!	fear
	OMG Wallace hit a pass on a sideline!! He has touch and accuracy after all 	surprise
	I get all excited by these food advertisements then I remember I'm giving up meat 	sadness
	I feel horrible!!! I guess that's wat i get for being such a butt to my frand =(  	sadness
	It was lots of fun at with and DJ_En3rgy Weren't too many obnoxious douches last night	fear
	well I'm sure Saturday morning will make up for it :D (also you last tweet best not be about me!) Haa	surprise
	I wonder if my new emoticon keyboard works in Twitter  It does! Probably only visible to iPhone/iPad users tho 	sadness
	I would love to taste all this yummy food my mom brought me but I can't taste shit cause I'm sick 	sadness
	QA w/   helps fuel him -at society war Got away w/ Natural Born Killers only because he was hot then!	anger
	here I am at work on pizza sunday There's no pizza 	sadness
	twitter aint make you mad so dont take your out on twitter	anger
	I don't need to swear to anything Punch your mrs and you'll wake up with your dick on your pillow next to bloody scissors 	fear
	Trying to support a friend whose world just came crashing down on her 	sadness
	The morning bother photographers w/ many emails is over now to begin the eating and taking the bus to work w/ screaming children!! 	joy
	faceaw av U̶̲̥̅̊ bin??? U̶̲̥̅̊ change ur handle baaLouhlahSteez: hey sweeriewats up	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Genre ! Dommage pas la VOD ce soir 'Qu'ils mangent de la brioche !'	fear
	Mr Gee is obviously my favorite teacher 	surprise
	Mother daughter bonding day 	joy
	Yes!  Dan Aykroyd and John Candy!   aw Heart attack joke  	sadness
	Waiting for the metro 10 minutes 	joy
	Deleted my [insert joke here] tweet Hope Mr Jackson spends all of his life in jail And all of his afterlife in hell 	anger
	Stupid drink machine stole my dollar 	anger
	*PRIE POUR QUE LE BUS ARRIVE PLUS VITE À COMMERCE *	fear
	I remember when Lupe would rap for the length that I just heard and the world would be unearthed when he was through 	sadness
	I can die a happy woman because I have loved another with all my heart and soul  that's enough for me  	sadness
	««not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »»	fear
	I'm dreading getting back to real life   me too=[	sadness
	My friend is trippin' SHE GOT HER PHONE BACK !!  	joy
	i dont think i would do a surgery on my self just knowing they put yew to sleep gets em scared wut if yew dont wake up =/ 	fear
	we can't stop here this is DRONE country!!! 	fear
	It is 4 minutes until Cody Simpson in NYC and im not there you'll do great love 33	sadness
	“Kota_GotHoesMad: bout to take a bath relax listen to sme ♪♩♪♩ and wait on my )” caking ass lol love u nite	surprise
	Today: pancakes for breakfast mcdonalds for lunch opryland for an hour  a half  nothing now 	joy
	The moment of when mother nature departs	joy
	Bout I'm pissed I wasn't there to buss a couple Bixches ass 	anger
	I can't retweet stuff in the public domain re T at the moment I hate people treating me as if I am clinically stupid 	anger
	I don't feel so good      	joy
	Cleaning my room and pissed off again this is getting old fast  	anger
	    Hear my cry for help my King and my God for to you I pray Psalm 5:2	sadness
	Weet er alles van! Morgen weer verder met Wat een feest toch ben er alweer klaar mee!! Suc6 met 	surprise
	In de regen sinterklaas cadeaus gekocht Maar wel mooi binnen een half uur klaar! 	surprise
	Transpose transpose transpose 	joy
	Curry for dinner tonight 	joy
	I got a surprise for all you bitchespull the ribbon :)	surprise
	Look what just crawled up outa the basement Yeeuup sisters back from college 	surprise
	So relieved I got that shitty seminar out of the way Now all I have are 2 tests this week and another presentation 	joy
	 lets hear it  sleep with josh someone let's hear it  	sadness
	percuma juara umum sea games tapi di cap sea games yg paling ancur spanjang sejarah ┐(´～`)┌ 	sadness
	Men have body image issues too We need to be aware of the side effects of injections for muscle growth 	anger
	Feeling like a dope In Vegas most of my coworkers were also friends (you know who you are!) Here I can't seem to make that happen 	sadness
	Wachten op pap en dan richting laura 	surprise
	Developing Browne Sugas film today 	surprise
	SMELL MY ARMPIT PLEASE RT hddyyy: I get pumped up whenever I start disturbing Marsya Hahahaha later she'll feel like crying xD	joy
	God is my rock  fortress  strong tower  He changed my life forever with a single prayer        	joy
	I know your joking cos it's all  in the family Thought of drink gives me 	fear
	time for some maths homework 	joy
	Nothing like finding out that  totally changed the way it does access-groups+NAT from 82 to 84 	surprise
	Fuck  YOU! RT She has the ass of a 14 year old Asian girl 	sadness
	Damn this music video is going to be sick I have the best cast and crew in the world And one very special prop piece  ) 	surprise
	Another reason to hate Hitler: he made the subscriptions that fall out of your magazine Just when we thought you couldnt be lamer 	surprise
	is False evidence appearing real shared via a FB ! Such !	fear
	OMG IM GOING TO LA SEE YOU READ HOW THE GRINCH STOLE CHRISTMAS 	surprise
	Our storms are designed to test out Faith As a Christian we have the power to WIN in every situation Cry but keep flying  	joy
	Omg a compliment de jss emue la proféssie maya avait raison 	joy
	can't call sex line Has to be 18 	sadness
	reply to my mail am kinda desperate 	sadness
	fare una ricerca offerte di lavoro su google fa venire la depressionecosìse non lo sapevate sapevatelo! 	sadness
	You want    - don't pay it any of it and watch the system crash Then we can create a shareconomy  	fear
	I like this!not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	This is going to kill thebillyfinnega! RT Funny Girl no longer coming back to broadway 	sadness
	Can't believe we feel this way but please  lose today And lose badly   	sadness
	lol cos I saw on tv that Rick gana only perform in Joburg 	sadness
	This class is pointless and I want to rip my hair out for it making me be awake at this time 	anger
	Snow day!!!& tree up and decorated Christmas tunes dozen candy canes egg nog  good mood Feels like Christmas already :) 	joy
	I'm sorry but as much as I do like Big Time Rush they should not have to use and mess up an All Time Low song for their new album 	anger
	found my christmas presents -__- 	surprise
	Syd is sick D': my poor little froggy If he doesn't make it at least he lived a long life :c 	sadness
	THANK YOU!    RT Happy Thanksgiving SusanCosmos! God bless you and us all and also Be Happy! :D	joy
	HAHAA RT Naneeen_: I need to shave down there ao I can make sure I don't have a yeast infection 	sadness
	Coming of the  The fire of God not only destroys the  of man but it also implants the of  	fear
	Of course folks get to *vote* for Ugg At least they did in Toronto City certainly has a caveman in charge 	joy
	Wait I come home to a guy holding people hostage in an exon? I thought I left Newburgh 	fear
	Not being able to distinguish a dream from reality 	sadness
	at lukes basketball gamemaybe getting our ears pierced laterwho knows what this day could hold 	surprise
	I'm exhausted but can't sleep  I just want my nap  	sadness
	Came out of nowhere! RT VaradVarenya: Whoa! Anna Hazare's reaction to  slap: Ek hi thapad mara?  [via ANI_news]	surprise
	 aggie is cracking jokes I class 	surprise
	Si! Lei le piglia con la carta igienica e poi le butta nel waterio ho troppo schifo per farlo! I ragni li ODIO ç___ç 	fear
	God! Need to hide from  It's so unsafe! There is a creep!!!  	fear
	beyonce and jay expecting twins got damn how famous are there kid gonna be whole time i hope they dnt even do music me	surprise
	Good Night! Been ill for almost a week now Never taught I would actually say that I look foreward to school tomorrow 	surprise
	yes they use words 2cover facts for Israelis  foreigners capitalizing on unawareness 2spread  get support 	fear
	Or for that matter Awesome Save yourself and I sometime and don't bother sending me your shitty sales pitch  	anger
	- My  in building up to the point we're im finna start hitting niggas !	anger
	Waking up early tomorrow :( 	joy
	is a choicebut not an easy choiceJONATHAN LOCKWOOD HUIE	joy
	The album isnt out in my country yet guess im not gonna get my day made by follow or RT guess its not my lucky day 	sadness
	Headache  headed back to cs for work at  	joy
	Scared to get up in th morning incase i cant walk   	fear
	De toptweet van dit moment gaat over Xmas terwijl Sinterklaas de volgende weekenden al mijn aandacht gaat vragen 	surprise
	so gassed about turning 18 he thinks hes a man your still a bitch	surprise
	Fuck man! Can't get over the fact that I live in durbanville :( wana move to town side!!! So I can see all my friend more! mis home	sadness
	Sharing a hotel room with my snoring parents 	joy
	Morning after the night before No hangover no fear although waddya know the Missus has the hump 	surprise
	'Gripped by fear' is an oddly apt phrase for times when it feels like fear is gripping you It's like you're being gripped by fear 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I stay away from niggas that can land me in some trouble and ima keep it honest I'm so tired of bein studdle 	fear
	today = shitcockfuckballsandshitdickarsetwat mixed with overwhelming feelings of joy confusing times need a gin  	joy
	So sleepy and bored But tonight there will be tree decorating and chicken soup Also writing 	surprise
	Set up a couple of computers and taught I/O devices to children in StLouis orphanage home :) 	joy
	Working soon in willowick  thirsty Thursday!!! 	joy
	is used to control and limit choiceFear NOTHING!	fear
	Don't ask me about being a women's studies major because i'm not going to be able to give you the answer you want 	anger
	 judges made the right choice Didn't think they were going to do it Johnny prepared three nice courses 	surprise
	Expect your life to be filled with joy and it will be   	joy
	Annnnnd we found the PERFECT present But hannahs mom already got it for her Amy and i have to hit the stores again :) 	joy
	Our pastor asked us to join in him in fasting for 40 days in this: eat right and exercise   	joy
	new fave thing to watch: a Mets win Will be as sporadic as a Reyes triple He may have more triples than we have wins 	sadness
	I can only get my purple hair dye online	sadness
	In God's presence is fullness of     	joy
	Bomb! I'm done my essay :) :) :) finally	joy
	lol don't make be get your new somali brodaas to discipline you 	fear
	Secret Santa time with the co-workers 	surprise
	Rah on peut rien de cacher ! Je pleurs toutes les larmes de mon corps 	sadness
	Everyone else is getting ready to go out and I'm getting ready to start ny hamlet questions 	joy
	is just a lie to us  cause our God is strong enough to save us	fear
	and here I was about to tweet for the wind and rain to stfu so I can go the fuck to sleep  	anger
	Bus stop cigaret vending machines& even if you didn't smoke you are now 	sadness
	ben al best ver met de van thuis maar voor school S	surprise
	Reminiscing and talking about how sad it is being seniors when ironically Graduation comes on at Roadhouse Pub  	sadness
	and I made these cinnamon pancakes Enjoying it with herbal tea and oka 	joy
	Ah ahnwuh apind?? Bbm!!Bluepearlie: Am even angry oh!RT Namteerah: Bluepearlie: Why pretend we r coolwen all you do is	anger
	'Do not hasten to resort to lest it prevail over you by becoming a ’ 	anger
	Thank you for making clear that I'm  I understand who truly is family    	anger
	I Love You  *Ughhghghghg* Im Sick Of Writing This Everyday  You Dont Even Notice Me :( ! 	sadness
	Pssst My latest follower looks like they broke into my house and took a picture with my lamp! 	fear
	Lachen! Surprise van Tygo is geslaagd! Kadootjes zijn goed ontvangen die in de zat alleen zit de ontvanger met een 	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I'm hungry!  the hotel tried to feed me nasty sausages this morning 	disgust
	i feel bad because i put the story on the website and people are going to get mad at me :/  	sadness
	A good day!! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	of the Unknown  replace  and  with ambiguity and uncertainty    	fear
	Smokesuminden RT MrTinkTinkIzFlY: Can't stand whn I get off that's when I'm WIDE AWAKE {O_O}  	sadness
	I expect a celebratory christmas nuzzle before xmas or I might die  	sadness
	I'm no longer the mayor of Columbus Crew Stadium on foursquare :( 	sadness
	Philophobia of emotional attachment Fear of being in or falling in love	fear
	Itchy eyes sore throat sore muscles dizzy This is not how I planned my saturday 	joy
	BBC's match reports are always the best Sky are just stupid 	surprise
	Radio degraded from some good songs to absolute shit 	sadness
	Standing next to a 4 star general and he randomly says fuckno one questions it 	fear
	Mon voisin de train d'hier soir s'est sifflé 7 bières un paquet de nicorette et a communiqué avec sa vitre pendant trois heures 	fear
	Ingrediënten: een cadeautje zilverkleurig karton 2 pakken bami-mix marker (zwart) restjes papier en een beetje geduld 	surprise
	when i become famous i will make the effort to tweet people back!!! 	anger
	Poor Josh drove all the way home :( 	sadness
	I cry 2 tears  one for  one for im just happy to be here :)	joy
	Pizza man suspending presadenticail& surprise  he fuckin sexual assultar	surprise
	After what  news has brought out in the news there is NO way our family will ever fly Sad but true  it sucks actually 	fear
	Do not be sad It has been  / written for you / Your will come when it is time James Kavanaugh	joy
	Simply RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Ok estudiantes of Oklahoma State the student section is basically empty  	sadness
	It's right towards the end if you don't want to hear the whole thing He does a shout out to you 4 me	surprise
	Lots of nice things today but meeting an old colleague in my new place of work was tops :)	surprise
	Tomorrow? BSC Flowers Cousin's place Necklace Card Message Plan 	surprise
	- I can hear Any Winehouse's new album playing downstairs 	sadness
	I'm going to feel extremely hungry tomorrow from not enjoying the yearly Thanksgiving meal 	sadness
	Makes me smile that I can now delete my accidental tweets from my iPhone with this new Twitter and not have to jump on the laptop :) 	joy
	Feeling empty inside 	sadness
	Walked into the last day of class to find out there is a quiz 	surprise
	Dit weekend ondersteuning bieden aan kind bij makenWas het maar waarkan het vast wel weer alleen opknappen 	surprise
	Some fucking gross guy at my house is cutting our turkey and I'm watching him touch every single piece and he didn't wash his hands 	disgust
	Ya mejor me ire a dormir :S im scared haha alrato d seguro terminare pasandome al cuarto d mi mama xD 	fear
	Everything changes on a dime Just letting go and watching the magic flow 	joy
	So fucking pissed off Fuck bum ass low life's  every single one of you me!	disgust
	My christmas decorations in my room are making me so happy!! 	joy
	bout to take a bath relax listen to sme ♪♩♪♩ and wait on my )	surprise
	Decided this is gonna be a good day and started my assignments straight after my morning coffee 	joy
	Welcoming clients to the studio this morning with Nicki Minaj playlist Hope they realize who they hired ! :)	surprise
	unburden  That's what I want to do I hope that google has translated correctly! hahaha 	fear
	Looking forward to 2012 what has the Good Lord have in store for me! 	surprise
	Im with you ArthurLouis was my gut choiceNiemi has nothing in his books about him  of 	surprise
	setting up my grandpas tv with my dad x_x 	joy
	Sometimes in life u just have to DO IT holds people back from doing so many things!	fear
	Honestly RT mikaeladyke: Thank you Monday for reminding me why I hate reading the news  	sadness
	We underestimate the power of and the grip that it has in our lives and on the  we make Especially in matters of 	fear
	Lekker aan het knutselen en rijmen met een glas wijn ter inspiratie waarvoor dank ProefOostenrijk	surprise
	Je monte dans ma chambre tout ce qui se trouvait sur mon lit et ma chaise (un sacrée bordel) se trouve maintenant par terre 	surprise
	Bah si tu regardes mon mac vaut plus chère Mais je sais pas si je vais finir mon année alors on verra bien 	surprise
	Lmao RT FLASH100: WTF she damn near a super model she must think I have money lol 	surprise
	Un merci tout spécial aux voisins qui ont décidé de DEFONCER l'immeuble pendant MES VACANCES ! 	surprise
	oh wow im right now  someone is finally waking up	surprise
	It's snowing on Michigan avenue the pretty kind I am SO happy   	joy
	Wish they sold egg nog year round 	sadness
	Seeds of discouragement cannot grow in a grateful heart     	joy
	Turns out is the poor-man's Nathan Drake But he cannot pull off the half-tuck 	sadness
	Teehee RT dahlhalla: That terrifying day has comewhen you realize your team is playing ShannonPoe's team! 	fear
	I cannot believe I'm going to leave TJ Maxx without those Kate Spade boots I'm losing it 	sadness
	I take it back rick tea biscuits are 	joy
	I have management issuesstillafter taking dem sucky ass classes 3 times already smgdh	anger
	Sandusky's wife is sick in the head for defending her husband All those boys raped-molested and she defends him!!! 	disgust
	Nick just officially left for Tennessee 	sadness
	startin yah work late young lady Lmfao	sadness
	your right its peter Hey what ya doin? This law and order sode is about child sex abuse that shits takin ova da media 	disgust
	Extremely disappointed in the bears I was hoping this was the week someone shuts up the Tebow homo's 	sadness
	man nesanak man vienkārši nesanāk :( man čist nesanāk vienmēr visi visu par nopietnu uztver jeb neparizi pasniedzu x4	sadness
	Most of my boos have lost so far I need the Chicago Made Punk to come thru for me	sadness
	Dear Santa New xbox controller please Just smashed mine due to being fuckin shit on  	anger
	Hein quoi? Rendez vous chez la boutique de scoot pour poser un coffre à 9h? UN SAMEDIIII? Mais vous êtes cinglé? Je dors quand ?? 	surprise
	so happy my mommy took work off over winter break to spend time with me :) 	joy
	Tailgating is the bane of my existence while driving on route one  	anger
	omg em menos de 2 semanas agr que eu me toquei! It's gonna be amazing! Party all night (88'	joy
	bwahaha!! Alam ko na sagot dun pards! E ikaw? Ayaw m share sa akin plans m0? Haha :))	surprise
	Come back! We miss the Jungle Bookers!! Jonathan is being a delight as per usual 	joy
	So it looks lke the Nuggets are taking over altitudetv Does that mean the Avs will be pushed to Altitude 2 for most game? 	disgust
	Shit! MY professor used The First World Series as the example topic for the paper I'm writing so I can't use it 	sadness
	people with trashy tattoos me seriously that has no meaning?	disgust
	Speak in and you'll give the greatest speech you'll ever 	anger
	Can't sleep tomorrow will be a long day 	joy
	So whether you eat or drink or whatever you do do it all for the glory of God 1 Corinthians 10:31 NIV 	joy
	So annoyed you said you'll make more effort? Did I see effort today? No 	anger
	they were a big part if my life too Ian brown too 	fear
	Last night was a sesh but ended with a 250 quid pair of pradas covered in chund  	joy
	ain't america grand let's all be thankful for what we have cause it's shiny and they told us we'll like it on TEEVEE 	fear
	Bro team lost  Least he played with swag 	sadness
	Imagine the look of when Mum opens her  to a  full of Jamie's Gourmet ! Email infojamiesgourmetcomau	surprise
	Mais n'importe quoi Tu vas les atteindre tes 25ans je veux pas payer des frais d'envoi pour rien! :)	surprise
	Apparently bum fighting has gone the way of the dodo 	sadness
	wow is that a nice carborator if u had one like that maybe sum1 would  end your ?	sadness
	you cant buy you have to  everything in life for  to  it  on a   aka  	joy
	TO THE WORLD! THE  HAS COME! LET EARTH RECEIVE HER KING!!!!!! 	joy
	I can't wait to buy my mom something awesome 	surprise
	 last forever last til the person gets over it and confronts it or til someone badder comes along	fear
	I wish i have dos Bank PHB feelings again Dis 1 is too dull wit no swaggs 	anger
	Hoy va a ser un dia muuuuuy movidito desde la una en adelante :) 	joy
	Missing my roomie kendallkraus my room seems empty!    	sadness
	G ma say my daddy gon be here n 2 hours he won't talk to me call his self tryna me lol	surprise
	shits bout to get real for b ri and matt 	anger
	In the long run anytime we avoid doing the right thing out of fear we die a little inside - John Ortberg  	fear
	I like driving to practice at 6:30am and turing everyones sensory lights on outside their houses 	surprise
	fucking tigerfish fucking earth shakingly terrrible 	fear
	I really don't feel good and I still have to go to school 	joy
	I absolutely positively strongly detest Eli Manning 	disgust
	 Newsnight it is making me SICK hearing these rioters justifying their actions 	disgust
	The wind is so chilling Got the heater upwish I could nap with my baby but I  have studying to do 	joy
	Brussels sprouts with sea salt and a couple of quick quesadillas 	joy
	My brothers comming home next weekend and bringing seven of his friends  3	joy
	ME TOOGoogled my full name and turns out I share the name of a Gay Porn Star!!! 	surprise
	I experience a sick listening to the nontrad student mess with the fogey professor 	joy
	Job hunting with Kelly 	joy
	only a few more hours and then sleeping the day away 	joy
	Knowing I take a relaxing break from school work and going in on a Saturday morning to school brings me :D	joy
	world of pain But got upbought decorations  a Christmas tree! I also got a bottle of vino to take the edge off! 	fear
	Haha i don't like seeing that bear sober 	fear
	I miss   Like this tour needs to hurry :( 	sadness
	Seeing bbm and taking forever to respond 	joy
	“Alright everyone I'm up this early today Happy thanksgiving!    ”	joy
	Arabic coursework deadline extended by a week! 	surprise
	A BEAUTIFUL WOMANS GREATEST IS BEING NOTHIN MORE THAN A BABY MOMMA!  O_o	fear
	Monday or the night I have chosen to reset my mobile 	joy
	Almost every girl on my TL vex tonight 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	gonna miss that pocket pussy &   	sadness
	German last lesson friday oh 	joy
	I cant find my remote and i dont wanna watch this channel :( 	sadness
	Billboard on the way home makes 3 apps I've made that I've seen advertised in the real world—easily my worst 3 	sadness
	every time you come near me or come talk to the people I'm talking to it makes want to murder you I don't want to see your face 	disgust
	One Day completely sad endingg! I cried 	sadness
	LT  im talking bout black ass  	joy
	yes! Lol! It's coming together nicely! Can't wait! 	fear
	So glad to attend crash tonight and hear speak Topped off by dinner with friends at Windsor 	joy
	Time for 3 hours of bullshit 	joy
	Riveting psych class let's fight I pretty much blackout when 	anger
	SO GLAD just took the duty bag from me! Now I get to go work tonight until midnight  	joy
	it makes me sad when I look at your profile and it says doesnt follow h_kristen tear (& 	sadness
	people who dont even watch or like college basketball wishing for duke to lose 	sadness
	iPod touch 2g dying-on/off top acting up 	sadness
	It's time people grow up and deal with their problems instead of drinking and smoking them away  	disgust
	Heart full of  full of  of Held in my 	anger
	It's funny when people next to you are humming really loud and probably think that you can't hear them  	surprise
	This bus smell like sweaty white men 	disgust
	take care of some business study finals 	joy
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” 	fear
	Right about now I wouldn't mind feeling like an idiot for getting mad when there was nothing wrong but I know better 	disgust
	I will be back in atlanta in 3 weeks RT HeatherHebb: drove by your old place today! 	sadness
	Sunday was family day but i have studio for 14 hrs with a special somebody :) 	surprise
	Rend your heart  not your garments Return to the LORD your God4 He is gracious  compassionateslow2 abounding in love Joel2	anger
	December is that Year of  ready 2 decorate	joy
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Uthappam! You're killing me Side note: I can't believe I remember what that is called/how it's spelled 	surprise
	UGH I HATE NOT HAVING MY PHONE  	anger
	“You gain strength courage and confidence by every experience in which you stop to look fear in the face” Eleanor Roosevelt  	fear
	Oh null you thought it was fa play play 	surprise
	Think of someone you havent spoken to and reach out by some form of  	joy
	could be a negative as well as a positive! When it deters u in doing wrong embrace it If it deters u in pursuin dreams fuck it!	fear
	Haren fohnen en dan naar anna heb er zin in! 	surprise
	Harry's life is tragic His hug bounced like spalding and he was out of coverage area when he reached the house 	sadness
	Break! Someone is thinking of you right now with love in their heart Relax  let their love in 	joy
	I have officially retired Vagrant Story and Final Fantasy Tactics Fear Effect 1 will more than likely retire tonight as well 	sadness
	goodnight! Sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite :P (: love you 3 can't wait for the friday (:	surprise
	:) security is a very juicy business 	fear
	miss carmen u need to control that ask joey he does s good job : s	anger
	Dat je druk aam het knutselen bent en erachter komt dat je hem in verkeerde volgorde in elkaar aan het zetten bent	surprise
	Santa brunch is almost here! Meet the big guy and have Chef Baru's cotton candy from 10-2 	joy
	LEO'S?! Y U RAISE PRICES FOR MILK?!  	sadness
	boom badum boom boom badum boom bass haha :'(((((	sadness
	And so the day begins Going to squeeze in some time to finish up a few more  stockings and then to get on the projects 	joy
	Tomorrow's Wednesday ): double social studies and Spanish  /:	joy
	I grabbed some money today in case I went to Starfucks or something before rehearsal Then I realized no more rehearsal 	sadness
	Oggi dei bambini mi hanno chiesto chi aveva acceso la luce e io ho detto BABBO NATALE e loro hanno detto che non esiste nemmeno 	sadness
	I miss middle school:( dancing at those multicultural shows getting to spend the whole day with my best friend 	sadness
	I have a feelingcould be the end of our group 	sadness
	A relaxing hot bubble bath complete with pamper session brings me 	joy
	the people you thought would never hurt you are the ones who let you down 	surprise
	Working 3 to 11 at the nursing home 	joy
	well iowa sucks at basketball agian but on the bright side 25 days tell christmas?	surprise
	The feed has died again but now I don't really care because I have seen what I wanted 	joy
	Cant find my under armour to go for a run  	anger
	if you are addicted to sex  omg i'm so horney and have a picture of yourself naked on twitter you are not allowed to follow me 	disgust
	Every time I get home I just wanna sleep but no I still have to do homework  shower -__- 	joy
	In order to succeed your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure& Bill Cosby     	fear
	Still can't get mario kart 7 to connect to online play!  	anger
	OMG why was  fired?! Harry was the worst person ever in that task 	anger
	We nah  ah  nah ah  We nah  from  No bowy nah badda Dan weeeee 	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	Oh Snap The Nightmare Before Christmas Is On!!!!!!! 	joy
	It sucks for us Marist kids taking exams tomorrow It's not like we do this every year! 	surprise
	and Brihanna Fitch are going to love mee!! (: i have a for them! woo	surprise
	I won't be specific but just the classic shout outs that they think are cool but are disrespectful to a woman 	disgust
	high of today: Bought shit tons of  shit all for myself& of today: didn't go to see Team Starkid 	sadness
	MoneyBagSha: Cnt wait RT BViLLe_DiVaDiVP: I jus mite U ) )/ MoneyBagSha: should come out if u in town	surprise
	Nevertheless do not rejoice in this that the spirits are subject to you but rejoice that your names are written in heavenLuke 10:20 	joy
	This is my 100th tweet If I would of kept my other twitter account it would be my 1000th :( 	sadness
	No more liquor left  lost my voice   ! Oh weellll good night ) ahahah atter again tmr 	surprise
	One Saturday night a year is devoted to studying Tonight is that night 	sadness
	No you blowing your cigarette smoke in my face is not sexy  	disgust
	will help you to survive for a while but then it will eat you alive	anger
	Officially no hotel rooms anywhere in valdosta georgia Some kinda big race here 	anger
	EWWWWWW THIS GIRL'S WEARING SEE THROUGH STOCKINGS I don't need to see your ass tyvm  	disgust
	wow walk away for a few minutes and the  are a head 	surprise
	RafikiJ: I never fail to get sick during dead week   dude me too 	sadness
	So whom ever came before us Christian Muslim Jew Buddha etc is the lesson not that robs us all of achieving our purpose	fear
	Nog even op me gitaartjes spelen en zo en hoop fam hier 	surprise
	I really don't want to go back to MD the city is a million times better 	sadness
	 Everyone is actually nice on black friday 	surprise
	im missing this girl more and more each day 	sadness
	So The official MV for Haru Haru Jap version is the original Korean MV 	surprise
	Rained all night long Feeling for people in places like Diepsloot with no drains where it can make life miserable 	sadness
	Amazon lied about two day shipping My phone isn't coming until Wednesday! 	sadness
	ain vi a foto de um acidente de carro aqui no face to apavorada ! s 	fear
	Very Happy to wake up with no work for 3 days still got lots to do today 	joy
	Hate how weak my nails are!!!! Had to cut them all each one of them were breaking :( 	sadness
	doubt is the root of all  that would make  the strongest thing on earth!!!	fear
	Literally discussing shit in class 	disgust
	Me and Gage Molnar went to Kate's house every day after school 	surprise
	Day 2 = 12hr (outdoor) promo shoot in Newcastleand it's rainingall day	joy
	LORD fill your people with laughter  this day  In your presence is fullness of JOY!	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Nothing like coming home and finding the cats have emptied the kitchen bin all over the floor 	joy
	I don't think that I could hate someone as much as I hate you! Gah I want to take a pillow to you in your sleep! 	anger
	watching this game makes me get as angry as I did when I was watching us play Boston  	anger
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	There is in every  /  Part of life but just do not let ya fear be mistaken for  n F up 	fear
	I just found a cute umbrella in the bottom of the purse a bought! 	surprise
	There is no concrete equation for joy you can't explain how to get in your life	joy
	hey babes at hair place wanna pick me up at like 330? I have a present for you 	surprise
	Angry people’s perceptions are real to THEM - your opinion is irrelevant      	anger
	it's not rape if you yell surprise first 	surprise
	My and  is lifted I think I'm going to pass  and maybe even do half decent Got a 90% on the third 	fear
	It's called acting tanyaquiambao& the Story i needed P10 yesterday then she told me to pay the P10 tomorrow So i paid 	surprise
	SHROOOMMMSRT hastetheSTALE: is the best girlfriend ever she's taking me on a trip today	surprise
	An hours very productive writing 	joy
	“Omcki:We receive from the Devil through we receive from God through ”	fear
	Last minute maken en ben op dreef	surprise
	Churchhhh! Then EXAM stuff and making 30 dang cookies 	joy
	Last day of  today! I i'm so excited at the same time so sad 	sadness
	Nasty do it for the money factor	fear
	That moment when you give a fuck with someone even though it already hurts 	sadness
	im tweet for Trey  Jazzy at the same time  	joy
	I don't think I have a type anymore Apart from white 	surprise
	Obviously much more fun than working for state government ) 	surprise
	lil mans movin around so much i feel like im havin ticks	fear
	Lots of follow up for my account/mail issues and now nothing for over a week?? I still can't access my acount 	sadness
	So psyched for tomorrow This will be my 3rd live show Been catching up on dvds Last 2 shows were incredible	fear
	Against the assault of laughter nothing can stand ~ Mark Twain 	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	every minute you spend angry you lose 60 seconds of happiness Clichè but still true 	joy
	E' ora di staccarsi un po' dal pc e dedicarsi ad un po' di compiti 	sadness
	Damn internet Keeps knocking me out I want to punch someone management 	anger
	I have to say my sister is the best EVER  She downloaded the Itunes session for me because I can't get my Itunes working 	joy
	Glad the water bottle I brought to my final and swigged was filled with alcoholof the century	surprise
	So close to Big Lots and yet I can't go 	sadness
	This is the day that the LORD has made let us rejoice and be glad in it - Ps118:24 	joy
	Zin in vanavond met en en papa en mama en tante 	surprise
	Maryland wins 4-0 over ODU - will face Carolina in NCAA Final on Sunday - they played a tremendous game - The Turtle! 	fear
	Found a pair of boots I bought months ago I could have sworn I didn't buy them 	surprise
	Today: Do not sorrow for the of the LORD is your strength” ~ Nehemiah 8:10	joy
	you are never gonna guess what shirt I'm wearing tomorrow 	surprise
	are you really gonna watch itoh and im making you a birthday card 	surprise
	And here come the tears  I wish my life was a chick flick 	sadness
	I enjoy the moments in life when motion-sensored paper towel dispensers work 	joy
	that awkward moment when a gorilla shows up at your party and shaves everyones moustaches and claims them as his own 	sadness
	Group meeting 15 hours early Can't wait to present today and rid myself from this bitch 	joy
	I get terrified when someone throws a lit cigarette in the road and then goes under my car 	fear
	cold cheese dip with no chips 	anger
	keep tht job and grind it out bank statement come thru see yu grindin now	surprise
	It's amazing to see people change before your every eyes! 	sadness
	Don't bury your until you've killed it When you bury living anger it functions as a seed  grows into a Bitterness Tree	anger
	I hate you Dont forget k-rod for 12 mil RT Stugotz790: Brewers sign Alex Gonzalez that should fill the Prince Fielder void	sadness
	Tired + Still ill + BoredWhhhyyyyyy? 	sadness
	yeah I am starting to realise that my hoodies don't suffice :( marks a sad day! 	sadness
	Gonna put my hands to something productive and make it count aint nobody gonna take it	joy
	 J'ai eu le même coup cette semaine en écoutant Yelle 2 heures après Amazon me proposait d'acheter les albums 	fear
	JUDAH'S BEEN MATCHED!!! JUDAH HAS A FAMILY!!!!!!!  I'm literally jumping and crying with excitement 	joy
	Much family time this week Tabi on wednesday dad and sam today 	joy
	He really just likes hearing himself talk -- 	anger
	 were awesome! now listening to country music on pandora  Essay writing and ACCT hw left to do 	joy
	righther lips looked bout crusty as a pie edge 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	enormous thunderclap -- need a clean pair of shorts now D:   	surprise
	The wifi at school better work or im  for twitter during the day 	sadness
	 Dickinson said: as soon as fed is dead --It's starving makes it fat	anger
	Guys who talk about my body in a disrespectful way when they know I got a man me	disgust
	No one should have to make you Happy they should just add to the 	joy
	The two people that get talked about the most in my Cross Cultural class are Lebron and Tebow  	disgust
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	If you are patient in one moment of anger you will escape a hundred days of sorrow  	anger
	Unfortunately for you  your girlies I wasn't on photo duty last night I was on video duty 	fear
	approx 3 weeks ago sent off my UCAS would assume gets sent on within the week turns out no its being returned to me typical 'crofts 	anger
	Power out since 2 causes me to sleep in 30 minutes late when I have to get to work 	joy
	Raphael admitted on instagram he ate a whole box of chocolate today What a sicko  	disgust
	will control you life if you give it the reins	fear
	Ethan can say nice cute things sometimes 	surprise
	No matter how much I wanna ask one simple question I know that it might ruin our friendship 	sadness
	Is it weird that I have a of typing in the wrong thing when I know I was typing too fast and sent it w/o checking?	fear
	Tonight I had the most terrifying experience doing laundry So terrible I'm not going to do it I literally feel like a crazy person 	fear
	I just wanna have to feel that lovely feeling inside when you're in love 	sadness
	sounds like fun! ^^ btw can't wait to hear you sing more and more :) AMAZING VOICE 3  	sadness
	I've fucked more black girls then white girls 	surprise
	Donc la même impression de déjà-vu tous les 6 mois c'est super strange ! 	fear
	J'veux pas quitter mon lit :(  	sadness
	And know that I pop bottles because I bottle my emotions at least I put it all in the open 	fear
	If your life is ever lacking in joy play with a child and view the world through their eyes    	joy
	Lots of nice things today but meeting an old colleague in my new place of work was tops :)	surprise
	I wish I went to the Watch The Throne concert 	sadness
	The rock quarry middle school pep club is at my house I never realized how annoying middle schoolers are	joy
	Gut wrenching pain Please don't let it be true 	fear
	isbrash loud  unproductive For all the noise fear makes  room it takes fear does little good - 	fear
	just got told biggest LOL ever some people neevr change 	disgust
	leave it to me to bump into an old lady and scare her half to deathhahahaha HarleyAnnLovesU	surprise
	Ready for paranoia? Satan: associated w/color red would love to distract you away from Jesus on Christmas Now move the N: SaNta 	surprise
	Heeft iemand van die kleine plastic cowboy en indianenpoppetjes die ergens liggen te verstoffen? Kan ze goed gebruiken!! 	surprise
	What the fuck is going on in the world this week??  	sadness
	Ha she aint even really say nunshe was jus like i shud ring yo neckHa i was like do itbut Ha dats a no arguments 2nite	surprise
	 when a burglar really is behind the shower curtain 	surprise
	Happy that December is here Time for everyone to enjoy themselves and have some fun!   	joy
	A pigeon just walked past me at my gate in Newark airport 	surprise
	 all Men  the Brotherhood God  the King  Mannn this Word Gets Me Goin :)	fear
	My view of Egypt summed in 2 contradicting words and  Love you Egypt	fear
	Dat was een aangename verrassing met een delegatie van Zalk en MBG gespeeld voor de  	surprise
	I'll be having a fantabulous week! Nobody's gonna fight the bathroom with me or scream into my face :	joy
	Ortho appointment tomorrow staying after school for ap art  kickboxing 	joy
	 today is going to be a hell of a day! lol 	surprise
	Lol G'Night  GOD BLESS my friends!!!  	joy
	Hey Laguardia - trust me the feeling is totally mutual 	disgust
	Don't allow your past to steal your Future         	joy
	  RT Lolarosy: Flash info On vient de perdre ! Envoyez une mission de sauvetage asap !	fear
	UGH  my tea for two is broken! 	sadness
	Why is frostedtips so quiet today?! I depend on you to keep me awake! 	sadness
	OH YES VYRT OR DEATH Death for me Parents wouldn't get me tix 	sadness
	cheers playaaaaaa ) heard you left that out when telling vaughany what a hah see you Monday I guess?!	surprise
	Bout to make an appearance here at this tourny 	surprise
	I'm definitely wearing something neutral over my red in Baton Rouge next week 	fear
	having to spend 5 hours walking round oxford street with my sister 	joy
	A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS WITH THE ORIGINAL VOICES  	joy
	Cool acronym for FEAR = False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Parents cancelled christmas tree decorating after I rush home from studying downtown! :(  	sadness
	My friends are the best ! party 3 i love you all	surprise
	Hi is that mrs lane? 'Yes' u are due a ppi refund 'No I'm not' how do u know? 'I'm a financial advisor' ohhe hung up! 	surprise
	 when I found out that JLS are doing their tour at the O2 on my birthdayand I don't have tickets to go 	joy
	waiting for my teddy bear to get home in his bed( lmfao 	surprise
	Arrrrrrrrggggggggggg!!! fmad again! OH! i realized i had a box of my Lucky friends waiting for me 	surprise
	missing my Morning Dump 	sadness
	I only started listening to prince this afternoon but as a new fan its been a pretty great day 	surprise
	Don't believe the Lies  look me in My eyes and please don't Be scared of Me jtm	fear
	By the by I have also unfollowed Estella star now shocking how the parents should be mourning but writing ridiculous stuuf 	anger
	thanksgiving dinners are epic deliciousness 	sadness
	Can't you see how this is killing me inside I love you too much and I still do/: 	sadness
	Ladies I'm trying to become the spokesperson for Applebees Not a joke  	sadness
	OMFG ! Vous devez utiliser Internet Explorer pour visualiser ce site  	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	Met a fellow Cascadian at the store She recognized my KEXP pin  	joy
	Wahh Vampire Diaries holiday break!!   	anger
	Because I'm the only twin kid without dimples so anyway thats my nickname for him dont be mean ladybug! hehe	sadness
	love you too!!! I won't get to see you this weekend! :( 	sadness
	I love waking up wanting to put about 50 13 year olds in an arm bar 	anger
	I can't leave for lunch for another hour and all I'm doing is searching for pix of Todd Haley yelling to sigh over 	sadness
	20 hari jelang bursa transfer Januari saya yakin Comolli sudah punya nama2 yg siap didatangkan ke LFC  belum diketahui media 	surprise
	It just hit me that I won't have my mama's dressing in two days  	sadness
	I wish I was in london so I could go to trafalgar square I wish I could meet you all 	sadness
	Hanging out with nick tomorrow Than going to liams play 	joy
	Grrr I've lost all necessary MicroSD's folders! Music pics videos wallpapers my research documents and handbooks for studies! 	anger
	en dan uitgerekend degene hebben die niks wil hebben  	surprise
	My gma emails out an xmas itinerary to the fam and included is the phrase sarah wakes up (!) 	surprise
	considering the weather is so crap might aswell do some uni work 	joy
	Bag strap broke today watch broke yesterday lucky my laptop  camera was ok after bag fell :(	sadness
	Caledonia parade tonight!! Some how gotta get happy and smile for all those ppl! 	joy
	I just realized the eggnog I bought has high fructose corn syrup in it  	sadness
	“Never got so close to punching someone in a day problems”      don't hurt em NaNa	anger
	I am filled with dread anytime they give background info on my Top Chef fantasy players   	fear
	Happy December people can't wait to see what you have all got me :) :)))	surprise
	I'm not going to have a  based on - how many times does my bf need to repeat I swear BT makes him all weird-like	fear
	Question: has anyone ever seriously thought that Anna Wintour reads market research?  	surprise
	Geslaagde stockverkoop! En maandag mag ik iets super leuk bekend maken op onze Fb-fanpagina! :-)  	surprise
	the ladies standing and talking in the middle of the floor That's not how to get a hot bod at the gym 	surprise
	Big thanks to for the picture Made my night 	fear
	Long time since me and have chilled 	surprise
	Kay bongga man among plan sa Christmas Party Hahaha! Ang Surprise gift ng Officers sa mga classmates :') glad to be a part of it 	joy
	 your phone sketches out and sends a picture to half your contacts instead of just one to all you receivers	surprise
	Maybe I will Might wanna check your garden when you get home 	surprise
	Now I am in a video showing someone popping what looks like an infected cyst YOUTUBE WHY?! BRAIN WHY WONT U STOP being so curious 	disgust
	excited to go home but scared to fly 	fear
	no fear I picked out one of Allison's gifts last year for Lar at my yard sale 	surprise
	ah dang I have a water aerobics/basket weaving class that meets those 4 months 	sadness
	I hate days like today 	sadness
	life lesson: always have faith its the opposite of 	fear
	The day just gets better! Have got home to a power cut! Neighbours burglar alarm is going mental and no sign of the power coming back 	joy
	I'll be on the lookout You not having that sweater would be like recess peanut butter cups not having peanut butter 	sadness
	that depressing moment when you drop your candy cane  it shatters into 39975216900076542 billion pieces :( 	sadness
	Not even worth a rejection letter 	sadness
	moms mad at me = gotta decorate the christmas tree before she gets home to get on her good side  	surprise
	i read that and had a heart attack i thought you really met him bc i didn't read the last part 	sadness
	Haha Not Gonna Lie That Justin Bieber Macy's Comercial Was Pretty Dam Funny 	surprise
	I really wish I had my long hair back 	sadness
	Here I StandGrown Ass ManGun In My HandI DNT NO MAN	fear
	Spanish is gunna rape me so badly 	fear
	Love Skype being able to do my job with people all around the world ! Back to Your Blueprint for Success in 2012 	joy
	You can feel the pain It all comes spilling out like I hit a vane Drake	fear
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	lost my travel mug today 	sadness
	 I wish love was like volleyball You'd call 'MINE' and everyone would back off  :(	sadness
	Hate how when my dad goes on a two week vacation out of state my mom thinks she can tell me to do her every wish 	joy
	Thats enough holiday cheer for one day Off to CCD now 	joy
	I'd plead not guilty if she's a fresher 	surprise
	I honestly didnt think I was capable of obtaining this much knowledge 	surprise
	When people make my girlfriend cry I want to hurt them 	anger
	Yeahhh It's taken me a year and a half to watch my Friends boxset all the way through I kept putting off 'The Last One' 	sadness
	Been up all night I dozed off once n woke up n thought it all was a dream But then I realized he was really gone 	sadness
	If Justin Bieber performs at the Sugar Bowl this year I've lost all hope in humanity   JustinDweeber 	anger
	Cynthia and her sister getting into it over Peter She just need to drop that leech 	disgust
	Belllas such a player!!! Wanting jacob AND edward! Pick one you greedy fool you can't kiss both!! Gr 	anger
	Break! What have you seen that inspired awe? Remember the expansive feeling of wonder 	joy
	khoya khoya chand khula aasman who and what is going to heal this pain of departinghighnessdo you have an ans?  	anger
	did my nails smudged one redid that one smudged two in the process now I'm left with three smudged nails and a broken nail file 	anger
	Oh look my whole family making fun of me on a holiday :/	surprise
	7 hours til' I leave for work  	joy
	i like it when you say dat word IT was like when you sing IF I WAS A BOY by Byoncelove your voice	surprise
	 is such an amazing show! And the judges this season are encouraging insightful and knowledgeable! :) 	joy
	u know I never show up empty handed! Stoked to see what the boss is gonna Tattoo on me  see u of course  	surprise
	 wen u hear ur frends girl is a dik an she's starting 2 piss u rite of	anger
	dessiner les trous de ta raquette de badminton sur ta cuisse en educ et plus te souvenir que tavais fait ca sur ta cuisse le soir	surprise
	Net een lijst ingevuld met vaste kosten straks in mijn huis ed En guess what? Ik geef meer aan mijn auto uit dan het gemiddelde! 	surprise
	Lake effect snow 	fear
	leave a milk cup on my window sill ONE MORE TIME!  This time instead of cottage cheese we got jello 	disgust
	I arrive home and is sitting in my kitchen eating mashed potatoes !	surprise
	I'm not a cool kid like you with your screen shots 	sadness
	Me and my mom having a real deep conservation 	surprise
	That moment when you realize you actually have to get off the moving side walk at the airport 	sadness
	Work ruins my holidays I'll miss you Black Out Wednesday 	sadness
	sorry tryina help u out bud i mean u need laid  someone hop on josh like hop on pop minus perversion	sadness
	My phone's about to die but the charger is light-years away 	sadness
	Oi Xmas hold surely we b2b [rec]  [rec]2   effect	fear
	another missed chance  homework gym w then team dinner later 3	joy
	getting to talk about lady gaga to someone who actually cares 	joy
	Maths questions and a science ALL due tomorrow which I haven't started 	joy
	I would hate to get a rejected letter from a college 	fear
	Dang my barber dont work Saturday! I have to wait till next week for a haircut! 	sadness
	Today after mass and I stop by 's house after mass to only be disappointed that no one was home :( 	sadness
	Its like time runs to me runs to me faster fastest Oh how I make my self beating no well  ♬   ♬  	fear
	don't worry I'm good! Just carless 	sadness
	Instead of crying in the stormlearn to dance in the rain  	joy
	my day is made by the small thoughts and surprises of others  	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	JoTweets4 Ahh say thankyou anyway but yeah january I've got Biology chemistry and maths 	joy
	värmer en random matlåda ska bli mycket intressant att se va den innehåller 	surprise
	Santa baby imma fucking break your computer when you turn on 90's music and burn your chem book 	anger
	Last tweets :'( LB_Phrasebeatz: RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Realtalk!	fear
	I don't go outsideonly when extremely necessary My Starbucks consumption has decreased dramatically 	sadness
	you might have made my night!  Tell your dad sorry Annabelle wasn't there:/ haha 	sadness
	Emmy he got mad at me todayfirst time ever 	sadness
	 you get inside the building only to realize tht you left your drink in the car lol	anger
	Hopefully the next year will bring good  to well 	joy
	One of my greatest fears in life is that someone will find a way to retrieve everything I've ever googled  	fear
	Demain gros carnage en ECJS heureux sont les gens du groupe 2 qui vont participer à notre débat sur  ( cc )	surprise
	Watching your infant sleep is one of life's five or six truly unalloyed pleasures 	joy
	You always tweet when m in Chemistry or History :S :|	sadness
	WHY DO THEY NEVER PUT HOOK ON TV AT CHRISTMAS? there's no adventure here Pricks 	sadness
	Off to the barbars match at twickers today! Means into lab at 6am to get shit sorted 	joy
	Nothing like a Venti solo Hot Chocolate in a Red Cup 	joy
	I'm now scared of small light green leafs bc they look like those nasty praying mantis bugs  	fear
	My pet rescue Chickens make me laugh everyday!  (ever seen 16 chickens fight over toast  marmite - too funny)	joy
	When you have friends on here that you don't even know and you see a pic of them for the first time Like woah 	surprise
	Listening to Christmas songs and cooking breakfast! 	joy
	Bet you never thought a beetle bug has a killer radio system 	surprise
	Its annoying when you were more confident single then you now are with your boyfriend 	anger
	I hope this  wakes people up!!! The country needs major improvements I think a third world country wouldve dealt better 	disgust
	Ewwww the people on the other side of the certain of us are talking about boils in private areas! 	disgust
	remember that time you put that robins picture up 	surprise
	Bored watching tv I need a more exciting life I hate sitting in my house alone!! :( 	sadness
	You know its bad when you know to dude you leave in a heart beat for a stripper only if she gave him a chance 	sadness
	My motorola has stopped working Guess I'm using the Blackberry until its fixed 	joy
	Break! What is the most fun you've ever had? Recall that moment in full detail Allow yourself to be there now 	joy
	Emotional  is less tangible and far more powerful than physical risk   	fear
	retired is a strong word 	sadness
	Are you gone play funeral song or Big sur tonight at the groningermuseum 	joy
	Green Tea  + Cookies = lol Yummy 3	joy
	Today strike from your heart We were put on this earth to live in  Go forth and claim the  you are worthy of!	fear
	Congrats to my wonderful boyfriend for winning his match So glad I could make it 	surprise
	milk is starting 2 taste weird /3	sadness
	no phone network at all You can't call or text me Whatsapp only works at home 	sadness
	shit Christmas shopping 	fear
	Watching  last week episode online I will miss Amber Andy is still  	sadness
	d nada anaberta!  T lo mereces :) pero nos dañaste un poco la jajaja xD	surprise
	Good day at the gym bringin that  and that  but leavin that 	fear
	Was hoping to eat a chocolate square with my coffee  WHY DOES THE CHOCOLATE SMELL AND TASTE LIKE PARMESAN CHEESE?!?!  	sadness
	Thursday night channel 5! 	joy
	People always be hatin on our kind And why? Because we could dteal your girl/man from under your arm SMH 	fear
	Veel file vandaag megamoe Thuisgekomen bleek dat mn man warm bad voor me had klaarstaan met kaarsjes en zachte muziek 	surprise
	With all I'm going thru mentally The last thing I'm thinking 'bout is a Christmas list If? I'll need a Miracle! !!	fear
	 RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I'm just a King looking for a Queen to settle down with But Good Girls In Trinidad either Taken or So hurt they dnt want a bf 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	google 'what defines an English person' interesting result     	surprise
	I keep getting this temptation to tweet I CANNOT FEEL MY LEGS! when I obviously can Why this compulsion exists I have no clue 	sadness
	I just found a dollar in my pocket while doing laundry Highlight of my week 	joy
	Was hilarious seeing you run across the screen when went to some old school praise! Haha! 	joy
	Can't sleep n I'm too tired to play dress up 	sadness
	Woke up to an open closet door&  D:	fear
	I Can Sing  ! Only Wen I Really Like A Song Though  ! Curse You Of Singing In Frnt Of Ppl	fear
	Woahhhhhhh just found out my grandpa was the Iranian prime minister 	surprise
	Estou aprendendo a mexer no MM! e estou fazendo um vídeo lindo com a música Charlie Brown dia 12 ou 13 postarei no 	surprise
	really? mcdonalds cafe machine isnt workingno peppermint hot chocolate): 	sadness
	also leaving school early tomorrow  then not going to school Wednesday  That's when my sister leaves  ' ( !!	sadness
	So I pull up and my damn mama ain't even here 	surprise
	Cut from work Would normally be pissed but I have mucho studying to do 	joy
	This game is infuriating We're not losing But we should be winning by more 	sadness
	cedric from communication class is talking to me on fb chat :o 	surprise
	Ladies appreciate your men they just might be selling skyrim to get you a christmas present 	sadness
	Just finished a football match and got football training soon 	joy
	Expecting God to show up and show out tonight!!! Come join us at 7201 quincy ave for our night service 7:30!	joy
	Campus tour in the rain 	joy
	You have no idea how I just screamed NOOOOO out loud at work!!! I didn't get my tickets 	sadness
	I cannot believe that musical practice just got over If tomorrow is the same then early morning dance Wednesday is going to be a 	joy
	the feeling of when you've finished all you homework :D 	joy
	just watched an interview with jerry sandusky and he is so full of BS 20 people didnt lie about u raping a kid 	disgust
	don't join in ==a RT Teacher who prohibit their students for competition is just SOAB!!!   	anger
	I want to trip out to  so bad I have not been back to  in 12 years And I was born and raised there I miss the waves 	sadness
	Seek out the inside those who you are celebrating with this Thanksgiving  You may be their only hope	joy
	I  up at the end of a      out the  in me& hear your  start  in 	fear
	What is Chris brown thinkin with blonde hair 	disgust
	I think we're going to have a happy girl tomorrow :))) 	surprise
	wooWOOF Hear bells that are ringing Howlidays are so near Itz a wondrful time of th year Wishes for   good  2uurs	joy
	I have become quite a deal less exciting as I have entered high school 	joy
	that Kirk Franklin go hard! 	fear
	Bro doesnt slow at sharp turns feels lik a roller coaster pray for me 	fear
	when the person you like has there friend yell at you for them  	anger
	nearly finished all my christmas shopping :D  feels gooooood :D  Now to finish wrapping them all  	joy
	MeganBohinc: I went to bed dreaming You woke me up singing :14 // I found a MANDISA LOVER!!	joy
	my sorry self is watching scott pilgrim and scouring lookbookdotnu on a friday night 	sadness
	Rule of thumb when boozin with a group of buddies never be the last to pay the bill 	surprise
	Going to sleep just so I can hear your sweet voice sooner&     love my daily morning phone calls&     in my heart	joy
	Ughstomach is full with lunch and ice cream T_Tand now I must clean the windows :( 	joy
	Stop associating Emotionalwith being weak Some ppl emotion of choice is  they will knock u tf out! lol	anger
	I want a flash mob to perform for 	sadness
	I miss you already This break will suck 	sadness
	I need to grab my license so I can just drive to the gym right now and feed the bag some combos    ! Ughhh	anger
	Hmmmm really wanted to see the basketball games today but don't have a way to DSU 	sadness
	That awkward moment when your Thanksgiving company unloads their luggage and says they're staying for a week 	surprise
	Now I have an upper back pull! GreatI feel like a contortionist who couldn't get anything right 	disgust
	Omg everyone SHUT THE FUCK UP about christmas present or I'll get none of you one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -_-   !	anger
	thank God!!! A lot to be thankful for tmrw! 	joy
	Porque sera que en la vida las decepciones están a la orden del día? 	disgust
	is  power A beaten dog may you but the second you turn your back he is going to strike  is power	fear
	Away from my desk for 25 minutes and there are now 17 critical Adobe updates to install 	surprise
	after going to that alpha probate last nighti realized im a disgrace to the stereotype of black women dancing really well :(	sadness
	Omg! My favorite show is coming back!! factor	fear
	you hate too hard to love me 	sadness
	Reached for another pizza rolland there were no more left 	sadness
	I was just about to shove this guy's flowers down his throat 	anger
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today less	fear
	my older brother is in town and I get to spend time with him and his family 	surprise
	Kikou jeune poney Est-ce que tu vois la photo de la fat pipe sur mon compte? Pks moi non 	sadness
	Ta for the vote of confidence! It was absolutely fine today was even out 30 mins earlyForensic Bioscience tomorrow 	joy
	they sitting around talking bout walking in and out freely and his ass surely walked in freely 	surprise
	My mom comes running in my room and tells me to get dressed cause she wants to go shoe shopping 3	surprise
	I miss you yet you still don't talk to me 	sadness
	I have been trying to tell my mom about what goes on during my days but she just won't listen 	sadness
	Hope is as excited for tomorrow as I am 	surprise
	You know what? I DON'T trust anymore SAID IT! C'mon that right there was her chance to redeem herself for Denny 	anger
	Wow the Camaro SS is so smooth 	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Gotta love the new coke machines! Strawberry Sprite! :-) 	joy
	Hey now RT PecannSundae: He bout 50  his gf my age !!!!!!!!	disgust
	A great obstacle to happiness is to expect too much happiness ~ Fontenelle  	joy
	tycker livet är rätt glatt särskilt nu när det kommit snö på isendå ser man inte ens HUR glatt livet är! 	surprise
	I'm soooooo ready for Valentine's Day got something VERY special planned 	surprise
	Intermittent insomnia stimulates creativity: I dreamed I was wearing pizza socks   	disgust
	It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge& Albert Einstein  	joy
	Just saw a picture of a Chinchillabut it has completely lost it's meaning now	sadness
	Have a nice day my friendsBeautiful wednesday for all my friends in twitter   	joy
	Baking with Madison for Thanksgiving while Logan and his friends play basketball in the rain 	joy
	Me too Actual %'s seem less important than psychology behind it I know so many biz savvy Gen Xers who still resist 	fear
	Throwing away opertunaties that I can't afford to throw away My own fault 	anger
	This LONELY ass dinner  	sadness
	at the end of the day its still staff being assaulted and injured 	disgust
	Just found out I have to go to a meeting at cimarron with my mom on tuesday for all the times ive been absent 	joy
	I sit next to a person that i can't stand in english 	joy
	Yesterday was a fun day didn't expect that 	surprise
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	There better be some of that beer left for Christmas morning 	joy
	it's just a shame you don't realise how much the system drains you  	sadness
	➨ LET GO OF ANGER - it is an Acid that Burns Away the Delicate Layers of your H A P P I N E S S ~unk 	anger
	Havent had phone time in 2 days 	sadness
	If you never let go of the one that said goodbye ~ you never have to open your heart to someone new  	fear
	Santa comes in t minus 24 days 	joy
	Deal or No Deal is fucking wank Such a shit and pointless program Why the fuck is it even there!?!?!? 	anger
	I'm so excited for tomorrow morning 	surprise
	RAGE QUIT CURSE YOU IPOD 	anger
	if you're being studious maximus I'll get you a gift 	surprise
	I was suppose to be sleep 2 hours ago but I'm not so       RT if ya'll are true tweethearts!!!	surprise
	I for one am thrilled that Christ works outside of our time-line He is so faithful And sovereign   	joy
	Knowing that I having a loving boyfriend gives me so much x	joy
	haha you guys thought you were seeing Hot Snakes this weekend?! 	surprise
	“Jayeregincos: Thought in Motions GOAL  EVERY person that comes in contact with us leaves feeling nurtured  supported 	joy
	uscire di casa con 60 cent con la convinzione di prendere un bueno alla macchinetta e trovare la fila dei bueno vuota 	sadness
	Cannot wait to eat some spaghetti and watch tv for hours without worrying about another exam until tonight 	joy
	why the avxbakhsgs WHY THE WINNERS SINGLE no one should touch damien rice's music omg 	anger
	That ain't how it works and that ain't how it goes and I'll be getting highs just to balance out the lows 	fear
	jajaja te tomo la palabra xq Ayq celebrar mi cumple que sera el17 en escuchando a como todas las fiestas gran DJ	joy
	Sell my math book for $75 turn around and spend it  	surprise
	 tomorrow will be even worse I feel sorry for the person I take my out on!	anger
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	It's give a   a Hug Day if U can still find one The 70th  of the  Soon there'll be none	surprise
	Waiting to start the last show 	sadness
	Im walking to campus in the snow Yes you heard me Snow 	surprise
	The main people you look at forare the ones that  bread on your name! 	sadness
	RT StunningHijab: If you are patient in one moment of anger you will escape a hundred days of sorrow  	anger
	haven't been paying much attn 2 my timeline these past few  have been missing r2the's tweets  but she has my fav pic up again! 	joy
	somehow i feel like that isnt the first time shes watched him leave :( 	sadness
	1st game would be  but my disc is being dodgy skip to Lol ragdoll physics on people you kill hilarious screams to join it 	fear
	that tweet is the reason im on twitter!couldnt have put it better my self FUCK OFF VOODOO FUCK OFF THE DEN FUCK OFF FACEBOOK 	anger
	Alot of guy make their girls feel insecure  less of themselves so they could feel more of themselves    	anger
	I am just about to go off Thank God I have batting practice tomorrow 	anger
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	I've come to the conclusion that I do have an issue especially for folks who know better!	anger
	Gotta love those tv shows/ movies that make you cry! :( 	sadness
	am I not allowed to follow you back 	sadness
	I would make a lovely mother but I would HATE to go thru with the pregnancy and give birth 	fear
	I received my parcel trashed It proves it was teared from backside and thing was removed  	anger
	Fear is nothig more than an obstacle that stands in the way of progress 	fear
	I'm surprised woke up this early to take me to school 	surprise
	Habisxzxzxs! ADIK DAPAT RACKET MAMPUS ANYTIME KENA PUKUL HAHA FUCK EVERYTHING AND RUN	fear
	I'm Too Excited For This Weekend Baby!!!!! Waaaaaaaaaaa 	surprise
	Wow I feel worse today  	joy
	and  the greatest of all realities v can always make your point by invoking any of these 2	fear
	there's so many things holding me back like 	fear
	I hate that Above the influence commercial where the girl is puking 	disgust
	*gets on knees  prays for u to be blessed* RT BeyonceGonDie: I've never been awaken with a penis in my mouth	sadness
	Verjaardagskado  van hubbie gekregen 4 dagen Berlijn met oudnieuw  en geregeld dat zijn beste maatje er dan ook is 	surprise
	hearing rumors you organized your own Gatorade bath against Maryland Say it ain't so  	sadness
	Nail polishes hate me tonight 	sadness
	Gianlt monkeyfree drinksbachatasalsahip hopfist pumpinand no cabsif you see this call me it will be a long walk home 	sadness
	Excited for the boys to arrive home so they can see my little :)	surprise
	now i must go shave my face and head to work-_-      	joy
	Time to venture out  do the dreaded Christmas shopping 	joy
	totally so the fucking man as long as Jesus forgives you anythings okay 	disgust
	Demand in  is not sectarian the govt uses divide  conquer policy 2 silence dissent  build in society Change is inevitable	fear
	bahaha thanks - I love the pachos And my straight bf is a waiter there 	joy
	thinking of you as a man makes nasal snorting heavy breathing noises at the airport Why does this always happen to us?!? 	disgust
	Designing lots and lots of dresses!! 	joy
	E mi rivedo per la terza Harry Potter e I Doni della Morte parte 2  	sadness
	Yeah WOOTWOOT! I should get that easily! Unless I get cold feet O_O 	fear
	Time to play tiger woods '12 see if my controller makes it through the night 	anger
	Dropping Magnus off at the vet to have his man surgery I wonder if he knows what's about to happen	sadness
	The bored roomthe bored examsthe bored waiterthe bored gamesthe bored classroomthe bored teachersthe bored everything 	sadness
	And out of all days of getting out early my last class ever we're going until 7:20pm 	sadness
	I stop myself from starting something cause I can already see how it's gonna end up ahead of me  	fear
	Ugh I was kinda looking forward to having the house to myself but my roommate just came home and scared the shit out of me 	surprise
	wait for my new Psychedelic Trance track !! 	surprise
	 I like it all A lot better But my rotation Please bring my ability to rotate back  	sadness
	Feeling my usual  and tonight Sleep? 	fear
	fear comes when you project scenarios into the future live here and abide in the unfolding present moment  	fear
	Taking my mom out for dinner after she gets home from work  	surprise
	He came into spanish class mad as shit doee!!! lls	joy
	I think i want to talk to you about it all but then again im afraid of humiliation and rejection 	fear
	Yay my uncle from New Jersey is coming today! 	surprise
	It's called maturity and growing told my dad that I forgave him for everything he did to me in the past 	joy
	A  Smart Statement : Never  Raise your  Voice  with Anger Just Improve  the Quality  of  your Argument  with Smile:)  	anger
	Coach bailey remind me of tht old dude from gran torino lol	anger
	DUM MAARO DUM  Slick Scandalous Cool AND hardly embarrased of the fact that it aspires to be so	surprise
	Sometimes I wish I did bang with ppl in my town 4 times like this some real true friends but I dont 	sadness
	I am thankful for cookie crisp cereal i thought they discontinued it! 	joy
	you guys missed out on free shots from nick! We got them right after you left 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Preach it Rev Run!	fear
	My new bus friend smells like soggy McDonald's fries and axe body spray He's also an elbowy gent of roughly 300 pounds 	joy
	Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear -- Baruch Spinoza    	fear
	We are missing a few ugly sweaters at this party right now  where you att?	joy
	Need this dinner tonight to calm me down!!!  alliesteuer	anger
	OMG IM GETTING BRACES!! U KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS?!?! i wont be able to sing goodly anymore :(	sadness
	XMAS BREAK: WHY U NO COME FASTER?! 	sadness
	Losing a match at the last second after you scored the 4-4 two minutes before 	sadness
	Not only I ripped his heart out I ripped his soul out too! 	sadness
	Demà el meu primer vídeo a sobre les claus del creixement Tomorrow my first video-slideshare 	fear
	Just got a Christmas wreath delivered to the house! 	surprise
	EXAM EXAM EXAM 	disgust
	UH do these chillens' parents not know their daughter is a tramp 	surprise
	oh shit oh shit danielle causing problems at golden stripagain hahahah	surprise
	I am SO terrified of outside when it is dark out I feel like someone is going to come snatch me up! 	fear
	Zo klaar met schilderen nu alles een nachtje laten drogen en dan morgen weer verder met mijn knutsel werk 	surprise
	awww so close to seeing at the soundcheck party on tuesday but i have school  :( 	sadness
	i have an eerie feeling that im not going to do anything this weekend 	fear
	Don't you love the feeling you get when you realize you lost a follower on twitter! 	sadness
	Me too he shouldve went to my KNICKS RT LaFemmeMarkita: I'm a lil upset about this Chris Paul/Laker deal 	disgust
	et que ça serait trop chouette qu'on paye les femmes à rester à la maison 	fear
	Sumtimes d fear of being jobless after school gives me the creeps!     of an undergraduate	fear
	In convent garden having a nice glass of rose 	joy
	For   When you are  your  is PHYSICALLY not capable of correctly perceiving   	anger
	Ur leaving me behind lying to me about why u never reply to my messages But I'd rather tell twitter then tell u and lose u 	sadness
	Just read on   Squid's trip to the land of yes So overwhelmed w/tears That boy has come a long way!  	joy
	Ice cream is homework's best friend 	joy
	 Day 20: Thankful for our baby boy Beckett who today celebrates his 20th month on Earth! He brings us all so much every day	joy
	Rt“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Fall down seven times stand up eight ~ Japanese Proverb  	sadness
	Ending my night on a bad note which probably means ill be in a bad mood in the morning 	joy
	What should I be thankful for? Only answer is Christ cuz he has given me everything  	joy
	That moment when u're in a public transport  ur mp3 player isn't functioning 	anger
	Messed up hand from punching shit management please	anger
	So instead of Going out to dinner for my birthday on Sunday my dad brother  cousins are Going to the Broncos   Chargers game -____- 	joy
	The band concert and meeting should be exciting I'm just sad I'll miss glee and big bang theory 	sadness
	wow TIger Woods actually won something first time in two years 	surprise
	in Grand Rapids tomorrow? Missing it 	sadness
	I will tweet you until you tweet me back    	anger
	Im just a romantic midwestern guy with his heart on his sleeve and his dick in his fist    	sadness
	lol yeh yall r gonna get a 5 o'clock wake up calls one of these days  lol	surprise
	Not actually really tired but I still don't wanna go to school	surprise
	In other news due to forgetting a belt and a long coat that impedes hitching these jeans are one walk wiggle from hitting the deck 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	guuuuurl I know I already have your presentI'll give you a hintit's not underwear 	surprise
	Sometimes when I'm sitting around I randomly shout God dammit Kurt WHY? 	sadness
	God know just when to show up and just who to use to restore a lil in my life :-)	joy
	I was given about 10 minutes to make photos of the most beautiful girl I know this morning my bff I totally killed that challenge 	joy
	Christopher!!You followed methen UNFOLLOWED me! What a tease! You give me joy  then rip it out from under me 	sadness
	I miss my big sister 	sadness
	My parents are the ones that make me late Not me 	surprise
	Apparently my mother didn't know I was coming home next week ruined lol she cursed me out and sure she did my bro and dad too!!	surprise
	Making dinner for the girlfriend!! 	surprise
	 truth comes out  feelings come out wen is among you 	anger
	my uncles UWP free party and a whole set of labour ppl line up aredy!!! Smfh :/ 	disgust
	What a tragedy in Kolkata - when will we take human life seriously in India   	disgust
	Fucking Barber I swear to GOD 	anger
	He passed Away and i Didnt Cry Cuz My wouldn't let me feel for a STRANGER --2pac	anger
	how can some take a picture of themselves half naked when they knw their figure is not in the right place  	disgust
	Had me zo voorgenomen om Josey zelf zijn te laten maken Waarom zit ik dan onder de behanglijm glitters en verf?	surprise
	LOL boi I tell u God must have a sense of humor because life is funny & how to laugh no matter what life may throw your way! 	joy
	great night at church!  	joy
	I made a Highlander reference last night about how there can be only one black guy at the party Only ONE person got it 	sadness
	Everytime I pop my neck i'm scared its gonna break :/ 	fear
	if they are guilty I dare you brave military man to go and attempt an arrest  = you prove our cause	fear
	Used to say jet life now i say fuck lifenow i pop bottles cuz i bottle my emotionsleast i put it all in the open 	fear
	Remember when life's path is steep to keep your mind even~Horace &     	fear
	I just texted this ( to somebody on accident and just realized I got a new found emotion lol	disgust
	zooey deschenel singing have yourself a merry little christmas 	joy
	Jungle Jim's was so much fun Now time for college apps 	joy
	 I totally knew it was supposed to rain today 	surprise
	is Seeing someone's eyes light up as you agree with their idea You are recognizing their worth Every human wants  needs this	joy
	You know I spend money because spending time is hopeless 	fear
	the most recent project for art is drawing a portrait of someone which I've already done first Beyonce second 	surprise
	Anger items for the day: Xmas decorations before thanksgiving no horseradish at a deli flight delays no scotch and a middle seat 	anger
	well I guess some people jus dun wanna be happy 	sadness
	Staying home today and getting all my homework done oh  making my christmas list!	joy
	XSTROLOGY:  men and women don't like surprises except surprise sex ME MUFUCKA LMAO	surprise
	Fallen Empires Are Rulling Find Earth And Reap Fantastic Expectation Amazing RevelationsFEAR - one of the cleverest songs ever 	fear
	Just found a mint from dana in my pocket my day keeps getting better	surprise
	I need to get over my (irrational) of interviewing people over the telephone Just think  	fear
	girl starting shit on my birthday 	joy
	sometimes I spend my nights watching Youtube clips of old games 	sadness
	If she a good girl i give her Dick In The Box 	surprise
	Getting shot don't scare me but getting cut scares me like a bitch 	fear
	That moment when your shower gets really cold and youre just like fuck this!! 	anger
	Generation Y would rather work in pharma than in fashion! 	surprise
	all that matters is we got out  Wouldn't trade it  & noble happy b day 	surprise
	So fucking tired of finding things out last    	sadness
	I don't death I  the unknown	fear
	I honestly want to keep dancing but my feet hurt :( 	sadness
	Happy thanksgiving :)  thanksgiving breakfast then my game Last cheerleading game of the session 	sadness
	Wow a friend actually texted me trying to cheer me up I thought it was just a twitter notification 	surprise
	And your favorite sister! RT Bogue chitto bound with a broke cruise control 	joy
	Not having a car on campus is preventing me from going to Taco Bell right now 	sadness
	just don't let him get the best of you NO One has the power to steal your 	joy
	Nothing says better than a morning call from  Good to hear ur voice buddy 	surprise
	Breaks pretty much over already Just a normal weekend 	sadness
	This sucks Now there's gonna be the same crap for top 10 every night 	sadness
	If that is a video of The Agency singing HAPPY BIRTHDAY to taylorswift13 I'll 'AWWWWWWWWWW' the whole day long ) x	surprise
	I kinda wish i was black friday shopping at hot topic and looney tunes right now :/  	sadness
	Listening to my gospel radiobouncing off the walls 	joy
	Alma is a bloody sketchy bitch scuttling everywhere all naked and shit D: You played all 3 of them? 	fear
	We know that a good thing has become a counterfeit god when it's demands on you exceed proper boundaries  	anger
	No sleep for me been up since 10am thursday morningNow off too go shopping with my mother in a pissy mood 	joy
	This weekend will be fantastic No homework However this weekthe opposite is true Time to study and drink coffee 	joy
	chabeing just one shade lighter has spoiled my opportunities 	sadness
	Fabulous tour of  station with added bonus of free trip to 	joy
	Ik ben nog geen 5 min aan t schilderen en ik zit nu al onder de verf  	surprise
	I hate nasty cooks if you working in a restaurant put a hair net on your head and gloves on your hands even if its not required 	disgust
	I am loving that there is no school tomorrow! )  	joy
	lmfao no im staying in a normal hotel We get a tour of an amish village tmrw 	joy
	Hate to see Eli get hit but can only imagine the feelings Matthews has as his eyes widen and he is about to make collision 	anger
	I really don't want to play soccer right now 	anger
	als je die ouwe kranten dan toch niet gebruikt Mn oudste zoon kan ze wel gebruiken maken	surprise
	Apparently Maldonado has signed with Williams for next yearso sadly I think Rubens' F1 driving life is over :/ 	sadness
	Well I just woke up and no ones here Apple for breakfast it is Gonna study for my final later this afternoon 	joy
	oooh wat ben ik toch weer lekker creatief en wat hou ik toch van knutselen  hahaha ' voor eht laatst in groep 8 gedaan	surprise
	Nows that time of the night when the entire family is drunk 	joy
	I believe it was F*CK OFF RT RadioSpecialK: remember when u told our boss to go F*ck himself?  	anger
	some dick just called this obviously homosexual guy a fag and i wanted to stuff a hammer in his face 	disgust
	Between Love  Fear ~ What do you choose?  	fear
	i got work no morning fun for me :( 	sadness
	Neither do I But eventually you won't be drunk and John will go to Jessica 	sadness
	the moment when ur dress wont fit cause ur butts to big 	sadness
	Well I'm going to be extremely tired tomorrow And I have a day full of studying 	joy
	Toch best wel veel werk zn moet ook nog een gedicht maken	surprise
	Community all day long ☹	joy
	told me to tweet her cuz shes gross and has a total of zero friendslol 	surprise
	Disparity drives people to settle in  and  NEVER settle for the FIRST thing out of the you may end up with NOTHING	fear
	What is a mid season finally and why is The Walking Dead doing it? 	sadness
	Thanks to the gorgeous and for the Xmas champagne which just landed on my desk 	joy
	What a blessing it is to have so many prayer warriors in my life!  	joy
	 RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	My beautiful beautiful son  amazing husband bring me every day but esp at Xmas As do the friends I choose as family	joy
	I haven't told anyone the color yet gonna twipic tomorrow Its for job tho gonna go back black ASAP!	surprise
	And off to work I goin the rain and wind 	joy
	UGA matches up with LSU MUCH better than Arkansasnonetheless it will come down to UGAs ability to run it and stop their run 	surprise
	Dnt believe the lies look me in my eyes plz dnt b scared of me  i miss the deep 	fear
	This might be my favorite season! Giving to others (especially when they don't expect it) feels so incredibly fulfilling! 	surprise
	et m'ont trouvée sur la photo de 6e& donc la meme tete qu'en 6e  	fear
	Whooaa Whoa Wee Whoaa Using my iphone as a flashlight  a Palm Plant jumped outta nowhere I didn't see that coming 	surprise
	The time has arrived for to strike in the hearts of the fans I can't wait 	fear
	that was the best jungle theme party ever! we need a new theme this year! 	surprise
	I was basically floating around work today humming to the Christmas music 	joy
	Some people are dickriders and it's sad to say that some of them are close friends of mine 	sadness
	Bout to lay it down im tired  Tmrws gonna feel so long considering I haven't had school for a week 	joy
	To live in is a life half-lived  Spanish Proverb	fear
	QUEEEE?? Chin! No lo recordaba hagamos falta colectiva como en la escuela ☺	sadness
	What cop gives an eighty year old old old man a ticket?? Poor thing fell on his face in court!!  	disgust
	8:30 basketball practice tomorrow 	joy
	Hoe kan je gemakkelijk een gitaar namaken van karton? 	surprise
	Not enough time in the day to listen to all that great music out there 	sadness
	Aahhhhh  That's too bad :(  xd wish i could meet btr but I live in STUPID HOLLAND xd and they never come there :'( xd	sadness
	my nail polish froze in my basement !	surprise
	Just found a Twitter account dedicated to bad punning 	joy
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	A loss for Duke women in the final and a loss for the UConn men in the quarters	anger
	About to set off on a 3 hour train journey to Lichfield 	joy
	Like the 15th time I've watch  and just found out that he shags that French bird 	surprise
	so glad my parents dont have a copy of that 	sadness
	So confused Cant wait for Thanksgiving why do we have to go to school tomorrow!!!  Tweet	sadness
	Presque fini mon 2e travail c'est que je suis productive ce soir ! 	surprise
	wow god has a sense of humor 	surprise
	Nothing more depressing then not getting an I love you txt back from your girlfriend 	sadness
	You know that scary realization you are not going to make it until your next paycheck? Yeah that Payday is a painful 13 days away 	fear
	I have to keep my mouth shut or ill give it away :O	surprise
	got to sit next to for the rest of the night 	joy
	Driving mom to airport in the morning then work from 12-8 	joy
	Uhhh Migraine Go away!! I'm not sure if I'm about to pass out or vomit Uhh I wish someone was here to hold me! 	sadness
	 you cannot put my presents under the tree already I like the 	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Je connais des clients qui vont être content pour les fêtes de fin d'année ! 	surprise
	I will forever remember the day I found an autographed X-Men  in my comic collection 	surprise
	I remember when i used to spend my whole day with my best friend but now she'd rarely talk to me : / 	sadness
	Love my mum she's got me tickets to see billy Connelly live :) 	surprise
	Egg Nog late 	disgust
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions Tyranny	fear
	Maak ik wel even een nieuwe Een stomme 	surprise
	Disney memories are pulling at my heart strings and controlling my emotions tonight 	sadness
	the good thing about nice underwear  kinky shit is after a relationship ends it can be recycled on another man 	surprise
	  Its been way to long Whoes Pumped For Tomorrow?!? I Know I Fucking Am! RT If You Are!!	fear
	Time for my hour power nap before I participate in the madness people call Black Friday 	joy
	Zooo de sinterklaas cadeaus zijn gekocht nu nog een gedicht schrijven en dan is sint klaar voor morgenavond 	surprise
	Christmas light time with pops 	joy
	Even though I'm mean af to this person I'm still buying them something I guess I should them	surprise
	No more  Ill make a believer out of YOU !!	anger
	when everyone watches that tv show that you never did but you can't start watching it now because you're already 10 episodes behind 	sadness
	i& is trusting in the good  fear is putting your trust in the bad    	fear
	Despite a few exggerations there was something very smooth about it-black humour and crazy sub-plots MY FRIEND PINTO  	surprise
	The cool thing about having 65 credits is that even though I failed a 5 credit class nothing happened really 	surprise
	Ur hair is soo greasy dude shower 	disgust
	Well the birthday surprise was a fail that professor has chronic bitch face We freaked ran in threw her gifts at her then ran out 	fear
	But I'm happy  loving it!!! I'm going to enjoy reading every single book!! ON MY TIME  	joy
	You can't have your dream if you are afraid of your dream What ever you fear - you will meet The answer = Courage + Self-Awareness 	fear
	Milwaukee Bucks Doin things this year the deer	fear
	It's the root of all evil teaching kids to  not to  God	fear
	How sad am I that I'm sitting in the food court alone eating food from home 	sadness
	Plus que sept minutes avant le début du film et je suis encore dans le bus 	fear
	heard that joint for the first time in a brick the other day !!!!!!! RT“Justsay_max: Drake ”	fear
	GO  EXPECTING MORE - GOD'S method and means are  our comprehension 	surprise
	 “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Wel een weekje later maar toch een gezellig sinterklaasavondje met de familie 	surprise
	Spending some more quality time in the library for a few more hours 	joy
	Back down in giovanini for blaw  the first person I make eye contact with is Coach   	surprise
	Abundance is all around us Notice and allow it into this moment   	joy
	Love turn into  n hate turn into 	fear
	I'll be absent on saturday B-) ! Soo long weekend *PARTY*!!!!!!  	joy
	Phone calls from friends is instant entertainment	joy
	Chinese restaurant close so pizza it is then 	sadness
	Sitting here at the band banquet I'm slowly realizing that I will be giving a speech next year 	sadness
	Annoying as fuck how av seen 6 times and then munters who hadn't even heard of him till last year bought al the tickets!! 	anger
	School today Sigh 	sadness
	when creepy people don't get the hint to stop texting you 	sadness
	Last christmas carol show 	sadness
	I will edit the Gardener I will I swear    	sadness
	Ohhhh dit wordt heel erg   heeeeeeeeeeel erg  	surprise
	haha don't you just love that! Finding something You never expected! 	surprise
	She don't like salami she don't want pastramishe just wants my beef boloney BEEF BEEF BEEF beef boloney 	fear
	Goin to bed  School tomorrow :'(( 	sadness
	“FreshPrince_215: He really had a one piece hoodie on don't worry I just ordered yours yesterday you'll get it by ya bday! =D 	surprise
	'The spirit of is from the evil oneSatan IS THAT spirit	fear
	I just found out is touring without :[ my heart dropped a little 	sadness
	Can't wait til is home 	surprise
	actually leaving my hair curly for once 	surprise
	Dear TV why is it everytime I find a show I love you find some way to ruin it ur a JERK!     =(	sadness
	It hurts I ain't Gonne lie but it doesn't hurt as bad as it could 	joy
	wake up in the morning eat some flakes buck up go to work for poverty wages send your kids to  war get sick go broke repeat	fear
	Holy fuck! my stocking! wtf! Nooooooooo! God Noooooo! you monster 	anger
	nevermind forget it and im so mad i forgot the moves earlier! 	anger
	FUCKING STUPID ASS AFTER EFFECTS NOT RESPONDING &  	anger
	you'll like my profile picture but not message me back? & 	sadness
	Little hesitant to apply deodorant ever again 	fear
	Oreo!! tasteless!!  I found Jacob's Cream Crackers in a discount store a while backLOL	joy
	klaar nu nog een gedicht maar dat vind ik zo'n piece of koekie dat kan desnoods maandagmorgen nog :-))	surprise
	Cannot believe this is the last time I'll ever study for spanish 	joy
	Almost all girls do thisHope it's not bad RT LordBieber: Well decided she needed a haircut and took it upon her self ug 	joy
	Too weird to live  and too rare to die 	fear
	Een walking fridge ?	surprise
	My favorite barista quit when I was at school It feels like a loved one died and I'm just now finding out  	sadness
	There's a special place in hell for people who pee on the toilet seat in a badly lit public bathroom 	surprise
	Today is goin great feeling so bless n my mind body  soul is filled with 	joy
	can u type Skype in about 10 min? I'm eating a turkey sandwich 	surprise
	Community service at the Oakland cemetery 	joy
	found out im going black friday shopping at midnight instead of 3 am 	joy
	Just got my fortune told I'm gonna marry a slightly over weight man with blonde messy hair and a braided beard :( 	joy
	 you wake up to dirty pictures the next morning 	surprise
	Listening to music and decorating the tree 	surprise
	Class Example: Battle Creek Cereal Co loses money off their product Bran Flakes Should it be discontinued? 	surprise
	Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something ~ Smith   	fear
	I'm hoping I fall asleep before the stampede scene 	sadness
	the sky isn't always blue and the sun doesn't always shine its okay to fall apart sometimes 	sadness
	Don't wanna go sing today &    !!!	sadness
	Secret that's not so secret: I'm terrified of getting an endoscopy but the time has come 	fear
	C'est pour les parents et shhhhhht 	surprise
	S/O to all the people on the phone venting and ranting right now 	disgust
	10PM in the School Library and it has emptied out apart from Myself and the rest of my program 	joy
	after 6 years olf faithful backpacks zipper breaks 	sadness
	The library is kind of growing on me hmmm 	surprise
	I'm ready to go the hell home So stop talking and check me out! 	anger
	literally haven't seen the sun in a week and it's finally coming out! 	joy
	I'd like to take time to exprass my sadness about this topic 	sadness
	A chunk of our tree lights are out I have to go to the STORE ahhhhhh!  	sadness
	Il serait temps de dire aux opérateurs que leurs commerciaux disent de la merde pour vendre…  	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Dinner was pretty good roommates cool and still got to run without my gym partner Scott2008Z06	sadness
	Afraid to love something that could break 	fear
	I thought Friday was like 2 days ago 	surprise
	Wondering why is in a bad mood 	anger
	Inns need something hot to drink this morning 	surprise
	my sister-in-law grandmother is dead 	sadness
	After staying sober so my friends could get home safe with the promise of petrol money - I return home with no petrol and no money 	anger
	|| fear not what they say or what they do All they trying to do is trip you! So keep your head up and stand strong that's living	fear
	No deal from Super Committee 	surprise
	When someone falls asleep texting you then never responds the next day 	sadness
	Yayay so glad you like it!! LOVE YOU RT DBenningfield21: Sick study package! Thanks morg_wray! I love you 	surprise
	un RT pas très surprenant de ta part :) 	fear
	I will say Merry Christmas to EVERYONE! Even those who emphasize happy holidays! There is in  !!!	joy
	I saw a dead Cardinal outside at lunch I don't think it's a coincidence  	sadness
	The greatest feeling is shouting when your pastor is preaching the truth 	joy
	'parlare chiaro' è la new mission impossible 	sadness
	 I felt bad for HUMPTY DUMPTY when i was little They never put him back together! 	sadness
	giving shows how much you love the people in your life  	joy
	negative you can wait til later ) 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	   there is nothing wrong to fall in love with an other human !!!   	joy
	Its such a pain having a terrible short term memory i cant remeber what i was going to tweet :( 	sadness
	Three hour grammar final in half an hour 	fear
	Meet Up With bra lets release the you know what ) 	surprise
	And check me out using this nigga lingo the tweet before last  I gotta chill !	disgust
	Well I got 89% in my biology test and a C!  dreading maths on tuesday English speech tomorrow and a French exam next thursday 	joy
	I can't even really focus on my sewing and I'm always focused when I sew That's the kind of day this has turned into 	sadness
	ya know I texted u today! And u did not text back :( 	sadness
	working like a slave then I get to go to the dentist 	joy
	Soooooo yeah I think I'm gonna start posting my newest fan fiction I was gonna wait till I was finish but I'm excited :D	joy
	Thuis van papa eindelijk weten we wat we kunnen maken  en nu snel spulletjes pakken voor 	surprise
	Motemana mbabuuuudas? RT Geliyut: All my bag are packed I'm ready to go	surprise
	for real) a person snaking you will never be above you that's why they snakes and stand beneath youand cause of that 	fear
	Nuss fazia algum tempo q n via qnts mensagens faltavam para serem lidas no meu e-mail Ae agora fui ver e ali: 666 =O oO HSAUAUHSHS	fear
	its a surprise  It's the drink I'm making for are Christmas party 	surprise
	My Friend's dog just ripped a loud ass fart then looked at his ass surprised! 	surprise
	First day of work tomorrow 	joy
	Think its time to finish some homework 	joy
	Mdr les zenagui sur twitter  haaahaaa je m'y attendais pas  hooww même  	surprise
	Glass of wine Placebo and Tumblr 	joy
	harris teeter coming back from potomacyou weren't there 	sadness
	Death to the ego Rise of planetary collectiveness!  Peace starts from within! 	joy
	I just watched Saw V (yeah taking advantage of the fact that hasn't taken his collection back yet) about to watch Saw VI 	joy
	I'm Ready To Get In The Weight Room Needa release some 	anger
	It is always so awkward when I ask for help out at a store to carry my stuff and a woman shows up ?	surprise
	Goodnight! It's time for me to sleep into oblivion at least until I'm woken up for school tomorrow 	joy
	and working the rest of the week 	joy
	The of t/LORD is the beginning of Wisdom   of t/  is Understanding ~Proverbs 9:10	fear
	Waited like for fcukin ever for this day and it's about fcukin some shxt that ain't even mine 	sadness
	I'VE LOST MY BAG OF CANDY  I better not have trashed it Golly I'm starting to think I'm getting really absentminded	sadness
	Boss called and said I have to work today -_____-	joy
	Sometimes I wish there was an awesome church close by that I could go to but down in the South being Catholic it's kinda hard :/	sadness
	Emma's home alone I hope she won't burn the house down or so 	fear
	FUCK THERE'S NO ELECTRICITY I'm afraid of the dark 	fear
	real shit im a huge fan and all but when post vids i actually watch the whole thing and take all the advice i can get	fear
	I lost another button on my winter coat 	sadness
	hush! I wish :( so jealous you get to see I could cry 	sadness
	 if the ugly chick gets her hair done  stops dressing bummy she might be bad 	surprise
	Hate hate hate hate hate hate hate 	anger
	““not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	I'm trying to astral project myself to Reseda 	fear
	On the road again Headed back to the 816 And then practice 	joy
	Great I get to go back to my old school The one I wanted to get away from Ya that one 	joy
	same here w/ my lip Can't wait til I go visit her haha 	surprise
	I almost feel sry for people who allow their futures be as empty as their minds 	sadness
	r u performing ur show tomorrow? Where? Give me information :( 	sadness
	Ah non je ne suis pas encore du coté dark ) 	fear
	Complacency is the enemy of accomplishment      	fear
	the reporter in the lime green shirt looked homeless That's about all I took from it also still a bit of 	anger
	Track season started and I'm not working with the team this year 	sadness
	My afternoon consists of learning my lines for drama and finding all my school books for tomorrow 	joy
	Jazzy  really moving like shit  	joy
	Even if you're bad something i cant knock you if you try 1/2 the time those ppl are the 1s that love it the most Don't kill their 	joy
	Kan die schijnheilige dat niet zelf doen?!? En vanavond zeker met de eer gaan strijken :-(  	surprise
	I am happy its warm outside not happy that I have a flat tire on my bike	sadness
	Shocking!! RT It's after midnight so I'm allowed to inform you that Gunner Kiel is the 2011 Indiana Mr Football 	surprise
	It's December 1!! The big build up to the best time of year starts here Surreal Christmas special coming very soon we promise 	surprise
	Frustrating night god damnn people  	anger
	I'm sorry but if you're going to do an act 1 run through I think maybe it should be finished before you try it? 	anger
	when the only person i hit up on twitter is my best friends boyfriend 	sadness
	ON THE WAY TO MY HOMEGIRL BABY FUNERAL!!! MAN I HATE FUNERALS THIS REALLY SHOWS ME HOW BLESSED I AM 	sadness
	Torres' Entrance strikes fear into the supporters behind the Chelsea net of being hit	fear
	 was S-trip calls your house and your parents answer not knowing their child is going on a spring break vacation 	surprise
	onmyway Unexpectedly had to clean mass amounts of snow off gerome 	sadness
	Feeling left out I guess I always have my boyfriend 	sadness
	I will never ever register again as an undergraduate student at  ! OH MY GOODNESS !!!!! : ))))))))))))   !	surprise
	they say bad news comes in 3s but we've surpassed that this month One more angel in the sky  	sadness
	I fucking love Division	joy
	Only 37 Days until our Event with and  Keep checking back for updates!	surprise
	Love how customers always think any problem in tescos is my fault I get a huge rant about how I should change tescos 	joy
	My brother turned 10 today! It was just yesterday when he was a child Can't wait to go to his school to drop of his birthday stuff 	surprise
	 My  comes when I'm wrapping the gifts just knowing how much the person it's for will love it when they open it again!	joy
	damn dude  Did it to myself in the end Gotta keep my head up  move on	sadness
	My moms gonna get nice wake up call tomorrow Her stereos turned all the way up 	surprise
	Damn i didnt think i would ever see him tweet shit 	surprise
	ik ben echt blij met die ketting armband mp3 oortjes dove showergel en al die andere dingen! 	surprise
	Ahh I was legit crying for half the time on the way to to states There was soooo many bridges :'( omgg 	fear
	I agree! Slept like a bear last night RT avocateQ8: Sleeping in on weekends ♡ 	joy
	Ik loop vast op mn omdat ik t juiste materiaal niet heb om verder te kunnen 	surprise
	mmmmmm I think mother nature is coming  	joy
	I just remembered i need to cancel my hair appt bc i spent my money on other things	sadness
	I guarantee it would happen because I'd be burning the shit out of my mouth trying to drink it as fast as possible 	fear
	Sometimes life maybe be crazy but just go with the flow and have fun with it  	joy
	4 dances to learn for saturday another 4 for next week and a load of harmonies too 	joy
	how the fuck have i lost my psychology book 	anger
	I LOVE Mangoessssss :P RT  for the young lady-- ( )'  	joy
	Open your arms and welcome the of today! (◕‿-) You are a ====★VERIFIED★★STAR★ ★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★	joy
	Lousy pay slip shitty system at work christmas will be shit 	anger
	Just witnessed an episode of christmas rage!! Wooooo hoooooo! I ♥ watching people lose it this time of year!!!  	anger
	right If I show up I show up if I don't I don't 	surprise
	My heart is so happy today    	joy
	hartramsey: RESENTMENT is that's stored in the heart 4 so long it exceeds its shelf life  grows a bitter root called SPITE	anger
	gedichtje en surprise af Wordt een mooie avond 	surprise
	ITS SAD HOW DEY KEEP KILLING  MOLESTING THESE CHILDREN!!! SMDH N 	disgust
	my only fear is losing my son 	fear
	volgens mij is een  bouwen tegenwoordig makkelijker dan een maken zucht	surprise
	stalking a squirrel he has no idea I'm about to catch him 	surprise
	christmas can't come fast enough now that every one is talking about my big yes I get it I'm a spoiled bitch 	surprise
	I've been planning a trip since September for to go to the  concert in Chi - they're sold out today :( babe 	surprise
	That was actually a pretty awesome party :) 	surprise
	I MADE BROWNIES so we're good(: just haven't done any schoolwork lol 	surprise
	Building  Trades haha we are supposed to work on the new school but they messed up the orders and everything 	surprise
	I get to work on ceramics all day this thanksgiving break won't be much of a break at all	joy
	Work is too boring Just me myself and i And twitter And random people that walk in from time to time 	joy
	checking your phone in the washroom and accidentally dropping it in the toiletlol	fear
	A lone jelly bean tumbles unable to escape the metal edge at the top of the escalator  	sadness
	Mijn is af hij is echt vet cool Mama heeft me een beetje geholpen met mijn  Nu gauw naar school!	surprise
	I cant see an Alvin and the Chipmunks commercial without missing my best friend 	sadness
	Dang that made me super mad 	anger
	Lovely changed its support  and links to topic from the old one don't map to the new forum -- 	joy
	over paar minuutjes richting Joyce en haar dan meenemen  hihi ze heeft nog geen idee 	surprise
	eu sou a melhor da melhor do mundo em dar tiradas em mim mesmo kkk' 	fear
	I'm about to wake my husby up by strategically placing my always manicured finger in his rectum  	surprise
	Ah… France 2 fait pas mal J'ai juste l'impression de voir la fanfare de CentraleLyon	surprise
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	There is a cat party next door and they meow like a pack of crying babies 	disgust
	 Meeting on my birthday a few years back   	joy
	Wow Rough Night   = More  Argg	sadness
	I am so jelly I'm in public I can't be pantless It is cold 	sadness
	 you tryed to kiss me in the club I'll just assume you had to much to drink Feeling the moment a little to much 	disgust
	I didn't buy a SINGLE THING on black Friday what a fucking fail at a holiday It's like the superbowl for females 	sadness
	It's a christmas miracle - NBA will soon be back! 	joy
	Or dear person in the lib shut up TELL THE PERSON TO STFU cuz they prob won't see your fbook status 	anger
	Should be at home in bed Instead I've sat in a traffic jam on the M11 since 6pm Absolutely shattered and starving hungry 	joy
	I hate when people think they can rap knowing they can't tweet	anger
	Can you believe the debt committee is predicted to announce that they can't come to any sort of agreement? Shocking I know 	surprise
	So I told my teachers I would be& school on Thursday Turns out my appointment has now been moved to a different date 	surprise
	Moet nog een in elkaar toveren iemand een idee?	surprise
	Christmas is almost here Damn idek whaa i want I kno whaa ima get my girl though 	surprise
	Vorrei che le persone con cui parlo su twitter fossero i miei 'amici' di tutti i giorni 	sadness
	My mom is getting a shot in her foot and I'm freaking out 	fear
	When u can fill the an  litteraly comin frm ur 3 from losin tht person tht made u happy Yea worst thang I have ever felt(	sadness
	Lookin for a good bookclub on GoodreadsI may have to start my own  Completely varied  Never know what we'll b reading next 	surprise
	Work actually isn't that bad today 	surprise
	 you got all them extra piercings started acting dumber and pulled out that cigarette  	disgust
	Si on RT mon 4 000ème tweets la personne qui le fera en premier qui me follow pas encore bien sur me follow bah 	surprise
	Heading to the ear doctor 	joy
	PARADE!!   it's the simple things that make me happiest and 	joy
	I hate flop nights You get excited then BAM nothing happens  another night	sadness
	is a juvenile emotion that even the most simple minded creature can express	anger
	making dinner with the rooms tv rain decorating for Christmas homework Baylor  Alamo Bowl  	joy
	real friends never leave u :) RT __chocolate: realizing that your friend left you RT di__LA  realizing that your	sadness
	your right I belong in the kitchen Where I have access to knives And pans 	surprise
	had the same headache for three days straight 	joy
	Yes!  Wise words Feel the and leap anyway Do the thing you thought you couldn’t do  via 	fear
	\(^o^)/ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Every liquor store is closed!! 	sadness
	bijna klaar Nog even een klein beetje hulp inschakelen van  en dan is  weer blij met het cadeau!	surprise
	I am going to ur country the next year ARE U READY!?  	surprise
	Breaking news Joe Paterno has treatable form of lung cancer how much worse can it get for Joe-Pa 	sadness
	if you would like to see my precious face i will be at work for the rest of the day and night  	joy
	Holy dreidel Jake Gyllenhaal is Jewish!  	surprise
	The Night Owls are dwindling  CarolineLinden I need my couch buddy!!	sadness
	I agree shocking management needs to have consequences! We will not be renewing our Box tickets for 2012 Season! 	disgust
	only 10 am and i feel a janet jackson-esque wardrobe malfunction coming on 	fear
	So much music practice to do tonight really happy with my uni result though 	surprise
	I've been at my aunts house for about a half hour and I already feel like I gained 100 pounds 	joy
	no knobber!! Hard rock to get away from the  should I be looking forward to we will rock u then!? 	surprise
	going to see a friend's band play tonight in Midland    	fear
	Thought i had hours left to sleep my alarm went off	surprise
	That's super cute I have always wanted bangs but my hair is too curly 	sadness
	More stoked to nerd it up on Twitter anticipating live results	fear
	Went to the chiropractor today found out the reason to why my back is in excruciating pain My hips are out of place! 	joy
	Head of horror FuckMadonnaUni:  when no footballer wanted to risk contesting for a ball in the air with Bensela of Head	fear
	Morning all! Another day another dollar! 	joy
	The musical is over No more skid row or running through the audience with flashlights 	sadness
	There's a few people I just want to punch in their fucking faces  	anger
	yea learnt the hard way! when he got upgot dressedonly then did I tell him it's not morningu have 3more hours sleep!	surprise
	Positive correlations and negative correlations Who gives a rats ass?! 	anger
	Whatever CFB acting as if Urban and our sweetness isn't on their minds  	fear
	haha I think that has more chance of working! Did four miles definitely guna feel that in the morning! 	joy
	Bible study tonight today's topic 	fear
	Wearing a new tiered-ruffle top made of out sheer meshy fabric I didn't know the tier over the Girls wld fly back as I walked 	surprise
	Homemade tomato soup with fresh mozzarella melted over top 	joy
	For some reason I woke up thinkin it was Friday then I got to school and realized its really Monday -_- 	sadness
	Make God the eye of your storm and find peace calmness quietness and faith to SPEAK peace be still in the name of Jesus 	joy
	Dear douche head who is blaring music in your car outside my bed room window I'm trying to study here! Be respectful!  	anger
	When your friend makes a list of friends that are also your friends but you're not included the list 	sadness
	krave is a disgusting cereal the advert lies there is not chocolate in the middle 	anger
	My night will consist of the Big Bang Theory Illinois vs Maryland Duke vs Ohio State and to top it off Victoria Secret Fashion Show 	joy
	Back to the class I hate the most because I'm so lazy in it  AP Spanish 	joy
	“MsDivaInc: Sometimes I want to cry but my pride won't let me that's y I smile and laugh so much!!” thats our taking precedent! 	joy
	It's 4:10 pm and I haven't left my house 	disgust
	Some days you turn up to a gig to find its a double headliner with another band you like 	surprise
	 people who won't  when watching  ITS THE OFFICE people! Come on	anger
	At joanns shopping for a Christmas tree to put on my ugly sweater 	joy
	sad thing is I was ready to say good job Knicks but not these Knicks fans 	disgust
	Watching this T Pain video This man is sick  	disgust
	Oh i have to set the table for a million people i dont even like 	joy
	Late start or no late start I still want to sleep more this bed is way to warm and cozy for me to leave it 	sadness
	Miss it when the football aint on tv 	sadness
	I got the Dec issue when I thought I wouldn't bc I forgot to reorder almost bought it td! Woohooo  	surprise
	Don't know many who can take a cancer diagnosis lightly too much   	fear
	Love driving home and seeing our Christmas lights on  	joy
	you know you're never at your 8am class when the people that sit on both sides of you say omg are you really here? 	surprise
	wait until my parents go to sleep until I can watch it I'm not starting it until now But it's already done 	anger
	Christmas party at my dads work tomorrow 	joy
	Ofcourse I am since last night But humble humble and slowly taking profit Won't go at once unless hits big time	fear
	Moral to the story? A little can be used as a huge  	fear
	Being in the car with my mom driving is the scariest thing 	fear
	The zombies in the upcoming World War Z film run 	sadness
	will have you doubting what God is doing in your life Don't allow it to creep in and steal what you've been praying for 	fear
	I've got a massive pile of ironing to do :/ 	joy
	en dan moet ik er nog 2 maken ook!! 	surprise
	Wedding today also :') Tears of 	joy
	Where ever resides at in your life move in that direction with boldness! The more u go the less it has power ova you	fear
	plz dun tell to Jay who disclosed this ep (jk ekekekekeke)	fear
	I make half of that band 	sadness
	Don't be afraid to fall but to stay there	fear
	Never let the of striking out get in your way--Babe Ruth	fear
	Is a happy Godmother just got to know that friends got a healthy baby boy last night! 	joy
	things that never get better with time putting the cover on your duvet 	anger
	Break! On a raft imagine floating on a gentle river watching scenery go by Just relax let the current carry you 	joy
	stressing and running out of time to get this stuff done! 	sadness
	how disrespectful shame on you you sicken me Horrible man Boo 	disgust
	When you're pissed off and people don't know when to stop 	anger
	Selling all of my old snowball dresses and my first homecoming dress  ):	sadness
	So glad we still have Chamakh and Squillaci Someone explain to me how neither of them got on the end of that cross 	disgust
	A blind man trying to find his way o the toillet  On a moving train stumbles a lil and indian woman mumbles hes drunk HES BLIND 	anger
	speaker asserts she was right that Viet cong oppression in communism was good      -in-speaking	anger
	RIP mico  Im tired of crying I juss know you in a better place now  	joy
	Once Monday rolls around my life after school will consist of either practice or the chiropractor 	joy
	Feeling slightly rough Pleased I didn't end up down Barra 	surprise
	im already knowin imma miss my hair appointment this week :-((( 	sadness
	Hahaha! He is prolly ordering Rock Bitch right fucking now 	disgust
	''What is profound might become absolutely meaningless'' 	fear
	Wait didn't I just come back from home?? And I leave in a wk and a half again?? :D	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	the shah: As the rest of the country starves i'll have some peacock and sorbet GHARBZADEGI at its finest 	anger
	Trois jeunes engagés politiquement à gauche pour le  Globalement d'accord sur les questions économiques 	surprise
	okee even snel plaatjes van victorius vinden en dan omkleden 	surprise
	chuvaça dessa e eu voltei com a net de boa em RP?! :O 	surprise
	Choir concert tonight 	joy
	all situated college life for another month 	joy
	missed you this morning i might just sneak into your room to cuddle later 	surprise
	Alright so Im done tweeting for marcel :) Follow me SURPRISE HOE's!! :)	joy
	 when i won the principle award 	surprise
	This would be the worse day for anyone to get blocked by 	fear
	Sumpah gue rindu lo gue kangen lo hanyalah lo yg gue pikirin saat ini 	sadness
	My can veggie beef soup was outstanding 	surprise
	Going to have the laziest weekend ever  well not exactly Shopping with the madre tomorrow 	joy
	Stupid law examin suds till the 22nd 	surprise
	I apparently lost my best-friend 	sadness
	People don't even know how blessed u can be when you'ra a medical student --  Nothing EVER goes smoothly  	anger
	know how to deal with racism and goal line technology you Swiss bastard! 	disgust
	has had a great day Doesn't want jiggs to leave for work 	sadness
	Centre des impots me voilà amis twittos si je n'ai pas tweeté d'ici 24h c'est que la file d'attente aura eu raison de moi 	fear
	leur duo marche assez bien imagine avec Daniela Lumbroso 	fear
	So apparently the PHGY kids once secretly sent a StripperGram to the ANAT214 female genitalia class !!!! poor prof	surprise
	Former  who were   now speak without and openly  for your  and  tomorrow 	fear
	No college football today 	sadness
	I really like  just have to really pay attention to the details	surprise
	Cant wait to get this spinal tap tomorrow 	joy
	He's on Nancy Grace while the city is looking for his daughter 	disgust
	I would spill my leftover chipotleatleast my dogs got to enjoy it 	anger
	Quote:  I have a weekly column ‘Diary of a slightly mad single mummy’ in The Chichester News  	fear
	great live performance by katy perry 	surprise
	waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay the trailer for the final episode killed me not my Cora I dunno if I can watch it 	fear
	Brought Duncan to the black friday urban sale hahahah 	surprise
	Thank you!  I love spreading my   and  all over the   It makes the world a better place! :D	joy
	Usually when I'm sober scary movies don't phase me Otherwise 	fear
	Live as shit at the mall American Eagle is havin a 40% off everything sale and I have no funds smh 	sadness
	The worst part is that's not the only time it's happened 	sadness
	Break! Imagine…Peace reigns All are fed All have shelter All are healthy All are abundant How does THAT feel? 	joy
	Never once in my Engg life had I been to library Now here I am making it as a second home  	surprise
	That random moment when youre lying in bed and your bro pelts you with fruit gummies:P  That happens to everyone right?? 	surprise
	OH WAIT  that hash tag is incorrect	surprise
	after he beat up his ex and screamed horrible things to his daughter I knew he'd mess up again- just glad no one was hurt 	anger
	How in my wildest dreams am I going to get £14000 to pay for my sister's fees before monday? As an entrepreneur?  	fear
	Oh em gee Tommy Lee Jones is in the old Charlie's Angels! AHahaha! God bless late night homework and background TV 	surprise
	 are having towards everyone reaching  I don't give a  with what you  say yet I'll send you all ma 	anger
	i cant even c myself even hittn the follow button to follow yo ignorant ass back! 	disgust
	 at  JAKARTA MAGICAL ELECTRO DJ's:   MAGICIAN MASTER DANIEL GL:  BdgParty_Club	joy
	School The only place where drinking milk and eating pizza together is acceptable 	disgust
	Its fine you can turn the heat all the way up I like to sleep without clothes on anyways 	surprise
	 Humor  understanding of the role  plays in life bringing wealth richnessotherwise  …	joy
	 said As simbu is close friend of  wont release his movie  source zeetamil   	fear
	Good deal I'm glad your feeling better! Wishing you a Terrific Thanksgiving with lots of Trimmings on the side!  	joy
	Worst part of the day: not being able to pick up my iphone 	sadness
	Necromancians   Affaire du policier mort pas mort mort : N  adepte d'Abdul Al-Hazred ?  	fear
	My daughter said I really want to go to  I said Oh really she don't know I got front row tickets already 	surprise
	Have u ever bashed some one so hard in the face it feels like u fractured every bone in ur hand we call the 	anger
	Pret a manger and the off license opposite take so much of my money 	sadness
	At home sick and today they decide to test the fire alarms in my apartment 	anger
	But this that I have The world didn't give it to me  guess what?!?  The world can't take it away!!	joy
	I seem to have lost my coffee mug between here and West Des Moines   	fear
	Wow Redskins are schooling Dallas talk about a 	surprise
	Bring me lucky's and she wants sausage surprise	surprise
	I come home with my 21 year old sister passed out on the couch 	surprise
	Like I wish I knew of moves tonight but it sounding uneventful in g town 	surprise
	It comes with a snooki tree topper!   best part is snooki puts it on personally! ⛄	surprise
	i wish i could go up to the bitch that stabbed me in the back and rip her heart out oh wait now i remember SHE DOESN'T HAVE ONE! 	anger
	track practice without tomorrow 	sadness
	I know Tony gonna bust in my room any minute now to beg for me to twist his hair -_-	joy
	Simple Ideas For DIY Baby Surprise Containers 	surprise
	welcome to my life 5 days a week 3 	sadness
	I did and they didn't really intrigue me  Plus the campaign ending was anti-climatic to the nth degree  Uninstall game  	anger
	Klaar met hobby'en ! is af :o) ! Result kan ik nog niet laten zien ivm volgers waaronder de ontvanger dus ff geduld 	surprise
	Expressing anger is not getting it out of your system but feeding it Only understanding   can neutralise 	anger
	Back in Bombay and back to twitter already :( ended too soon 	sadness
	I have come to the sad conclusion that I will not complete NaNo It appears that for my time in grad school it won't be an option 	sadness
	My hair has decided to be a curly mess today 	joy
	On a lighter note I have just finished my future of journalism article So I am all ready for the 12 noon hand in tomorrow 	joy
	  A wise person said: Abundance in the universe is circulatingif it needs to multiply give it awayBread on waterGive 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Amen!	fear
	Im gonna put this knotted up wash cloth up my ass and pull it out right before i cum 	surprise
	and loathing my man fear and loathing -Hunter S Thompson 	fear
	:( I'm in Alexandria with hosanna Oh my goodness am I depressed   	sadness
	Astronaut__High: factor use to be the best game show to watch	fear
	Observe without judging and find greater peace and 	joy
	it don't matterI know my shit better be under that tree! Or Santa at the mall is gone be in for a 	surprise
	I hate narrow minded/arrogant people Wake the hell up 	anger
	I've paced distraught as a motherless child hunched and heavy hearted 	sadness
	164 pages of yearbook approved Print and be damned :-)  	fear
	Now I kno why I don't like home it hurts too much to remember /3  	sadness
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	its bad when you forget how to play guitar 	sadness
	making chicken alfredo for dinner for the parentals	surprise
	Ik heb 't moeilijk met mijn en  Het is een  en ik gebruik graag  Dus Hoe is het nou?	surprise
	oh Happy birthdayi know that feeling Do something special for her A would be great	surprise
	When you book in an anpointmentBE THERE! And no it wasn't a different day!! UGH--  	anger
	I lost my seeds! Now how am i suppose to plant my mctrees! D: 	sadness
	 Being able to relax and let go forget stress and give gifts to loved ones and see smiles :) Gives me 	joy
	The brittany didn't make it from the sporting dog group 	sadness
	Haven't had my phone all day 	sadness
	but theyre so fucking predictable Yup there gonna get married in the end 	surprise
	Tomorrow is going to amazing!! Live Nativity spending the day with my bestie getting our thriller costumes and driving! 	joy
	i swear people piss me off more every day 	anger
	Guys that are married  still act like they single me	disgust
	crying just might happen today with joy or grief 	surprise
	Wish I could tell my cousin I'm coming to visit in jan 	surprise
	vnaaf nog t gedicht opschrijve en morge dat gat make 	surprise
	maybe its a good Idea 2 recall our  in   send them back their ambassador in till things Calm Down 	disgust
	I love rereading my locked texts from Guess who lol all of them are from sarahforks They just make me smile :D	surprise
	Its so windy! I feel sorry for ppl who don't have heat 	sadness
	Don't miss our Christmas Eve Candlelighting service 7 pm Xmas Eve at Semiahmoo House in   	joy
	Mmmm that was a early dinner(: other cousins house now 	joy
	I really dislike that its getting dark so early 	sadness
	Shoulda went home beat as fuck 	surprise
	when people blow in my ear n de breath stink	disgust
	oh yeah i forgot he was playing oh well he will get a big when he gets home	surprise
	My Moma didn't have to whoop me or MistaBlock She just laid the belt on the table  we all knew what that meant 	fear
	making my awesome sweet potatoes in my bra dancing like a white irish girl in the kitchen haha! all alone n full of 	joy
	can't Fear a damn thing want a thing	fear
	Shut the fuck up! Honestly you need to calm your tits 	anger
	Anger is born as you struggle with reality 	anger
	Its always a good day when your parents finally see your tattoo that youve had for three months 	surprise
	Covers so warm on my body right now Time to get up	sadness
	Late Night Phone Calls 	surprise
	Tomorrow I'm going to get nd Jaela frm school early nd takin my grls to lunch L0L 	surprise
	Under a blood red sky 	surprise
	Shut the front door! My brother just waltzed in from  	surprise
	If I find YO panties in my Laundry Basket  you had Skid Marks inside them????? That's   	disgust
	I tweeted him the video just a minutes ago but he didn't mention me :( 	sadness
	Giving this a try No owl lamp 	fear
	Can't Believe I Was On The Verge Of Risking Everything I Worked So Hard For	anger
	You don't like secrets Nucky? How are you on surprises? Last week he bedded the missus and now Emily has polio! 	surprise
	when I saw my tweet was retweeted I did not expect it to be you So you get a special S/O for being unexpected 	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	YouTube: my comments belong to me not you That means I should have teh rightr to delete them if I wish 	disgust
	Crip Walk-Off?  RT ECS Preparty I'm nervous for my digestive organs LoAlex2 starallo jmayshar	fear
	My  Done Got Bad Fuck I Feel Like Leting Out My On Someone :(	anger
	What's that? Another weekend of SW: TOR testing? OH! SURE! Why not? I wasn't planning on getting any work done this vacation ANYWAY 	joy
	“APRILannGaStOn:  calls you beautiful instead of hot or sexy” I've never been called beautiful 	sadness
	The only way I can describe week 13: in Harry Potter when everyone is scared to say Voldemort's name out loud 	fear
	who will also increase our wage bill? No sense bringing in anyone What message does that say to our yound talents? 	fear
	 ft is the 2nd Leak off Dropping Next Week	fear
	I miss hanging out with AM Lee and Jay Those were good times 	sadness
	guess my grades are gonna suck - makes me wonder why i put in all this effort :(  :'(  	sadness
	Skipping workout to grocery shop 	joy
	Let the baby sleep on your bed and what do you get? A wet bed 	anger
	Tu peux développer le et tout (il doit me rester des adidas montantes quelque part sinon)	fear
	is determined by the ratio of your focus on God to your focus on your problems The greater your focus on God- the greater your joy	joy
	We absolutely LOVED The Muppets Highly recommend - had much laughter and plain old good fun! I felt like a child again!  	joy
	when u get a chance u should leave that piece out for 10 min then turn the lights out 	surprise
	Most of my friends left and tomorrow is my birthday 	sadness
	i hate it when you play online you start winning for once and then the person quits 	sadness
	And of course the psycho bitch is in my life ONCE AGAIN!!! 	joy
	why so many Ciara and tweets today Don't take me back to my and my  times	sadness
	drugs are bad i dont like when people brag about doing them! 	disgust
	is gonna love me because I'm going to help her pass her precal test tomorrow :) 	surprise
	Taking a hot shower and debating on whether or not you should get to the toilet or just let it all out 	surprise
	Just heard passed away today He was such a great guy He will be missed 	sadness
	Lolz il a des gens qui on pas de vie 	sadness
	Been waiting for a bus that clearly isn't coming -___- :'(	joy
	che sfaiga! Io non so perchè sono così tranquilla forse perchè ho la consapevolezza di non avere soldi :( 	sadness
	Love being my parents taxi 	joy
	when you say you're from guilderland all the local college kids think you're a spoiled rich fag  	sadness
	my cobalt is a cheap piece of plastic and i want to catch it on fire 	anger
	Just got reminded that I have to get to work in an hour Feel coming soon!	anger
	The most unexpected and inexpensive  things are so meaningful to me Just got sunflowers   and of course  	surprise
	had to leave my best friends house! :(	sadness
	don't really wanna do my swimming course tomorrow 	joy
	Mines 11 Jr high next year Freakin' out RT ryanclassic: My youngest brother is 14 	fear
	Cnt remember the last time I cryed tears of 	joy
	School shootings need to stop  I know there is no quick fix to this But schools are supposed to be safe 	sadness
	pff ik wou dat ik ook al klaar was! Het idee bestaat al lang nu nog de tijd vinden om het te maken! En dankjewel! 	surprise
	Im now missing an integral part of my story :-\  	sadness
	Just bought my boyfriend a Superman hoodie jacket online It's been awhile since I've gotten him something Not telling him tho (:	surprise
	Do not teach  to Teach them to  God  that he will protect them from evil  Love them at all times! 	fear
	music can affects ur attitude no wonder ppl r so violent da music they listenin 2 embodies   and 	anger
	not ever providing my parents with grandchildren i am an only child	fear
	Fk Is his tv ever annoyin -_- its not like he would lower it so I wouldn't have to hear it all night nono he wants to share the fun -_- 	joy
	Parents evening tomorrow night… 	joy
	 has no ideology just max out profits blindly Individuals no longer matter! 	disgust
	Vanavond om 19u afspraak met  in het  van  En de Sint komt natuurlijk niet met lege handen! 	surprise
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	i should clarify: we're winning the *game* of terror not the war on it america terrorizes like fucking no one does still plenty to 	fear
	OH NO! I missed Burt Reynold's day! It's my favorite holiday of the entire year and I MISSED IT!!! 	anger
	where the Man United fans at tho lol lol feel for Man City tho	sadness
	Keep wasting my time go ahead 	anger
	The only reason you don't have a fist in your face is that you have combat training  	anger
	Grr another horribly grey day -_-	sadness
	Wordt een uitdaging Moet met junior mooie surprise maken voor ajax-fan 	surprise
	Okay Ya lo encontré es algo asqueroso ynose wn quede en chok párese una infección mi Mamá me dejo traumada _	disgust
	School then rehearsal till 5:30 	joy
	fear nothing  false evidence appearing real telling you fear something - 	fear
	yo mane you think pac will fight you in may? rumor says 4th fight with marquez whom you handled? i think hes scared 	fear
	Ima sexy niqqa but sometimes my confidence level is on a all time low 	fear
	and if they would've made a bigger deal about it last season ku would still have morris twins and selby 	anger
	I am a firm believer in great things happening when you least expect it 	surprise
	I love my awwwww crew and I'm going to miss them so much this week  	sadness
	Does not matter how many times i shower i cant wash off the gads	fear
	Today is gonna be a rough day 	joy
	Christmas packages are arriving to our house already oh the suspense I just really want to know what is in the box! 	surprise
	I fucking dont like bitches  if i wasnt God fearing  living for my child I would kill one of these bitches  I SWEAR ! 	anger
	What a great night in the RDS!  Great Score and fierce giddies in the Leinster Store when Zac announced his engagment!  	surprise
	Do not be quickly provoked in your spirit for anger resides in the lap of fools -  	anger
	Who knew downtown upland could be so much fun 	surprise
	doesn't understand why people act this way 	sadness
	you sound like you don't want me as a life coach 	sadness
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear - not absence of fear Mark Twain   	fear
	My phone died last night! I tried texting anyway lol Can't wait for tonight! 	surprise
	I can't wait to see you tonight!!!! oh wait you're not coming home til tomorrow :( 	sadness
	Algunos HDP ya vieron el trailer de The Hobbit y yo acá en mi casa sin nada que ver ni siquiera The Walking Dead 	sadness
	Overheard: (Grown Man to a woman) I did too go on Batman  Robin! I went on Medusa too FOR YOUR INFORMATION!  management	anger
	Thank You God for the acceleration my Amazon package is expected to arrive within a month yet it has arrived after 12 days only! 	surprise
	Family outing to the doctors today 	joy
	Its going to be an interesting day today I have no idea what is planned 	surprise
	I wish would hurry up and go home to see what Easton did to make up for his mess he made 	surprise
	Demain je passe l'après midi seul avec dans une cave Ca sent le kwakontest rectibrosse 	fear
	If he was 8 yrs old LeBron would Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	its too early for me to be awake now to start my three hour drive to lbk 	joy
	packing up and almost ready to go to the airport 	sadness
	great night Way too many drinks tho! Feeling very delicate today!! 	fear
	no way OMG I am going back Friday with Chris again cheeky grin  	surprise
	Is it a lack of  or a of  that make people put up with bullshit	fear
	I don't know why but I think I might like working daily with my mom  )	surprise
	Turned on the radio to find Christmas music playing 	surprise
	I talk a lot ab how freaked out I am for baby to comebut the truth is I can't wait to look into her eyes and fall in love 	joy
	mid terms begin next week 	joy
	If you want to conquer fear don't sit home and think about it Go out and get busy& over 	fear
	 but it does have an eerie feeling to it and for those looking to buy a game that makes you hesitate around corners I'd recommend	fear
	 when came home for homecoming weekend and jumped out of the car when Kendall drove by 	surprise
	It says the  wants to keep people  that's what it says is a great tool 4   silencing 	fear
	absolutely i wouldnt even be up right now if my sister wasnt so fucking loud 	anger
	I absolutely hate lady gaga katy perry  nicki minaj's style!!!   me	disgust
	 Your is the one and only thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve-Cheryl Janecky  	fear
	of Public Speaking Tips - Host Teleseminar Interviews to Improve Your Public Speaking Skills   75123 Myartsubmit	fear
	OH MY GOD I FORGOT ABOUT MOVING DAY I have to go to work soon too Boooooooo 	sadness
	I can't wait to just sleep in tomorrow! I must study tonight and tomorrow and the next night oh and 3 essays due!	joy
	Dont believe the lies Look me in my eyes Please dont be scared of me& remember you this feeling isnt new   dnt 	fear
	WHY cant u get normal chocolate MMs at the cinema anymore?! 	anger
	Uma novidade pra vcs em primeira mão chegaram os biquínis da nova coleção da Joy e são muito lindos! 	joy
	I saw your status and immediately wanted to go so YESSS3 & gift to eachother?! 	surprise
	You gotta leave something to the imagination Girls need more class nowadays 	disgust
	Annoying people who rung you and then hang up once you pick up the phone 	anger
	close to hyping my housemate for bringing all the boys back from football at 1130 on a tuesday night 	anger
	Good morning Twiterland we are here! Sending you    to all  Happy Furday :) *purr*	joy
	Crying so hard right now Drako killed the FUCK outta Dumbledore 	sadness
	u can't hav   these r actually only ur own thought interpretations u put on the moment follow me	anger
	babies eat human flesh I swear I've seen Adelynn do it All I could do was clap 	fear
	after a long day at the arena im now off to work   all to do the exact same things tomorrow 	joy
	Mari people are speculating that the Sheriff dies next week! I might cry! I don't want it to be him! 	sadness
	so your harry potter dressed professor hates sex 	surprise
	50% d alliées c est pas si mal! Et les opposants sont pas tjrs ceux qu on croit  	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	That I'm already in bed and missing drakes performance 	sadness
	BLACK eyed Peas Concert!! 	surprise
	Funny cause I have one for you come to the store tomorrow 	surprise
	Whoevere let they're nasty ass dog shit In the middle of the Pavement is dirty as shit ! They have no morals what so ever ! Ew ! me	disgust
	Have you ever looked fear in the face  say I just don't care? My answer is EVERYDAY! love within kills the fear  	fear
	Nor will the wealth profit him when he is  thrown in the pit 	fear
	PUJOLS IS AN EVIL GREEDY JERK HOW COULD HE LEAVE US AFTER ALL WE'VE DONE FOR HIM!?11? I HOPE HE DIES IN A FIRE!  	anger
	True hollywood story of casey anthony 	anger
	whew! Have only come in contact w/ two foods (infrequently) on that list  	fear
	hi sexc i miss you we didnt play this weekend 	sadness
	what! why?! its not like its a human or plastic surgery??& -__- 	sadness
	NYC terror plot foiled yesterday but  waits until prime time Sunday to announce it  Yeah Right     	fear
	About to go spend my day in the cold windy weather ringing the bell at Collin Creek with 	joy
	First match and i get the honor of wrestling a weight class up 	joy
	Good Luck!! I wanna see a picture of the baby ASAP!  I cant wait for you to see the when you get back to school	surprise
	Bye bye direction la salle squat hack squat ischio etc 	fear
	I would give anything for a nap Its one of those 6am-9pm days 	joy
	Don't let hold you back from achieving your greatness	fear
	YouTube claims your new Dragon Roost Island video ft Veela is a private video Yet it was emailed :( 	sadness
	is the wrong use of imagination It is anticipating the worst not the best 	fear
	Mine is psycho But I think we all know that But some people dont know how psycho mine is   	anger
	I was asked Aren't you married and have a child? more than once last night The answer is no to both 	surprise
	Frustrated stressed  i guess i am not posed to enjoy happiness 	sadness
	Time to study for human anat 	joy
	Oh how I hate the feeling of putting on a school uniform after a long break 	disgust
	I A♏ not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today less	fear
	been waiting for this moment for forever  just too scared to to  	sadness
	Messi Xavi et CR7 en finale pour le Ballon d'Or 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	saw  on the tv stand they smelled like a combination of and  if that b*tch thinks i'm wearing them	fear
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	eindelijk in bed net nog 3 frieten en frikadel speciaal geverfd morgen in het bakje plakken 	surprise
	not really any pain this time! I think part of me knew all along!!	sadness
	j_trufftruff: I thought you were trying to change yet another lie It's a shame Smh smh smh smh	surprise
	So much work to do Might be pulling an all night 	joy
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions 	fear
	1:30 am Just read a tweet from that mentioned MattJackson13 Tonight is gonna be a brutal classic 18 hrs til 	fear
	hi hello hey We did not get food today 	sadness
	when yur dad's anger and yuu laugh	anger
	You look like a damn hooker Put some clothes on! 	disgust
	i put them in the teddy raffle prize for the blind school yer daft twat yer 	surprise
	When his family makes the final decision Still in the planning stages for coach	surprise
	Film preview screening today Handel's Messiah tomorrow MC Christmas Concert Sunday Three day winter vacation Monday  	joy
	Looking forward to doing nothing this weekend apart from working 	joy
	lmfao um BYE no party for you	surprise
	Been at school for 9 fucking hours  	disgust
	NOOOO you didn't Miss :) Yeyyyy!!!! Def a Oooo let me know the dates Jet-lag naps here we come lol :D	surprise
	Unlocked my house door and there was a kitten sitting in my living room  	surprise
	Yeah yeah lol  You won't know what you left unless you come get it 	surprise
	Brother: your in your riding clothes like everyday Literally Me: yes? Brother: you ride those horses EVERYDAY?! DO YOU WORK?! 	anger
	okay you can't say chipped after that you're officially dismissed from this convo after that statement 	disgust
	Its christmas sock season 	joy
	Why the fuck are all these ugly ass bitches commenting on my Facebook post? 	anger
	Love feeling my baby kick :) 	joy
	At work and every blonde girl that passes I think it's ambscrowe94 I miss her! 	sadness
	 RT Word is the Feds have my truck They are gonna have their hands full folding all those blankets	fear
	My heart and mind are with you Virginia Tech Stay safe everyone 	sadness
	been awake since 4:30am too tired for black friday fun 	sadness
	A package at home? What have I ordered now?!? 	surprise
	Not only did we not cancel our appointment we had to do amazing work to make sure someone was at the house all day 	anger
	Lol my boy texted me and told me I looked very cute today 	surprise
	I forgot to set  on my dvr I won't see  go HAM on christina aguilera or justin bieber or kelly clarkson 	sadness
	boooooooo stole my garth christmas tweet  i made CDs!	surprise
	Sometimes something great and unexpected happens to turn it all around 	surprise
	Why won't buttonMode=true and useHandCursor=true work on any of spark components This is infuriating   	anger
	maybe all you did was use me thats all You told me your problems so i could help you but gve your love to him What a disgust 	disgust
	having a long hot soak in the bath using my candied ginger scrub and body butter  x	joy
	Wilde vandaag gaan  en mijn afmaken in plaats daarvan lig ik  in bed met een geimproviseerde kruik	surprise
	Going downtown to Millennium park today with the family in the cold And rain 	joy
	Brutal night!     going to be cranky tomorrow! 	joy
	guess ill watch this sorry ass steelers game 	disgust
	I be forgettin I'm followin these celebrities til they pop outta nowhere wit a tweet nigga	surprise
	I legit just used my AP Stylebook for the 1st time outside of taking a test on it 	surprise
	Wow people these days Stop being so selfish Your not the only person who matters on this earth 	disgust
	Aww darn I don't tink there's any creamer left! 	sadness
	also omg  Dover Air Force Base?  Really??? 	sadness
	Is our exam 2 hours or 3? Surprise 4 hour case exam 	joy
	J'ai cru que c'était qq'un qui se foutait de la gueule de et non c'est le vrai Ça existe encore des gens comme ça 	fear
	Just accidentally allowed my skink to lick my tongue because I was mimicking her way too close to her face	disgust
	at my alien feet Famoos good It's been my first day back and haven't seen my sisters properly lol every1s running around	sadness
	Now to Leek to present then back to MCR to redo a week's worth of work in two days 	joy
	oh it's not just my back In clean terms I basically bought myself a one way ticket to hell today 	joy
	“To live your  in the of losing it is to lose the point of life” — Malcolm 	fear
	My cat likes my bf way more than she likes me 	sadness
	Twitter keeps saying forbidden when I try to follow 	sadness
	Omg Star Parivar Awards take to a whole new levelComedy Circus Zindabad!	sadness
	Don't let anyone ever rob you of your joy Your is in  Remember this Remember this Remember this 	joy
	Every man has its own ways to earn successo do I  So don't talk like you know my own STFU !! 	anger
	going loner to target panache and hob lob	sadness
	Probably no school again tomorrow! Feel like death! 	joy
	sent me an invite but won't allow me to log in Then I tried to sign in with Facebook and it wait listed me again 	sadness
	Seeing the Iphone 4S advert and wanting it! Way out of my budget! 	sadness
	I keep thinking about how epic this morning was!!  	surprise
	The most basic broads without a dream in this world are the first to tell you that you can't 	sadness
	Maybe creative and sexy at the same time maybe It just makes me get a visual of an octopus where a woman's poon should be	fear
	i wish didn't go to sleep so early so she could take part in and my skype conversation :( 	sadness
	stop trying to figure out your christmas present  3	surprise
	the part you didn't guess is that wrapping paper will be the only thing i'm wearing ) 	surprise
	Just drove over the bay bridge for the first time It is really high up 	fear
	I want and I don't want to grow up I don't know what waits for me in the future Can be good and bad 	fear
	the moment when you get another follower and you cheer 	joy
	 I'v never waited so long to be groped by a doctor in my life Dislocate my shoulder 	joy
	Going to bed!  going to Coronado tomorrow! (: I miss that place ❤	surprise
	PUIS ! Ils ont verrouillés les PC et sont partis en mode total nous disant qu'on avait juste le droit d'être là  x)	fear
	When I tweet something stupid as fuck everyone retweets it? 	disgust
	ik vermoed dat die persoon net als ik nog moet beginnen klopt dat? 	surprise
	Give me that I can't explaingive that   	joy
	aww sad well I sad my teacher likes the broncos and I said that's 	sadness
	Gisteren Sinterklaas gevierd en ik kreeg een iPad met Microsoft Word erop 	surprise
	Just read some text messages from that day! 	sadness
	When a Republican says shining city I think they really mean night light Lots to fear when u choose to live in the dark  	fear
	104 characters can't describe my feelings right now 	sadness
	I thought you were trying to change yet another lie It's a shame	surprise
	im not gonna lie my family celebrates christmas without christmas trees where's the festivity?!?!? 	sadness
	Curled up on the sofa watching disney films ahhh  X	joy
	I live Christmas lights! Especially colorful ones :) 	joy
	SarahBakerE is this really a concept Memphians don't understand? 	surprise
	I can't believe that Thanksgiving break will be over tomorrow! :(( 	sadness
	No you're voice wasn't in a rushing wind It was still it was small it was hidden Oh you came like a winter snow  	joy
	I don't understand what goes through these people heads when they decide to touch children and take their innocence away Straight 	disgust
	Gunna spend the day doing homework 3 	joy
	I've got no idea how are we gonna fill in the void for next 25 league games plus the cup games:/ 	sadness
	I feel a cold coming on 	joy
	johnlegend: NeitherWatch The Throne nor 'My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy nominated 4 Album of d Year Imma let you finish but 	surprise
	Proud of Rowan Williams Anglican Church has morality  freedom to show social compassion without or constraint but   	fear
	Nahh they blackthey sistertheir mom name after White bitches! 	joy
	Isabel told me what I'm getting for Christmas 	surprise
	I have seem  caught myself humming  A B C  - Michael Jackson numerous times today What a Jolly mood I must be in :D  	joy
	Apparently done did something awful to Huntsville 90% of all the HUGO screenings in town are in 3D Nothing 2D after 7PM 	anger
	I found 224 on Goofle and shared that with the group which kicked off again 	joy
	I'm about to eat Taco Bell for the first time in over 10 years 	fear
	Those who look to Him for help will be radiant with joy no shadow of shame will darken their faces Psalm 34:5 	joy
	He  shall give His angels charge over you to keep you in all your ways In their hands they shall bear you upPs 91:11    	joy
	Justin Bieber is just one above Matthew Fox who is being sued for punching a girl in the crotch in Cosmo magazine What a !	surprise
	Have to sing to old people tomorrow 	joy
	Let's get this day over so I can go home and study 	joy
	damn again smdh that's some fucked up shit	sadness
	Nose como puedo decirle a una persona oh God iloveyou y al otro dia decirle Killyourself fucking biatch 	surprise
	has me bad for the 2nd wkend on the trot lie on til 12 is a must	fear
	Back to reality in the morning 	sadness
	I did mate Had fish and chips he asked how wasI just looked to the floor and shook my head 	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I haven't told my dad that we have an extra guest for dinner on Thursday yet 	surprise
	Love is such a big word to only have four letters and it's used so incorrectly everyday 	sadness
	I'm covered in pink painthow do I do that? 	surprise
	Thinking of all my new friends at  as they deal with a terrible tragedy today  	sadness
	Made the wrong choice again 	surprise
	Its not  anymore Take care of your wiley body hair You shouldn't have been doing that shit in the first place 	disgust
	Enjoy this Day Beautiful World and Planet Earth's wonderful people!!   	joy
	j'ai la cote de rien du tout j'ai perdu ma bien-aimé :'( 	sadness
	Mina and I would get really excited to play Mario Kartbut Sam won't go ask Ryan for it 	sadness
	awwww look at the baby cows running! yeah in about a year they'll be your steak 	sadness
	You know I'm spending money cause spending time is hopeless And know I'm popping bottles cause I'm bottling emotions! 	fear
	NBA LOCKOUT IS OVER!!! i just ran a mile of joy   	joy
	decided to hit up twitter today 	surprise
	Cannot concentrate on what I should be  - need to burn off pent up = one    coming up	anger
	wow i dont think my life could suck more butthole than it already does 	sadness
	Had the biggest crush on her in highschool but never had the balls to tell her of being shot down	fear
	Why does most people don't like to go to the next level in life? 	fear
	ha this morning! Its real out here Team  and 	joy
	I got a slice of papa john's in my fridge want it?! 	surprise
	I think my roommate is deaf She listens to the tv soooo loud  And no not for all you that think she's my only roommate 	surprise
	Fantastic December day= Blue sky sunshine 39 degrees Long walks w/ BF Lunch at a French Bakery It's the little things 	joy
	true story! Big Black would crush me like an ant under a fat black womans Nikes 	fear
	Lamar Odom? Seriously? One of the worst pick ups in recent history And now the Kardashians will be in Dallas 	disgust
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I feel alright with it I overthink transcription too much I'm glad that's over  done with though Up next: Lang Sci 	joy
	do something only a kid would do n feel z difference 	joy
	All packed up!  Now making some food and studying!! 	joy
	im gonna hold off any celebration of Fielder signing with Seattle until it's official Remember all the hype with Cliff Lee?  	surprise
	Soooooo one of Famu's drum majors died after his performance yesterday 	sadness
	J'ai pris ton numero chez ta soeur  je voulais tenvoyer un message chuk la  Lol genre une :p mais ca passe pas :(	surprise
	*wanders the downtown area w im_no_ser ppl watching  ears perked at all the noise  gossip*   Rhaegal_	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Great comes with  The result is often in Look in the mirror look at urself what u see is often the  himself	sadness
	Every time I walk down the steps outside of the Union I'm terrified I'm going to fall down them  chip a tooth 	fear
	  yeh it will be fun!  dress up girls were going to the hottest place in town 	surprise
	 is short live it |  is rare grab it | is bad dump it |  is awful face it |  are sweet cherish it |	anger
	so much stuff that I have no clue about I thought bestows were supposed to tell each other everything 	sadness
	i rebooked my ticket to home and will arrive 2 days earlier  :)	surprise
	Can't wait for black Friday Buying myself birthday gifts 	surprise
	I cant belive that i wont see and have news from for a long time! 	sadness
	Listening to Eternal by Joy Division Sad mournful and beautiful all mixed together division  Curtis	joy
	No better way to spend a rainy Sunday morning than updating the  Environmental Working Group Activity Plan 	joy
	hartramsey: results from seeing ourselves walk into a situation w/o the LORD FAITH is realizing that HE gets there b4 we do	fear
	I love being on Christmas break! :)    subbing tomorrow! 	joy
	last weekend last year wasn't a good weekend for melol 	sadness
	Hurray debate on train with Villa fan 	joy
	✓RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	My phone is bi-polar It dnt wanna cooperate wit me ryt nw  Need 2 send it in 4 repairs	anger
	is on a bus wanting to go home 	sadness
	the holiday tag lines make it look like we care about customers 't	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Still sick Hoping to be sent home from work Can't talk headache at the ready to ramp up to near-migrane again 	joy
	 when i unpack my stocking from last year and theres still something in it 	surprise
	My mama's on a health craze!! Wheat bread wheat pasta and salad for dinner! WHYY?? 	sadness
	So its officially Christmastime and I don't know what to put on my Christmas list :( 	sadness
	 when you think if a year ago someone told you this was going to happen you wouldn't believe them is the best 3 	surprise
	Ahhh this episode of  seemed short And there wasn't much of Toni  But it was still a good epidsode nevertheless!	sadness
	Hopes  dreams were crushedpush me down some stairsnow -___-  Why mess with my head?!!?	sadness
	Gah nooo I need a ds light charger asap :( the battery is dying man there goes my educational fun 	sadness
	so funny how we all claim to play for the same team while others have secret agenda's and only halla when they need u 	disgust
	Woo  when you get the malteaser out the box :) but when you realise you have none left :/	sadness
	This lady on the bus is wearing a bright yellow jacket and matching headphones but too many people are between us to get a picture 	sadness
	D'oh RTTBONEWFNZ: Anna Kooiman leaving   Excuse me for a second I need to collect my thoughts 	sadness
	Ma io voglio leggere Martin non il libro di Chimica Martin Non Chimica 	sadness
	On my birthday this happened: Oslo was covered in snow all Italian teams are through and only two English teams are through 	joy
	Ughhhhhhhhhh d vdd no veo la ora q sea enerothis kid is a friggin drag 	anger
	My mom bought Star Wars candy canes for me 	joy
	Glad to know I'm not the only one who likes weird food during late hours in the night However I have no milkshake 	sadness
	debrareble: follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves-Buddha 	joy
	Death is not the biggest fear we have our biggest is taking the risk to be  and express what we really are ~ Don Miguel Ruiz 	fear
	Good start to the night lets keep it up 	surprise
	RTEn ik gingen helemaal gillen tijdens de film die man werd ze hoofd omgedraait en er werd der een uit het raam gegooit xd 	fear
	great that I have to go to the job centre whilst in agony with my neck 	joy
	Yes it's 2 n the morning Yes I'm still awake No I do not know why Yes I'll be sleeping til noon :) 	joy
	Living with my mother is like living with an extremely depressed friend that I can't ever discuss my sex life with  	sadness
	From what I understand I have 5 papers due Monday? 	surprise
	lOVE CONQUERz All WhEThER YU WAN iT TO OR NOT JUZ liK CAN bE AN UNCONTROlAblE EMOTiON SO CAN !!! ((YU'VE JUZ bEEN SERVEd))	anger
	Normally mih free tym wud be tlkn shit  gooffin around wif dah one i love buh l8ly it's been full of 	sadness
	Mrs Bowers comes back tomorrow 	joy
	Dad's going to Hidalgo tomorrow and I can't go because of finals 	sadness
	Ah ik heb echt geeen zin om nu een gedicht te schrijven 	surprise
	This is going to be a long  much needed journey Jersey this is my last hoorah  	surprise
	dude your brother is getting into boxing?  	anger
	I can help with suicide note  RT BrendaThoka: Sometimes I really really hate life  	sadness
	Wish I could've been on  today as an extra Maybe I could've gotten to see in person or something 	sadness
	That moment when you see a hot guy and then you turn around he's gone :( 	sadness
	I alwayz get the craving 2 text shtuff to  then I realize the banter is no longer alive 	sadness
	Just found a full pack of rolos Em left at my house! 	surprise
	Coming to the point in life where simple choices don't exist anymore 	joy
	Note to self: Never transport hot items in crock pots via car unless you want a permanent spiced cider scent in your Mazda 	sadness
	out on friday then it's a weekend of study	joy
	Santa is bringing me 4 Star Wars shirts for christmas! 	joy
	I will be the most disappointed if they actually consider Taylor Swift for the role of Eponine in the movie version of Les Mis 	anger
	Mais pourquoi ne fonctionne que par intermittence au  ? Je précise que j'ai un abonnement monde	sadness
	Behind evry beautiful smile thers sme kinda paini feel like strangln sm bitch 	anger
	dowdy didn't turn up to training 	surprise
	Overwhelmed Gonna have to spend some time over thanksgiving break writing papers 	joy
	Standing on the train cos I don't like sitting next to strangers 	fear
	8 Hour Shift at the  today Then WEEKEND! I will do my best to live the weekend long and hard!   	joy
	If u can't find in a bowl of icecream u won't find it in an unopened half gallon 	joy
	The world didn't give it  the world can't take it away ! 	joy
	I will gladly bet ANYONE that in the next 10 years any pro or college teams here in Washington State will NOT bring a title home 	sadness
	room clean bed made laundry done only thing left is homework 	joy
	TWITTER DOESN'T WORK  ON MY PC SO CAN OLNY USE IT A LITTLE Please dontunfollow! 	sadness
	Been watching Gshore series1 all day Never wanted to put loadsa tan on hit the club and pull some lads so much in my life 	fear
	I guess I'd rather hurt than feel nothing at all!!!I need you now!!  it causes great 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Today: eat work on paper work on lab work on paper finish lab eat finish paper   	surprise
	All day I'm  for  to shatter  Join me	sadness
	 que me regalen lo que yo quiero sin que supieran que era lo que queria :D	surprise
	God is so good! Feeling so much today	joy
	Hmmm let see if will make my night  me wit a follow  Show love to jersey :)	surprise
	 yu to hot to trot  ⬅ how farmers go smack now a days  	disgust
	se um dia eu disser q não te amo é q eu te mo ainda mais! Se um dia eu disser q não te quero  é que eu te quero ainda mais! 	fear
	Actually don't taste so bad 	surprise
	When am I coming home? Idk it's up in the air!!!	surprise
	A bar where the only beers on draft are miller lite and bud light?  Srsly? Not a Stella or good ipa for miles 	sadness
	I was grinding  and sleeping RT Bono_BL: U like mad late!! Lol RT JennSays_ATF: Patrice oneal died though?! Really?! 	sadness
	coffeered bull 	sadness
	Marketing project down Now let's get started on this Psych Final Essay 	joy
	Feeling pretty awful And I really can't handle these pictures in my Patho book tonight 	disgust
	Finals tomorrow ugh 	joy
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	why don't u come punch me in the face and find out!? on deck	surprise
	It helps that I'm rarely home! Plus the people downstairs have been blasting theirs  	surprise
	In car with an uncle he sneezes the loudest I've ever heard The car started smelling like sneeze couldn't stop gagging  	disgust
	It seems as i gain a follower i lose one Stuck at 123 	sadness
	Mais mais t'as Jack pour les sourcils! Ou Pingu! Je vais être obligée de me foutre de ta gueule maintenant 	sadness
	true but its the green dragon relays 	joy
	bet the baby will be here b4 new years no matter how many months she been preg lol 	surprise
	Never make ur so loud that people avoid talking to ubut make ur  so loud that people die to talk to you	anger
	Class for the next 3 hrs on how to teach math and science 	joy
	 I'm not at the Two Door Cinema Club concert at the Midland right now Damn sold out 2 months ago box-office  	sadness
	Best thing of the day 4: Oh baby COMING HOME Never gets old    	joy
	When you something you'll end up watching others create the value that you  but you deserve to endure it because u paused	fear
	I should just say something NOW because we won't be here forever  take a chance I see something I like and I want it 3 	fear
	watching a documentary on  residential schools I can't believe people would treat indigenous children this way!  	anger
	Your 4o dancing like your 2o big when your boob pops out 	surprise
	I just found out wants to make love on top a pile of ground beef She never fails to me	surprise
	We finally located my uncle though He's getting married in Denver 	surprise
	Spent entire 3 hour class watching skate vids then forget its raining outside 	sadness
	sorry if i ruined your meal plans though a nice ham would taste great tomorrow  eliminate your family's that you might be al qaeda	fear
	I really wanna go to  in Feb/Mar in San Diego next year but I don't really see any way to afford it… 	sadness
	yep my  is neutral is the best person u can be not good not bad not for not against   is neutral	joy
	Just got on the scale and am officially never eating again (ska binge eating out of misery)  	sadness
	Saw  today  got good news :D Also only got 9 1/2 days left at work x	joy
	So do we stay friends forever? 	fear
	When someone you're doing so much for is constantly putting you down You don't deserve this 	surprise
	Gotta study for religion cosmo and do a whole bio assignment tomorrow 	joy
	The entire theatre for Harold  Kumar 3-D smells like the reefer 	surprise
	I hate watching fat old ladies munch on sunflower seeds 	disgust
	When people fall asleep on me 	joy
	You DUMB FUCKING BITCH!!!! Why is it that out of you and your two 3year-olds YOU are the one sucking your thumb?! The fuck!!! 	disgust
	no passive aggressive tweets tonight? 	sadness
	I think I should throw her a partyyeah imma throw her a party 	surprise
	haha Jah! En nu zit ik in een krakende trein naar Zwolle 	joy
	we sugest check outsider Facebook one of the most newest hotel in Punta Mita for your followers special treatment 	surprise
	a fantastic voyage * Omnic looks at his 336k link and then looks at * Mercury cuddles his cable modem (=:]	joy
	 stop taunting me ☹ I'm too broke to unlock you gonna have to wait till next thursday 	sadness
	I'll be working in 2 different kitchens tomorrow in between a trip to Southmead 	joy
	and I bought each Christmas gifts yesterday standing right beside each otherlol	surprise
	I don't even feel sorry for you Prick   	anger
	When Harris teeter doesn't have triple stack Oreos 	anger
	Dixieland Delight is on the radio 	sadness
	Somehow managed to fling my sock into the toilet And the cherry? I hadn't flushed yet 	joy
	A now has a new trick to get out of sleeping I go potty 	joy
	Angie just killed a spider with a plunger	fear
	Je ne vous ai pas dit  vient chez moi ce week-end je vais faire une pâtisserie un truc qu'elle aime 	surprise
	sur mon compte: c'est mon cadeau de noel! looooooooool laisse moi tout foutre sur mon compte épargne mouahahah	surprise
	30 days till Christmas!               x	joy
	Blehh I wana go to the a day to remember concert :( 	sadness
	my mom just made me carry in a 50 inch tv with my eyes closed because it was my christmas present 	surprise
	Seriously had no idea was on  tonight! It was a nice to see a JoBro pop on TV good night to a crap day	surprise
	Psh Yes I have a Type A personality But im working on that  issues issuesshit I just have issues period Lol	anger
	Je vais peut être même ne pas aller a Bailly pour continuer mon déploiement tiens 	fear
	Happy Thanksgiving to my  fan love you see at 930 oh yea 	surprise
	To the world you may be one person But to a person you may be their world I don't think so 	sadness
	Ver capítulos de Boston Legal  :) que sea la última temporada :(	sadness
	lunch then nap and  getting rid of this building inside of me 	anger
	Vous pensez vraiment que le PP et Rajoy peuvent remettre en cause le droit à l'avortement et le mariage (et l'adoption) gay ? 	fear
	I feel my world is ending today  	sadness
	that awkward moment when your parents didn't know ab your belly ring and your weird family lifts up your shirt at a xmas party 	surprise
	ano mate thats why im asking so i can prepare to take care this time unlike last time i know mate you are that 	surprise
	Leaving the beach breaks my heart 	sadness
	MAC MILLER LIVE IN MARCH W DJ L-MOTION!!!!! DAMBURY CT 	surprise
	That awkward moment when you borrow your brother's jacket and in the pocket you find a box of 3 condoms with only 2 left 	surprise
	I guess I'll be writing a scholarship essay today 	joy
	Woken by a munchkin at 730am! Amazingly late! And he's whizzed back to join the big boys in the sleepout  Ms5 asleep beside me 	joy
	Zo alle kadootjes voor Sinterklaas zijn gekochtnu nog inpakken en surprise maken  	surprise
	coo I'll head over Ur driving btw 	surprise
	Winter weather advisory! 	joy
	RIP Twinkie You were a wonderful pet rat 	sadness
	haha my dad told me first i didn't tell Jack until now 	surprise
	home now  going to bed & am final then classes all day someone send me a goodnight texttt3	joy
	Deciding on a christmas tree is harder than deciding what we want for dinner 	joy
	I so don't feel good :( 	sadness
	lol I'm actually at lvs right now! The calender launch was today so I've decided to make an appearance ! 	surprise
	Now to start a LONG day at work Woo 	joy
	Mom is flying in from vancouver tomorrow 	surprise
	This is the second day in a row I've felt like this Damn you hangovers!!   	fear
	Wat druk allemaal Wel weer twitter bijgewerkt  zo verder gaan aan en hopelijk nog ff rusten op de bank	surprise
	yah I read about it earlier todayguess I'm just not cool enough	sadness
	Chercher ses filles a l'ecole pour les emmener au mac do 	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Break! Someone has been kind to you when you really needed it Remember their kindness  feel it again 	joy
	-Never regret anything that once made you smile 	fear
	Survived the dinner with the landlady Actually turned into a political discussion  	surprise
	Me in 18 days ☺  RT Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	I know you like your Starbucks You got to find a student who works there I just got a free latte! 	surprise
	I am slowly turning into hump   	disgust
	Throat hurts headache runny nose I would like to stay in bed please Or I could go to work for 12 hours 	joy
	 parents me! Lmao don't tell me shit u can't even raise a kid but wanna tell me how to live my life? Stfu stankin ass nigga	disgust
	Celebrate Life  this is your one chance Give the  of     	joy
	why is my paper not finished? oh that's right my ass is stuck on twitter 	surprise
	Our fears are more numerous than our dangers and we suffer more in our imagination than in reality - Seneca  	fear
	I'm in Chicago doing the musical Memphis and our shows are at the same damn time 	sadness
	Listening to some and your bass lines are killing me  	joy
	In my own lanehappy pleasing My God 	joy
	I miss everyone :( JeremyBell21my real family bores me 	sadness
	Who knew a letter could make you so happy! 	surprise
	Hope you guys enjoyed seeing my face smashed against the bus window staring at you guys 	surprise
	Am I so wrong to be so upset over my things being used in ways they were not intended to do? No longer useable!  	anger
	Emmet Otters Jug Band Christmas is on Netflix streaming 	joy
	RR“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	J crois que k ressemble à un zombie et que j fais flipper tlm dans la 7   	fear
	Going to this eagle madness looking like a bum 	surprise
	It's DECEMBER?? oh holy crap when did THAT happen?! 	surprise
	iyaa dong RT azurazr: kita mau dong ( ) jadi reporter jakcloth  	fear
	Was planning on having Campbell's Soup At Hand for lunch but it spilled over in the microwave Dora Spaghettios it is	sadness
	Im suppose to be productive this week but I just woke up	joy
	The sh*t has just hit the metaphorical fan   	fear
	The thing with is you can run away from it but it won't stop until you learn to face it	fear
	I've been put on hold - You know the tune that comes from musical Christmas lights? That is what they are playing in my ear 	joy
	Whoa Lost is still airing?? 	surprise
	i hate when the homeless dog commercials come on you have to change the channel 	sadness
	Not sure how we are suppose to get to the gamethe 7adults have already gone through 3 pitchers of beer and counting	joy
	Father God i fear  what MAN wants to do to me i the day you hand  the KEYS to  !! All I ask father is  me	fear
	Actually went to classpaid attention today I'm sad that I just realized that it's a pretty good class 	sadness
	maken sintkadootjes  spreekbeurt over  voorbereiden en vanavond hachee op het menu ! Nu eerst happy hour	surprise
	Is going to commentate every match tonight? Because that would be AWESOME  	fear
	 Couldnt wait to see them live If missing them in NH7 wasnt painful enuf Suraj 's performing his last gig in delhi 	sadness
	Oh yeah I have played condemned Less crack head? Damn I like crack 	sadness
	btw you 'so-caled' no1 fan of Shoaib Akhtar plz check my wall on fb :D fizzarahman	surprise
	people who make fun of other people to make themselves feel better just me	disgust
	Pumped up to meet twitterfriends at  tomorrow It's been awhile since the last twtup I've attended 	joy
	just look for the girl with the broken smile 	sadness
	That sad feeling you get when you can really tell the week end is over!!!  	sadness
	Have to learn for history But I can't concentrate on it because I think I'm bipolar 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Biggest Strike across the UK i'm crying tears of :'D	joy
	Wearing my hair down to school tomorrow (:	surprise
	ohhhh stress! guys can be such a waste of time 	anger
	i need a vacation junk food retail therapy a biiiig hug  a bottle and a blunttt 	sadness
	The gracious hand of our God is on every1 who looks 2him but his gr8 is against all who 4sake Him ~Ezra 8:22	anger
	wow that is a lot no peanut butter 	sadness
	 these 2 lovejoys I call my babies  and that man I call husband 	joy
	Love morning sat talks with my mom! 1 of few things that I'm glad sidewalk has a break! 	joy
	Quite hypocritical considering that same member's comments about the racist don't you think??  	disgust
	Happy birthday bart 	surprise
	wooww i told u not to take pics of me in the locker room :/ 	sadness
	naaahI don't feel my birthday tomorrow Because i didn't get a reply from  ouch:(	sadness
	We praise We praise Your Name we praise Your Name *singingoutloud*	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	stay away from niggas that can land me in some trouble 	fear
	summer ball practice at  	joy
	yeah yeah yeah whatever we'll see if i unfollow you or not it'll be a :)	surprise
	love you3 too bad you didn't go to practice on saturday i was actually there! 	sadness
	Day after tomorrow cause I have a basketball game in Fredricksburg Also not much of a anymore  	surprise
	getting too comfortable being single  end up lonely for the rest of my	fear
	Genieten met de hele fam   en een geweldige surprise voor mij door broerlief! Mijn iPhone van hout	surprise
	ohmypotato time for bed Space Program tomorrow! 	sadness
	not an inch of artistic talent there! is a more descriptive statement 	disgust
	Just left my mom at work now driving home listening to the one that got away 	sadness
	have the of  already and only on the train u will need to clean up this mess!	fear
	The all-of-a-sudden-phone-vibration attack :) 	surprise
	No I Ain't that's how I Picked All that heavy Shit Up with no Hesitation 	anger
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	And with that back to filling out more paper work 	joy
	Half a day today 	joy
	Packers taking care of business 	surprise
	Ohja! Een maand terug zei iemand: je kan altijd bij me aanbellen voor een kopje thee Morgen is hij een theezakje armer:) 	surprise
	Dude! RT Lungs88: Cabanga nje ukuthi uKeith Sweat will be performing alongside Ringo and SA jazz artists in semi-towns! 	sadness
	Hoe kan je gemakkelijk een gitaar namaken van karton? 	surprise
	So did riverside get really good compared to last year or am I trippin???? 	surprise
	seriously! At least you made about 2% of those tickets worth at work today 	joy
	Oh no! RT BryTupper: Since you're taking steroids I'm sorry but your dreams of playing professional ball are now over	sadness
	Hermosas las tarjetas de la inauguración de gracias a ! Son lo max! Gracias!Y los espero	surprise
	Barca 5saraaaw 5saaraawwww ya shamaataatiii fehoom Madrid today fayzen w barca finally fell XD	joy
	No school for me tomorrow Going practice though but all I get to do is sit there 	joy
	Uh oh Just found my long-lost Corey Blade Christmas album cc: BrandonCurtis	joy
	Yay! won the FIFA12 press tournament! Congrats!  But let's not talk about how it went for me 	sadness
	Tweet ons een foto van jouw favoriete van dit jaar RT en win tickets voor een avondje stappen in !	surprise
	is the weapon of choice that  uses against the saints of the Most HighFear   you won't have the fear of the world✡Prov2:5	fear
	Tak payah nak love me long time sangat lah  Bontot aku basah sampai dekat SSP kot and I was shivering the whole time in the car :| 	anger
	Why am I heading to Sydney tomorrow when I should be going to Melbourne to see my one true love!!!! Wahhhh!! 	sadness
	Happy thanksgiving to all u sad people tht r looking at my twitter when u can be eating 	sadness
	the moment you realize you've lost the one person you always needed most but wouldn't admit it 	sadness
	when you don't feel well you can only hope for a surprise :)	surprise
	kurisupii:  congratulations you win nothing  i win the satisfaction of being smarter than all of you  	surprise
	Things that have changed since I've been gone - my German Shepard named Dude now loves to jump onto my bed 	surprise
	In every  give you something wonderfull  He take off the bad actions  !	sadness
	Anong subject yan dear? Wala pang  ngayong week noh? 	sadness
	Ew feel like I wanna puke and I have practice in like 20 minutes 	joy
	I think I agreed to watch someone's kids tomorrow? 	joy
	It is a joyful day to count blessings   	joy
	Dacht ik heel even een uurtje voor mezelf te hebben om aan te werken verwart  eindtijd met begintijd van zijn afspraak	surprise
	A woman worth sum is most definitely worth sum 	anger
	That is the first time I have removed my red rag during a game 	disgust
	Na bijna 2 uur bouwen met dochter nu samen chillen op de bank we kijken Spykids leuke film! En een bak strooigoed tussen in -)	surprise
	Being treated to get my feet done on my bday! What a great and a sweet :D it's been too long!	surprise
	as soon as Brock feels that 1st solid leg kick from Overeem Brock will check out mentally sets in retreats and fights done	fear
	 I'm coming to odessa give me a bitch to fightbuilt up	anger
	Happy birthday   what would the world be like if  were still rocking it 	sadness
	// At the end of the day I never really cook for myself I'd rather cook for people 	joy
	Me siento mal porque mi chino amigo decidio cerrar sus puertas en este dia feriado y no puedo ir a comprar cosas a un lugar cerca 	sadness
	but Everything there is an exception then there is a term: sometimes we need to do the 'necessary futility' :) re: 	anger
	Successful cooking fiesta!  	surprise
	My sister found out about my candy ascortney would say lol )	surprise
	mayyybsss But you wont know if i am or not because its going to be your surprise birthday party 	surprise
	That rapist better start handing the ball off 	anger
	 what the hell??? mathew dies on thanksgiving ohh my eyes are sweaty   	sadness
	i understand now why they do not announce this stuff anymore   where is conversation thread in new twitter?	surprise
	Oh great a skinny bitch with a immune deficiency 	surprise
	Last bowling club meeting of the semester ? I think so	sadness
	'mermaids and god brought together in classical studies' pauline ''you guys mock but you just wait for judgement day'' 	fear
	----- RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Honestly don't think I can make it through one more day of school gonna fail a math test 	joy
	is the product of the Spirit and of following the leading of the Spirit in  and fellowship with God-Joyce Meyer	joy
	I love finding a chewed $4500 lipstick Someone is in deep deep trouble 	anger
	Going to cut down the christmas tree with Alex today 	joy
	bad enough the futurama monopoly shipped way late but the beat up scratched dirty print defect game boxes are too far 	anger
	The Christmas season has officially begun! Watched The Grinch with a mesmerized 2 year old grandson on my lap  	joy
	En moet voor dansen nog 250 besteden heb al de helft van 5 euro gebruikt  know what 	surprise
	 we have breakfast for lunch at school  oh wait  we never do 	sadness
	Thankful for a Maker that is jealous after my (your) heart :) 	joy
	hey! I have a function shirt to give you  	surprise
	Yeah natalie makes me feel dirty inside But yeah I'll get over it 	sadness
	Wondering when I will be making the switch? Seems pretty random from tweets 	surprise
	I would literally lift my leg and pee on her like a dog- & 	surprise
	Im so done with the freaking ignorant people that surround me at this school 	disgust
	just woke up  time to do work   I'M FEELING JOYOUS 	joy
	Happy Thanksgiving 2011! Standing Up for  until all the living with praise the God Who was and is and Who will RETURN for us	joy
	This is so unbeliveably annoyingi can't tell if it's my class my lag my mouse or my playing!!!!!!!!!awweagblherh flawfweb 	anger
	take a look at what your worrying scared or nervous about its usually a lot smaller than you think don't let stop you	fear
	3-2 beat the   I lost umbrella no 213 (I always forget to grab my umbrella dammit) 	anger
	Driving into Chicago for a doctors appointment 	joy
	Why is it so hard for me to start studying? Oh ya because my packet of notes is 20 pages Typed 	joy
	why would you ignore it from ME though?! I started it I'm never there anymore It's a big deal when I say it	sadness
	Tanning makes me despise the press because now ashley is not in the air with some project 	anger
	Apparently  updates my Twitter for me with game activity 	surprise
	Girl ii wanna  yo ass soooo bad !! but guess what iim just venting iim in control of my 	anger
	thanks Andy Thought the Android OS was too high But today I got the screen to auto bright cut some services Much better 	joy
	Open house = sit in campus ministry 	joy
	In the gym this morning Xmas tree afterwards then a nice 4-12 shift at waitrose 	joy
	Fuck this bs wait Now I'm pissed off 	anger
	Where there is there is  Where there is no joy there is no creation Know the nature of joy	joy
	Let that tough talk walk and watch how your run	fear
	My sister just rolled up in a brand new Infiniti lol 	surprise
	I pretend fight all the time 	anger
	Boo! The fact that I won't see your beautiful face at work kills me 	sadness
	tomorrow's weather will be more depressing than today's	joy
	First day of works pretty fun 	surprise
	My favourite comment of today from my dear boss You don't have any time off booked in the next 3 months do you? 	joy
	When I saw one of my old friends after a long ass time and found out all he does is do drugs and party 	surprise
	Kanye West is kinda a lyrical genus 	joy
	I'm sorry this is mean but huge moles  moles that grow hair really freak me out  	fear
	the happiness when I tick something off in my planner 	sadness
	The toys R us advert makes me want to scream 	anger
	Ugh  My break ovaa dat quick  Danq'Mayaaaaan    ' (:	sadness
	Full of joy! Four dogs at home Hugged Janina amorcita and Shelby the bebi!!! Few things can bring such joy like hugging a dog!!!  	joy
	yeah except for me its Kenny running around frantically trying to find me coz Justin is hiding coz its a :P	surprise
	Science MOCK tomorrow if I don't get a C I go on foundation 	joy
	Ppl Think Getting Loud Suppose To Put In My Heart No Way_	fear
	Oh the sweet taste of freedom! Consider my Tony Scumbag aka Chestnutt obligation fulfilled! Blessed Day! 	joy
	Yes!  I've developed a greater appreciation for patience!! For God!! He ALWAYS has something greater in store for us!! 	joy
	Pizza Hut just delivered my pizza 20 minutes early AND it is one of the top five best pizzas I've ever had from there  	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	LOLLLLL :) she is a nice girl Lol it okay pratiksha your not going to die Hate her go punch your bed )rq	anger
	Aspire to be like   be not conformed to the dark prince of this world True   is in God   	joy
	Is it mean to think its funny when uptight people go into a normal person rage? Lol is funny to me anyways	anger
	Waitits not?!?!?!  RTpeoplevsgnomes: There's no final four for the presidency! This isn't American Idol or Top Model!	surprise
	I reallyreallyreally need to read again one of my dear Jane Austen's novels UnfortunatelyI am already reading two book for uni 	sadness
	Ah fuck just missed my 300th tweet :(	sadness
	Definitely did not feel hershey lightsnot as good as it was is middle school 	surprise
	REJOICE! RT MazzESPN: johan petro is the only  player at the facility right now 	joy
	Damn! Mother Father and Son all stinky n musty Such a shame n sad situation Who will tell th other hey you need to shower smdh 	disgust
	mama gaat even naar action om inpakpappier te halen voor mij  	surprise
	I wanted to lay in bed for a bit but i guess im off to pay this thing befofe I can rest 	sadness
	Ik ben egt een ramp in gedichten maken	surprise
	Done with all my homework before midnight  Going to relax :)	surprise
	bringing back my straight hair  didn't think i would 	surprise
	watch'n the news  this lady went to the ER for stomach cramps  had a whole baby  she didn kno she was preggo what a 	surprise
	Even wachten tot de verf droog is en dan weer verder 	surprise
	if she's a bird he's a bird  I want a bird 	sadness
	Another player from the SEC wins the defensive player of year award   	surprise
	when your favorite Harry Potter character doesnt RT you  :(	sadness
	I was ready to do this breathing machine one last time then go to bed but then reminded me about reading plus -- 	joy
	Bk! It's okay doesn't compare to  wedding practice then wedding shower tonight !!	joy
	About to have a movie night with my booboo jellyybeansz 3 Last night in NYC before we go back to Madison 	sadness
	Ben aan het maken  Spectaculair!  Maak er  morgen wel een foto van  Is nu nog  geheim!  Full  color  printer  is  erg  handig	surprise
	your kampung at Klang actually btw i just bought new earphone RED BLACK rm15 dok sempat nk jejak kaki ke USS pong! 	sadness
	Finally having a new radiator fitted into the bathroom Now I won't freeze when I get in there :D 	joy
	My beard went from spectacular to hobo-esque in 3 days 	sadness
	About to leave bailey flowers on her step 	surprise
	Yep definitely easier to deal with Also shipping box unmarked 	surprise
	ughh I feel so bad : ( I can't win fast money for you cuz all the computers en mi casa are occupied!  	sadness
	When life gives you  crush them with a mallet to get rid of that 	anger
	So turns out I have a lot more time in the morning when I don't go on tumblr 	surprise
	i feel like is my most used hashtag which is depressing :/ for every sadness there will now be a  :D	sadness
	Anyone know who 2 artists are at radio city live	surprise
	The awkward moment when you realize your in your french teachers house watching LOTR 	surprise
	Anxiety The elephant in the room that scares me shitless 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	You might as well I can't eat the food likes to make 	sadness
	6 months after talks what's better than a prospect coming back with a budget before end of the year?	surprise
	I'm actually surprised by the treatment here they're actually helping me! 	surprise
	LSU fans have no class whatsoever  Its actually laughable Les Miles face showed it all 	fear
	My sister is home! YAY VISIT	surprise
	Aww ____ I love how other people tell my baby things that I havent 	sadness
	yeah weird stuff Jesus dancing 'running man' Devil tells me it looks funny but i try hard not to laff 	disgust
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Lying in bedlost in my thoughts about how to do what I'm called to and love  in the midst/bcuz of it all  	joy
	I just absolutely lost my mind :(	anger
	staying home tomorrow to decorate the house before my mom gets home 	surprise
	says: Ready to chow the fuck down Ordering my drink now Oh And Pirates has been broken down all day 	sadness
	oke als dit een echt mascaraborstel was deed die het heel slecht :$ 	surprise
	Officially living my life for meTired of people telling me I should go to school for this cuz its money My money my time my future 	joy
	in the real world rapist don't use lube 	surprise
	l will sleep back nah Good darky cold nite 	fear
	Be thankful for your trials If you're being tested you're being perfected Which means you have a divine purpose  reason to rejoice! 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	o my fucking god new korn album is out 	joy
	I can't force this heartache  regret from my mind Sorry could that ever be enough?    	fear
	3in blade going through airport security  	surprise
	deadassss I'm taking out all this tomorrowwhat the fuck man	anger
	Really do think that  is the happiest day of the year at Baylorit just seems to be an evening of community cheer 	joy
	Twisting financial aid's arm Being Wayne Stated is the soml 	anger
	Off to Derby and Cambridge today - reckon I'll be in the car for about 8 hours!  	joy
	Urban accepted Ohio State coaching job I thought the whole reason he quit Florida was because of health?  	surprise
	Beckett + Demming kiss and Castle is just broken about it 	sadness
	Looks like I'm gon' be up for awhile Jarryn ain't tired lls -_- !	joy
	lol!! PS I'm posting a vocal reel on youtube Like more than half were produced by you 	surprise
	if I be  I'll cry I don't wanna die alone  	fear
	Salut à tous quoi de prévue pour aujourd'hui ? Pour moi sa sera nouveau shooting en studio nouveau style je vous en dit pas plus 	surprise
	WaitOnce Upon a Time isn't on this week?  	sadness
	I have hurt the ones that love me cuz you don't  	fear
	haha okeeje weet yoch wel al die toetsen doe ik erop moest maken die zitten er allemaal op 	surprise
	Leuke om te geven lekker om te krijgen een bufkes cadeau-cheque ! 	surprise
	 my father but he already passed away 10years ago 	sadness
	yes$600 later my susucki won't be ready until Monday now I am waiting for my ride 	surprise
	Phone line connected still no router or details! It's been 8 weeks! 	anger
	NCIS I love you But do you have to cut to commercials every time something cool is about to happen? 	anger
	Love my   In tellin ya  solves alot! Gotta overcome that of EXPRESSIONit makes u feel like a loads lifted	fear
	I get my baby thing today 	joy
	Some chinese to cook! Then  a night of writing! Which trasnlates as a night of staring at a blank screen or looking at porn! 	joy
	Assholes are angriest when they realize they can’t control something they had no business controlling in the first place 	anger
	My followers are going to have a twitter feed full of my annoying tweets when they wake up 	surprise
	Guess what? Its Thursday and I have 2 tests today 	joy
	Off to work  Where I'll just stand there and say hey what's going on ? To people who for the most part don't speak English 	joy
	I want coffee2 days in a row without it 	sadness
	okay its gunna be the best date ever i cant wait to ask you sometime this week when you least expect it	surprise
	No more  tweets for a while I promise Need to focus on protein targeting and the secretory pathway 	joy
	Way a great way to start my day Threw up everywhere and I still have to volunteer 	joy
	i think that if your friend asks for support you give it to them without judgment 	sadness
	My house is da house smh hate dis hell hole	anger
	These mother fucking shit ass computers are pissing me offfff!! 	anger
	I thought Heath Ledger died but apparently he works at an AutoZone in Lubbock 	surprise
	IT'S ALL FOR ATTENTION! STOP BUYING INTO SINITTA'S ACT!   	anger
	My friend Puck was one of the nicest and funniest guys I ever met Made a huge impression on me He died yesterday at age 41 	sadness
	Goin to bed! Gonna get like 4 hours of sleep 	joy
	Taylor Swift's stupid face when she steals an AMA away from Adele!!!      :( 	anger
	Get called from secondary school MrOngHK   	surprise
	Im glad you can't erase my past because im writting my new future and its even better than i ever hoped! :)   	joy
	Amir had his first comment at Valiant today!!  	surprise
	Green Bay is now the Mother of Democracy and the Father of Civilization? 	fear
	211211  And they All Askin Bout the Symbolism thou	fear
	About to gargle this salt water 	disgust
	Don't get a party Have'em watching state P 	surprise
	I feel as though I live in  because there are things I'd like to say in this  post but losing my  	fear
	i swear i've never been this happy in my entire lifelove the feeling she gives me	joy
	wat up bro am feeling nothing but rite now toite we gon turn upliterally	joy
	: when your  QB keeps handing off the rock to his RB who keeps scoring rushing TD's 	anger
	they have Social Media 2 promote themselves! (don't need us)  WE ARE  too! -I can't live in  deny WHO AM!	fear
	Met Sheheryar Khan today Remember a Pak player was accused of rape during 04-5 Aus tour? Guess kon tha! 	surprise
	I lost my temper  cursed like a crazy bitch at a driver this morning I hate the person  has turned me into   	anger
	Be truly glad There is wonderful ahead! I Peter 1:6  	joy
	When a solider sticks his head up the wall more than once and gets it blown to pieces every timeDont expect him to do it anytime soon 	fear
	So  Thanks to for keeping me up til 3 in the morning   	joy
	chocolate muffin tasting like plain bread and lacking sugar … 	sadness
	I'm sure the Olympics are going to be great but London is it really necessary to undertake any more rail engineering works?  	anger
	I really hate box stores Just remember my home town being annihilated by Wal Mart 	sadness
	 is an  that one’s  will withdraw into ones abdomen seen only in Malaya and other regions of southern 	fear
	Im so tired Then i got work and a long night tonight 	joy
	Disturbingly enough I've found it faster to use an old feature phone with T-9 for tweeting than a smartphone 	sadness
	Es en noches asi q lo unico q quiero es hablar con una amigaaaa y nadie quiere nadie atiende lo q sea Me fui a ver awkward :( 	sadness
	I swear the most homosexual thing I have ever seen is brown guys taking pictures in their bathroom mirrors x 	disgust
	For some reason naps make my eyes swell up I gotta fight the urge to nap now :( 	sadness
	To Twitter  Facebook Police- Santa Clause isn't real some people think cucumbers taste better pickled  OJ did that shit 	surprise
	A  woman worth tha is definatly worth tha  	anger
	The day when these washed up broads start living their own lives and stop TRYIN follow the steps of others maybe they will have 	joy
	That awkard moment when you get a text message from the girl that is talking to the boy that broke your heart! 	sadness
	Muziekje op en knutselen maar! Blijf wel half online hoor zal alleen heel laat reageren! 	surprise
	i'm going to show up to grad in a bear suit 	surprise
	Lian heeft zo  met de dames en ik blijf thuis om samen met de mannen film te kijken en biertjes te drinken	surprise
	You should have the of losing one's softness in the heart and its hardening	fear
	u are one feisty angry little asian tonight aren't you    RAWRRRR	anger
	:o No more  music? I've been waiting soooo long lolol thought he would never go away :)	joy
	So excited to give  their present for Christmas   	surprise
	I saw Team Rafia's GISHWHES notification from The Island and a part of me died   	sadness
	I'm not actually writing a physics exam today 	fear
	More blood tests done Something is either failing or we've gotten some bad blood work aka They don't know 	joy
	enjoyed church service today!!!!well hav dis for all  ma frendsGOD n not humancos GOD is real n powerful!!:)	fear
	girls that wear no underwear with there clothes me	disgust
	I remember you this feeling isn't new& please don't be scared of me 	fear
	its not rape surprise and yelled that shit mf  hahha	surprise
	not completely play but still works	surprise
	you're not coming to Italy for a live concert are you? 	sadness
	I love Christmas time!!!   	joy
	that cheese and onion pasty did me no favours either i feel slightly ill and i'm on a bus 	joy
	Don't feel good and I got a math test 	sadness
	5 stages of  Grief: F*ck you NBC and your f*cking hiatus You're the worst 	anger
	yesterday was actually a really good day 	surprise
	mine was suppose to go up at weekend but dad was at work so secretly put them up for when he got home Haha 	surprise
	euh de grap van een flashmob is is dat je als argeloze passant niet weet dat er een flashmob op komst is 	surprise
	It's 8 o'clock and I lost my gum I am pissed 	anger
	Snel eten maken dan vanmiddag maar eens maken met de kids voor school School houdt je zo wel bezig! Wat zullen we eens bedenken?	surprise
	If nobody makes plans by tomorrow morning I'm gonna finally watch all those SVU episodes crowding my DVR   	sadness
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	SheWomen share on of public speaking Kathryn's grp fear people won't be interested fear being centre of attn	fear
	I've got something out of the freezer for tea Not actually sure what it is though as I can't remember 	surprise
	Le regard de Jimmy Wales fondateur de  me fait tellement flipper  J'ose même pas aller voir la page de Danièle  	fear
	my problem is your rudeness mate 	disgust
	TRUE Youre going to be all fat tomorrow RT HanaBananaz: Gonna be in the library ALL fat tomorrow ____ 	joy
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	u dont wanna lose to MUSA is that what it isscared money dont make no moneyCash	fear
	Football on the Tele and a nice cold beer can't think any better way of spending a Monday night 	joy
	good morning world! 	joy
	and if my tears hold value then i would drop one for every single thing he showed us 	fear
	Christmas shopping make me so happy! 	joy
	If I see the word swag one more time on this sodding live feed I'll fucking nut the perpetrator where the swag don't shine! 	anger
	he has literally been sleeping almost the entire day put  because hes sick :( 	sadness
	Yeah nice punt 	sadness
	Sitting in my room eating cool whip :pgoing to see the fan later 	joy
	My mama think I'm coming home tomorrow :)	surprise
	My mom is decorating the whole inside of the house today 	joy
	Cold night and tomorrows high is 32  	joy
	nonstop Christmas music at work 	joy
	Immense  to the FBCV Deaconess Ministry for hosting a very successful open house for the benefit of our  in  	joy
	Birthday gifts from kids: Chewbacca bobblehead Nerf Thor hammer book about Rin Tin Tin 	joy
	Break! What do you appreciate most in your life? Sit with your gratitude for a few moments 	joy
	Hanging out with a friend I thought died Hmm 	surprise
	I'm noticing a pattern And I don't understand it 	joy
	Snoopy! Spiderman! Buzz Lightyear! Bands! Singers! SANTA! Let the games begin! Happy Thanksgiving All!  	joy
	You know when you're running for the tube and someone is walking super-slow and they need to get on too? 	anger
	Finally winding down at home after a great night of wrestling at 	fear
	omg but wait my mom got done early so shes coming to get us NOW 	surprise
	I  was always afraid I'd end up like Jody from Baby Boy  I don't mean bald  black	fear
	Awes don't be homesick hun! 	sadness
	  hope you have a lovely day and enjoy your 	surprise
	The hurt you feel when you see the hurt in someone else's eyes  	sadness
	Oohh who who lol QT filiningo: i swear i've never been this happy in my entire lifelove the feeling she gives me	joy
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Personal Finance makes me want to kill every adorable thing that has ever lived 	anger
	the 2 greatest band of all times creators of all heavy rock and roll!! Satisfaction is the 2nd best song of all time 	anger
	i'm getting you the same thing you got me on my birthday nothing not even a cake 	surprise
	New stuff makes me happy but I hate saying goodbye to my money 	sadness
	I have not been attack by a vanish egg	surprise
	Security guard botched hard 	fear
	wat een talent! Daar is jouw paardenmeisje vast heel blij mee! 	surprise
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	I dropped my phone trying to tickle tyler and the battery popped out 	joy
	Ive got a  n this that makes me very angry! I dnt know wats wrong wit me! I get angry nd moody 4 no reason! i need help!	anger
	Doing contracting homework for event management with my dad He actually knows a lot of stuff  	surprise
	Nu het eten voorbereiden voor party van mijn paps  ! Vandaag zijn laatste dag! 	surprise
	Die bal zit al bijna vol 	surprise
	Oh no Budget troubles have killed this year's San Jose holiday parade Such a fun tradition 	sadness
	i cant eat cause  i got to make weight  	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	5 hour choir practice? No but really?  	sadness
	my parents wouldn't let me throw out an A-Z of London that was 30 years old   	anger
	I agree in most part Cliona there is a part of my life that is filled with huge Which I genuinely try to fill with love!	sadness
	me  mm maybe in next year go to japan :D meet me  RT Seraphinne: So when are we going to meet this Japanese man? :P 	joy
	Gym seems to be calling me once again too many people getting on my nerves!  mixed with 	anger
	Just found some money hiding in my purse   ?!?	joy
	Almost time to go sit on my ass at practice! 	joy
	Brother is leaving with my cutest niece ever 	sadness
	So I have a hectic ass day n a few hours yet I can't sleep-__- 	joy
	hahahah yes jeff said he left those behind for you  there was half a sausage too but we trashed it 	surprise
	UH OH GONNA VISIT MY BARBER!!! BEEN WHAT MONTH AND A HALF NOT DOIN THE DEW 	surprise
	I don't know if this is a final but I am taking a test today I should start paying a little more attention	surprise
	Sometimes it takes to know  noise to   and absence to value  ~ Unknown  	sadness
	My grandma was doing a lot of laughing last night !!! My granddaddy must have touched her wet spot 	disgust
	Currently eating the worse oatmeal ever 	sadness
	 for giving me high final project scores Now to get A's on all my finals right  	fear
	Why won't my  make the cute tweet sound when I get tweets?! It is set to tweet mode! 	anger
	Min tey lesa tweets di mas cu un ora bieuw paso un par di hnd ta pp di  y min wake e episode ainda 	sadness
	what a great last night was so great! We've gotta do it again real soon! :) 	surprise
	holly moley I can't remember the last time!! 	sadness
	All My old Friends think igot A new Crowd' N people Seem to NoticE EverytimE I do Smilee ! 	fear
	 A Lot Of People Think I'm Mixed Or White But I'm 100%  (: 	surprise
	im telling you we need to randomly show up at someones house and be like we decided to come over	surprise
	Someone told me earlier brody jenner is too good for the Kardashians	anger
	A Winged Victory For The Sullen is soundchecking They have a string section and two screens with visuals  	surprise
	ugh Yes :( Lockhart and I got a big group hug from everyone at the end of the refresher :(((	sadness
	Tomorrow will be fulfilled 3 months that my aunt died and I feel terrible 	sadness
	I'm speaking of one specific person who has made me rethink so much about KYA  	anger
	School = Sickness Pre-shifting weeks = Epidemic Shifting week = Pandemic 	sadness
	So much food  So many wonderful guys in my life  So many friends such good times  more muppets than you believe  	joy
	Ambulophobia-Fear of walkingKathisophobia-Fear of sitting downGymnophobia-Fear of nudityCaligynephobia-Fear of beautiful women! Lol 	fear
	Ha! Maybe that's the good news they have for the artist 	surprise
	Finals are over! So glad for a little school break 	joy
	Don't let grab your tongue nor let it confine  your   is too short to live an   ~milla	fear
	unfortunately no too long of a drive for just the day :(	sadness
	My paper is finally done Now I can study for my other final that I don't even know what's going to be on it 	sadness
	M'n zusje flanst even een dag van tevoren een prachtig boek in mekaar Wauw (: 	surprise
	Singing Someone like you in a car in the rain with meganconnell1 What is this an ABC family movie?  	sadness
	Why am I not doing what I know I'm more than capable of doing?  time to switch that up!	fear
	Fair enough tbh I don't really run shit	surprise
	ah thanks lady! but unfortunately i already have my homework command station set up here 	sadness
	Haha im so mad at this chick and her weave is all over my laptop    	anger
	just realized I have an exam tomorrow in my stars and galaxies class 	surprise
	Happy birthday and zach_lay! I'm glad I got to see you both I hope y'all had an awesome day!  	surprise
	Just realized that its going to be like 10 months before I'm back at WillyBUSC!! (Not including the spring game) 	sadness
	Great! A geometry testt right before the break 	joy
	I'll move on baby just like you when the desert floods and the grass turns blue 	sadness
	I KNOW!!!! I me a dirty fuck!!! I never got my chance to have him and together mmm mmm mmm 	sadness
	I actually do get to do s send today but it's Comcast New England Sports Net meaning all Boston sports 	joy
	Netball tournament was good Bloody ref giving me contact for something I didn't do! 	anger
	Pure indulgence Husband and I snuggled after a long soak Glasses of wine and long lazy afternoons at christmas!	joy
	Emory makes a nigga wanna commit mass murder sometimes 	sadness
	Oh Twitter es terrible !! Los TT de hoy es de lo que he estado hablando en todo el dia 	fear
	Didn't get a good morning text 	sadness
	Hmmm i'm so extra about coffee it just has to be a certain kind and made in a certain way man i miss my espresso machine!! 	anger
	the people i tried to escape from on facebook are now on twitter 	joy
	Going to go to the coin laundry tomorrow - hope I don't leave anything behind nor ruin anything 	fear
	Missed Chuck tonight I feel like I might cry The final season of the greatest show in the world 	sadness
	Work in the snow tomorrow 	joy
	if we really have a 2hour delay ill cry 	joy
	No Booster Juice on campus 	sadness
	defo miss it now that i dont live in rathgar anymore! kept them in business when they opened! :o) 	sadness
	Opps  I just reread your question  She does know the gender but she hasn't told anyone yet 	surprise
	S/O to my favorite friend in the whole wide world!! :))) But she doesn't talk to me enough and we never hang out! :((( 	sadness
	Excuse me teller at the bank sorry I didnt have a deposit slip and that you had to do your job so dont be rude My dad is your boss 	surprise
	Who shows someone on their Christmas list their Christmas list?   	surprise
	Gay marriage isn't legal yet and I found out my ex is already engaged  	sadness
	First snowfall This is when retard drivers comer out 	joy
	if you're getting your information from a website not run by the gov't or 1 of 6 approved corporations you probably the wrong people	fear
	I decree and declare the has NO authority over your life In Jesus Name Amen	fear
	Potentially getting flashed in Subway by an old woman with is a 	surprise
	dear jpii students be ready for a week of tests and quizzes over stuff you barely covered 	surprise
	I want tater totscampus does not make tater tots 	sadness
	I miss Mitch Ahhh can't stand being without my best friend ): 	sadness
	GiGi_LaFleur: RT Mallibaybee: So what's the point of being a twitter model ?? Showing that ass for free-- for follows Lol----	sadness
	need to fall asleep fast before starts her rampage of snoring 	joy
	will come but always  for the lives of the unforgiving remain stagnant Try it and see  answer your 	anger
	Saying a speech in and you will make the best speech you regret	anger
	Good news:  leak is not the dishwasher  Bad news: probably a pipe that will require drywall removal to attack  	sadness
	What The Fuck So ready for this semester to be over 	anger
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	this movies disgusting why the fuck am I even watching it lmfao how to eat fried worms 	disgust
	is a giant sitting on your chest who won't get off until you stop being a wuss  	fear
	I have no fear for fear is the little death that kills me over and over Without fear I die but once 	fear
	dear  pls watch the  game tonight  stare every Caps players like the time u froze your food by just staring 	fear
	If you plan on knocking me down you are going to have to pick all 500000 plus readers of my poetry back up FOLLOW Thx	joy
	Righteous never BLOWS UP or CLAMS UP It surveys the situation  obeys GOD in spite of satanic aggravation	anger
	Yeah just bout evry crew im in someone ALWAYS fall in love wit us RT    	fear
	Yep some pretty crappy feelings have reared their heads   Try  sleep those guys away 	sadness
	wow your girlfriend is pretty   	surprise
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	Celebrating your Birthday  droppin a new album? Livin life w/mad style ) Happy Birthday!! Xoxo  	joy
	Children that don't talk are scary when sick What's this rash now? And was that what the nightlong crying was about?  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  beautiful words by Rev Run!!!!	fear
	haha nope you'll see tommorow but i'm not wearing the trousers because there rubbish so i've gone for jeans!	surprise
	Was really really really really looking forward to hanging out with someone special todaythen I realised it was tomorrow 	sadness
	What portion of your actions are like John the baptist? Saying look! Jesus! 	joy
	Sleep deprivedthe cram to get everything done for finals next week starts now 	joy
	bArab Quran tnyt beda dg bArab sehari2 Bacaan saya saja masih lebih bagus daripada si imam Arab tadi :) 	surprise
	That lovely feeing when you cross lanes without hitting a single Cat's eye 	joy
	I wish I had wings that way I could fly away from this world 	sadness
	Weer thuis van een goede en leuke kennismakingsgesprek FortecEindhoven Nu verder met en 	surprise
	Sudden realisation that I leave school in 5 months What happened to time? 	sadness
	Get all the way to dyfatty  only THEN do I get a tx that the kids not in school today Niceeee oneeee! Have to drive through town now 	joy
	Confirmed  fails to load texture properly on a Macbook Air with Intel GPU Runs fine on AMD Radeon Desktop 	sadness
	True! Wawa naman yung mga dinadamay nila sa Tuna coupling na yan tsk tsk :(( 	sadness
	Bout to be up all night doing homework 	joy
	Why the hell do people think they are invisible when they pick their noses in the car? 	disgust
	two days ago I rode in short sleeves tonight I rode in under armour and a northface 	sadness
	clouds ur judgement in    matters confront it  don't avoid it	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	good work so glad everything worked out for 	surprise
	Since you've all been good this year the 2012 coords and bringing holiday cheer!  Don't forget to check your email 	surprise
	eh lo so perché è fidanzato con un'altra donna tra l'altro mezza italiana 	sadness
	Relationships end because once the person has you they stop doing the things it took to get you 	sadness
	A part ça mon ex a la même coupe de cheveux que Justin Bieber Et un BOUC 	sadness
	Tyler Seguin (Boston) Ryan Nugent-Hopkins (Edmonton) and Jeff Skinner (Carolina) will not be made available for world juniors 	surprise
	Checked yesterday with Ikea Homebush 2C if they had stock they did Drove out today only to be told cant sell due to quality control 	anger
	HA! Dig me some Panther trickery! Live Cam's casual jaunt before he took off 	joy
	Party cut short We felt like baba was passing judgement on us  	sadness
	Today we start staying open until 10pm It was nice knowing my children 	sadness
	I have a meeting with my boss' boss in an hour 	joy
	So I am flying home right now and my mom has nooo idea! 	surprise
	Every day is like a game call it factor	fear
	EVERYDAY IS A GAME CALL IT FACTOR	fear
	Cindy Crybaby oops I mean   to miss the next 2 games? 	surprise
	Will I get to 4OO by the end of the night !? (: RT MY TWEETS FOR SHOUT Outs!(:   !(:3 	surprise
	Why Breaking Dawn was an even bigger disappointment than expected: Ay jen ay jen di mo nakita si taylor na nakahubad :( -Karisse 	sadness
	I had to retire the picture of Michael Emerson doing that weird amazing expression 	sadness
	That akward moment when you think someone's facebook status or tweet is about youbut it's not 	surprise
	Sometimes I prefer not to talk about itI'm not a liar or a fraud sometimes people make me feel afraid to say everything  	fear
	It's such a cock tease to win the heisman and listen to less than impressive speakers	sadness
	Check out the 12 Days of Christmas app and receive a gift from iTunes every day from 26 December to 6 January  	surprise
	had a half day of school today and again tomorrow but not going instead having to go to the dr again! for my back	joy
	Red hair is amazing but it fades so fast 	sadness
	I hate trucks I hate truckers Omg I hate trucks 	fear
	Im addicted to getting testedmy doc tired of seeing me And I dont even get sex like I would want it 	fear
	si infatti è così io invece voglio sempre crederci ogni volta ma tanto è inutile 	sadness
	Our maid is giving me a hard time She keeps flipping my comforter upside down every time I flip it around!  	anger
	je savais qu avec les massai il y a tjrs une  pour les 	surprise
	People want everything to change whilst wanting everything to stay the same  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I need to get off Twitter for now or my furry tail may get bitten off by the office dog Sending u   	joy
	It's hard when you something you have to do! Just because you don't feel like you're ready Am I ready to ???	fear
	Mid wants to go Christmas shopping with me! Holy sh*t! Must take advantage of this opportunity  	surprise
	I feel like I want to watch When Harry Met Sally  eat some Jimmy Johns Probably going to watch the movie but not eat the food 	sadness
	Fear Anyone can win their fears Fear is there to bully you around Don't let it! Darkness can't ever devour light   	fear
	Listening to old preppies discussing a bridge club 	joy
	to the stoners have you ever burped whilst taking a hit on a pipe lmao 	surprise
	Algebra 2 Spanish project and Us history studying still left to do 	joy
	My workstation is DOA LinkedIn asked Miss your old boss? and I smashed my computer screen I really should work on that 	anger
	Home alone for the first time since summer 	joy
	Looking through old Facebook photos I noticed circa late spring 2009 aka graduation that my eyes were bugged out  	fear
	In 12 hours ill be watching the season finale of  	sadness
	Jeg har et skjult talent som forfatter Det ante jeg ikke 	surprise
	Ms Linda dont know im coming either  even though we hate surprises i love her	surprise
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	How hard is it convince parents to not throw away my pet ?? :(	anger
	Phone tag with cherie 	joy
	Cant wait until the mail comes tomorrow knows	surprise
	I love finding things I never even knew I had with the tags still on it   !	surprise
	72 mancano solo 6 mesi alla prossima estate YAAAAY questo significa che mancano solo 6 mesi al mio esame 	sadness
	follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves-Buddha 	joy
	Jeff's gonna be on Whose Line tonight and I'M GOING TO MISS IT!!! AGH! :( 	sadness
	Een sintcadeautje van in de bus ik heb er maar één woord voor WOWWW!!  	surprise
	so i guess ur ditching me on the hole idea to go to terre haute? 	surprise
	legomo: El hightlight del fin de semana fue el clavado de en la piscina de //jajajajaja staba p'grabarlo	joy
	J'ai un pote qui a une coque Steve Jobs pour son iPhone 	fear
	Big day of school ahead of me it's that group presentation time of the year 	joy
	Eigenlijk logisch dat de lijmpogingen erg moeizaam gaan het wordt een Ajax-shirt  	surprise
	Hearing my 4 and 1 yr old whispering and giggling in bed in the morning trying to be quitepure 	joy
	Lol that nasty bitch reminds me of Bobby's ex girlfriend  hoodrat 	disgust
	Holy shit that was a good show I'll miss you shaneshane  NYC is lucky to have you  	sadness
	De  sneldicht Piet: Morgen van 16:00-21:00 uur zit  daar klaar en maakt al uw dichtwensen klaar!   	surprise
	this is upsetting haha you're suppose to say it to help you calm down so that you don't act or respond in 	anger
	i wanna fucking go back to park  	sadness
	I hate going to sleep now Dreaming is no longer a wonderful experience I wake up in tears 	sadness
	 Drummer Boy bij op verzoek van  : welke uitvoering van wie?	surprise
	Grocery shopping while listening to jesusculture's latest project just inspired an impromptu dance party in   	joy
	Okee weet iemandd een leuk cadeautje voor een jongen van 14?  	surprise
	I want cake I bet we don't have any 	sadness
	I give up I'm going to bed Hopefully the 106 other components install by the time I wake uppp :(  	sadness
	quand certains twittos mettent leurs vraie photo en  tu ne les vois plus comme avant 	surprise
	for the first time since i can remember i will not be participating in the family tradition can this injury be more inconvenient? 	sadness
	OK I'm watching Turning point and they are feature Jets and Bills  	anger
	one test left at 8am tomorrow and then goodbye mankato forever :'( 	sadness
	exactly but the good thing is they found this sick fuck would you believe it was the girls own BROTHER 	disgust
	Mrs Carole at Baptist Physical Therapy you're too nice Thanks for the Chick Fil A!   	surprise
	Antoine Carr man those were the days RT NepeanTX: Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	i knw oomf mad att me smh ugh  wea tf dese muthafckas att i wake up mad all thss smgdh	anger
	GoDaddy's database feature is so broken   	anger
	bro i like this allot im wearing one of mine to our xmas meal and nobody knows! 	surprise
	Busy day of pub lunching and then a birthday party for a 2 yr old! 1st part I'm looking forward to2nd part not so much!! 	joy
	its 4am and I'm wide awake Sore throat  lots of water :(	joy
	factor is coming back on Monday wahooo I love that show	fear
	That moment of pure when you stick your hand under your desk  you touched someone else’s old gum	disgust
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	As long as you don't give in to that sickness can't kill you 	fear
	Nog even klaar maken en dan Sinterklaasje bij opa en oma :) 	surprise
	‎​[ ♥2011♥ ] you give me a lot of things that I can't   [ ♥2012♥ ] me	surprise
	The Cloud just asked me lotza personal questions re: myself Been avoiding upgrades awhile due 2this   	fear
	I hate falling asleep with someone and when I wake up their not there 	sadness
	Commence week of stressing headaches nearly throwing up not eating or sleeping 	joy
	Pple who jump to conclusions or make assumptions me all that can be avoided by simply ASKING questions	disgust
	 Is The Friend That Wants You AroundIs The Enemy That Wants To Keep You DownChoose to be !!!! :-)	sadness
	Hope you can make it up soon! RT Silently dying while Twitter explodes with posts of and  	sadness
	The worst part of my day is when i find my ice cream bowl is empty 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Ohh! A horsey hore! In the middle of no where hahah hills! Sand! Im on Saltillo Coahuila yippiie! And just got my laser cirgury 	sadness
	Such a pointless day at college just ate mcdonalds now for fitness 	joy
	En plus y'a un type complètement bourré devant moi qui ralentit au fur et à mesure que j'avance 	fear
	At The Meat Market  Poor Cows And Pigs	sadness
	i cant wait for the future though ive been wishing for some things but now im used to those  	fear
	Saw in The Muppets Two weeks ago in that same theater/seat I watched him attempt to have his way with a dancer in  	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I look at her pictures every night I miss her so much Why did I do this 	sadness
	Glad schools out! But want to a have d-high game 	sadness
	I've been pregnant you guys the entire time we've known eachother  	surprise
	Prepping muffin ingredients with son for his foods class tomorrow =  ! He's such a !	joy
	are you practicing for your birthday flash mob? 	surprise
	vdepressing aint it mate I especially like standing up all the way home 	joy
	Oh me tooand working out RT meeemmss: Studying for my ACT on a friday night Funnnnn	joy
	Plus de place pour Le Lac des cygnes cc clairesentences	sadness
	Actually learned something today in class 	surprise
	it's true! I'm full of joy because of the freedom I have in Christ!!   	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	saw a fat one body suit right down to the draws smh 	sadness
	Smh working on reviews allll day loll	joy
	I don't know was worse my  or my actions after my kicks in	anger
	Why am I still at work Ohhh I know bc producing TV commercials is more important than life 	anger
	haha! The element of like it They'll love it lol where's the meal at?	surprise
	The occupation of Piazzale Loreto (a major square) has begun I had no idea this was planned 	joy
	there's always the one avid photographer at parties determined not to be in the shots 	fear
	&  Add those three things up and you have a symptom called  u wanna learn [:	fear
	Staying  at the school till 9 tonight 	joy
	gonna be at school from 8am till 10pm tomorrow	joy
	Hyvee playing christmas music already? Well Atleast its after thanksgiving 	joy
	Arrg Handball can really make my blood boil with fury! 	anger
	 missing nugget night but thanksgiving dinner is a solid replacement&  	sadness
	My last is  im scared of the dark  ctfuu I have night light in my room :/	fear
	Poor Jimmie Copper Doesn't know how to tweet 	sadness
	I love telling people I have a degree 	surprise
	ew this is an awful feeling that I never want to feel again why do some people feel like this everyday 	anger
	Finally homenow off to the funeral 	sadness
	The redd holiday cups at starbucks make me so happy:) (its the small things that tend to make me smile) winter+christmas! 	joy
	will love me in about ten minutes! 	surprise
	The of t/LORD is t/beginning of  all who  his precepts hv good understanding 2him belong  ~Ps111:10	fear
	My roommates hate me They took away my nap I am always kind and this is what happens This is detrimental to my day  	anger
	Wow showed up to homeroom today and he's being a total douchebag 	surprise
	Am even angry oh!RT Namteerah: Bluepearlie: Why pretend we r coolwen all you do is ignore me	anger
	When someone asks me to take over a case I don't go back and double check the work I trust they did it right Trust people! 	surprise
	Well I work today after school 	joy
	yeah i'm crazy and ugly :'( 	sadness
	yeah that ain't good mate I feel like I'm gonna shit myself any second 	fear
	is leaving his  behind and gettin a trim just in time for my birthday 	joy
	WHAT!? i have wait till next week? 	sadness
	  did succeed with pizza rolls last night 	surprise
	Getting a trim on Friday Which actually means I'm losing 7 inches of hair on Friday 	sadness
	pastrami biscuit is the best thing since oh my god 	joy
	 is when my Bff moved to another country  I cried till i couldn't cry anymore	sadness
	Didn't have time to watch this weekend 	sadness
	Adventurous night with and to visit in troy! 	surprise
	What if the town through a gingerbread party and no one showed up?  I mean it's 60 degrees what if no one comes to our storytimes! 	fear
	RICOakaBaBy: Jus leaving work 9:59:16 PM  	sadness
	So angry about the gambling bill being passed in Massachusetts This state is becoming so trashy  	anger
	I cant control my once im mad its hard for me to cool off	anger
	Watching 20/20's exposé on how children in foster care are being inundated with psychotropic drugs Damn not the babies  	anger
	Someone rear-ended my car this morning Okay not my ACTUAL car but a silver Acura TSX 	sadness
	Stubbing one's toe produces a disproportionate amount of pain relative to the size of the body part being injured	anger
	Oo the other week our History group sat in a court case with child abuse The mother got 6 years  the boyfriend got 4 and a half 	disgust
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  CARPE DIEM	fear
	That awkward moment when your horoscope says that Your kids will have a wondrous day  ??	surprise
	If anyone wants to make me REALLY happy buy me some candycane hershey's kisses on monday! (:  	surprise
	Lol i swear dis bitch face juss me	disgust
	Good God  me nd oomf can't hold a conversation for shit anymore lols 	sadness
	Experiencing all stages of grief this finals week     	anger
	Woah not annoyed much!   Some people just never change!	anger
	I feel like I'm losing my voice 	joy
	 might just be my all-time favorite game show! What an awesome concept!  LOVE!!!	joy
	Ça me manque de ne pas mettre mon doigt dans les narines de mon frere et de cramer les cheveux de mon colombinus d'amour ! 	sadness
	not the end of the world isn't until next week 	fear
	my man coming out with new show next year on fx  management 	anger
	Thank you MaraTons of beautiful blessings to you as wellIts such a pleasure to have amazing people such as yourself	joy
	I am feeling something take over I dont wanna talk to anybody or do anything im watching TV 	sadness
	just took a test to see if i could move to canada   	sadness
	Use to throw them into disarray-Master Sun 	anger
	The highlight of my day was ringing the winners of our raffle A good start to the week  	surprise
	I haven't listened to I Remember Me in full in a minute 	surprise
	Just cooked a world class meal Surprused my sister she didn't know I was a chef in disguise:)  	surprise
	Another Saturday another oxford street shopping session 	joy
	i just finish painting nd did a lil something wit the left overs i left  a in  back yard	surprise
	Lmao wht I just heardthis chick iS so intimidated by me and I'm not in the picture! 	sadness
	Just recounting our 80s Ponsonby gentrified bungalow student existence complete with a black finned 1960s black Zephyr 6 Mark III :D 	joy
	Dead!!! RT 1st_ClassAct: My grandmother won't let me step foot in the kitchen 	sadness
	Long day shopping! Saw Cambon St Chanel store an many more! Ate bread drank wine Hung out at sidewalk cafes went to street markets 	joy
	I'm not doing anything till about 4 or 5 so if you want to hang yeah Not going to the CVILLE game anymore GO WILDCATS!	sadness
	I am fucking extremely full!! 	joy
	Thinking of all my babies today Wish I could hold the ones I lost and hear their voices 	sadness
	Ah!! I LOVE man deodorant! I didn't know other girls did too :') RT Loislikewoahhh: Man deodorant 	joy
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	I feel some kinda way about you iggin my nostalgia tweet :(	sadness
	The only reason I am here is bc I have to give a speech  take a test 	joy
	Laughter    SANTA  THE LITTLE TEDDY BEAR  A   on    	joy
	ik heb ook miss 5 pakken chocola thuis en 2kg pepernoten maar ik mag er nieet aan zitten xD --	surprise
	There's a house driving in front of me 	joy
	My ipod is missing and I'm having serious separation anxiety :( 	sadness
	Oh god My timeline is gonna blow up now just cause Demi sang with Kelly Clarkson -_-	joy
	 false evidence that appears real	fear
	Happiness is always created within the mind You can feel happy anytime anywhere doing anything by focusing on happy thoughts!  	joy
	maken met kind Tip 3: Teken meet knip vouw zaag en plak kort voor bedtijd Kind slaapt daarna als een roosje 	surprise
	Modern conceptions of love disgust me     	disgust
	My racing thoughts are keeping me awake =[ 	sadness
	Is ze jarig? Doe een strik om je lul en bel bij dr aan 	surprise
	☼ HAPPY THANKSGIVING to ALL of YOU! ☼ Continue to share YOUR Light! ☼   	joy
	I love the looks I get from ppl when 'Akinyele Put it in my mouth' comes blasting outta my headphones 	disgust
	I have to agree with them is control My life hasn't changed at all In fact I've had 3 pay rises this year :-)	fear
	Watching the football state championship ): should be us	sadness
	Great Just noticed I have a spider bite on my face Yay 	joy
	Professor just had pizza delivered to night class 	surprise
	i was going back to brownthat didn't happen! ) 	surprise
	and she wasn't making an obvious joke! Just wish these nannying fuckers would fuck off frankly 	anger
	headed to meridian to watch dad race 	joy
	About to have soccer tryouts in zero degree weather 	joy
	Hard as hell to have when you are tapped into True Knowledge of Self  are driven by the God within you	fear
	remember our troops are fighting for freedom and democracy so you only need to our enemies there's nothing behind the curtain	fear
	Google maps street view muestra una clinica de proctologia en la direccion que me dieron para una fiesta Creo que no ire 	fear
	what a great day! sepanjang perjalanan ke office diem dieman   oke jabanin sampe kapan bisa diemin gue !!	anger
	I can't think of a single thing I really want for Christmas	sadness
	whoop whoop *dances on boardroom table* RT toure_htz: Tah Tah EL c u soon Cape Town here I come ☺ 	joy
	Resting After getting fustrated at fight night champion so i Locked It off quick b4 losin it 	anger
	Zo hè! Zelf gefreubeld? Petje af! U bent een ware Freubelkoningin -) 	surprise
	Just watching the Jeremy Kyle show its brilliant but I think Gordon Ramsey would be better   	anger
	So dois  pra vc sem mais ! bis engordaa ta ruM  um por ano e pronto :)	joy
	just made fruit brownie pizza stuff :) put it in the oven with the turkey too  !!	surprise
	sells but only-buyers remorse-Don't buy anything thats sold by fear except maybe a good horror flick! Choose Love  Trust-not fear	fear
	today is a day of thanks and giving  So in honor I give thanks to you your family and Blake   	joy
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions 	fear
	Is big time rush actually doing GOOD? Wow 	surprise
	Im scared  disappointed to find out that you tweet  drive :/ 	sadness
	Morning breath and I haven't been to sleep 	disgust
	! RT _DynastyP:  Kiss more than one person in the mouth -____-	disgust
	Just realized in math class with genius from highschool I now don't feel so bad about failing 	surprise
	Who do you think you are begging MH to contact u or  you'll hurt yourself You're still here  she didn't tweet you 	surprise
	I constantly worry i can hear intruders at night   	fear
	How can you not be happy while listening to third days christmas album 	joy
	I thought the hashtag was Christmas Vacation and I was hoping a funny photo of Clark Griswold 	sadness
	what? You left without saying good bye? 	sadness
	Matt Moore knew what was gonna happen to him if he tried to get that ball from D-Ware 	fear
	Females who give it up on the first night are dirty!! ~~ yall gotta have more respect for yaself man!!	disgust
	Put more fun and joy in your life! Your children will thank you!  	joy
	With the assistance of the kind men at Quantrell's we were able to open and close the hood Fender located Now LFUCG give me names 	joy
	It's the day after Thanksgiving so of course we're taking down the Fall decorations outside and putting up Christmas decorations 	joy
	Getting another fever so in 30 mins ill be crying and freezing to death 	joy
	Sound system for a wedding 	joy
	 out loud it helps cleanse your mind    	sadness
	Sindsyg afslutning i Getafe Stolpen redder alle pointene til Getafe og nu ligner det allerede et mesterskab til Real  	surprise
	Gotta take a customer out for dinner tonight 	joy
	we were they separated us at birth so we wouldnt take over the music world at age 8 	surprise
	my poor little puppy huwt his leg ): 	sadness
	Nog heel hard bezig om de laatste dingen te regelen voor vanavond    !!!!	surprise
	Oh my god the bus driver misses my stop then spits his way through a conversation moaning at me Speak english you slavering twat 	anger
	It is in NO way about stomach cramps! Feeling of pure with my stomach	disgust
	“TheWrightWingv2: Are you pretending commies arent real comrade? Really?” Oh yeah Them  the gays R trying to take over!! 	fear
	at this point I'm just looking for friends in general   	sadness
	That depressing moment when you lose a follower 	sadness
	Untangling the solar Christmas lights to put up! 	joy
	Sometimes pictures aren't the mirror of reality ! 	surprise
	We offer more than  recovery programs - Ind  cpl cnslling mgmnt  and  intelligence	anger
	I don't think liked my philosophical 30-second synopsis of The English Patient 	sadness
	Oi This bride on  Big Bliss is in srs denial about her body You can gain inches but not gain pounds TRUFAX 	sadness
	Note to all ya people - Smile and others will smile back to you :) Never underestimate the power of smile :)    :)	joy
	so apparently a 20 piece meal comes with 2 fries and 2 drinks now 	surprise
	I put headphones in my ear so people won't talk to me 	surprise
	For Each A Road For Every Man A Religion Face Everybody And Rule Fuck Everything And Rumble 	fear
	Oh shit I am soooo screwed for this quiz 	surprise
	Currently working on a few things to get ready to push out our next issue Big plans for next year as well :D 	joy
	Worst in the world dropping my  in the TOLIET 	fear
	OHMYGAH YOU  HATERS CAN SUCK A FAT ONE FOR REAL lol hahahaa jp	anger
	The pleasure of turning my alarm off 	joy
	I enjoy our text messaging You make me feel funny  hehe  	joy
	Peeked at my first gift left so generously by my college pal sue Think it's a cozy fleece from fabulously preppy ☃ 	surprise
	K so now im excited for oldwest day on wed Still dont know what Im doing 4 HolidayDay And I need to find some green 4 stoplight day - 	joy
	haha np! that was my first time seeing who was talking about my box bag on twitter~ 	surprise
	I know I don't follow many people back but I do know the feeling you get when someone doesn't follow you 	anger
	RT: danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	How did I not realize that I was sitting behind this beautiful ginger man? Oh fuck he just read my mind and put his hood on 	sadness
	I feel like my bedroom makes me hate life And I don't know why  	sadness
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	nice call out of Malibu Grand Prix It's a school now :( 	sadness
	Why does twitter not include my whole phrase in the hashtag sometimes!? 	anger
	I love when my RA only enforces the quiet hours rule when SHE'S sleeping but when she's having a fucking party its okay 	anger
	 is quite romantic! They will drive 100 miles just to tell you they love you  	surprise
	La collègue qui t'envois un mail l'ennui ça fait faire des folies  	fear
	is a bad asswatch out tweeter world has come of age 	fear
	ohh okay no more booth pizza thingy man ☹ 	sadness
	On popular demand (RadicalJoker) Please release the pole dance video 	surprise
	What the hell has happened to the online LA Times Crossword puzzle? 	sadness
	study sesh for evaaa this week? And me giving you your bday gifts?! Last day of owning godfreys and it's raining 	sadness
	Can't stand helping people and their mouth Mouth smells like ass 	disgust
	The smells of private study rooms never cease to amaze 	surprise
	Celebrating Christmas with tomorrow and probably the last time I will see her this year 	sadness
	Damn made good time to Reseda It's good to be early for the unexpected journey Let's do this 	fear
	indd ik had voor noud ook axe gekocht alleen dan douche 	surprise
	Tuesday night please come rescue me even if for only a few hours rest   	joy
	just made my night What a  awesome 	surprise
	I love it  when I have a big smile on my face for no reason 	joy
	The pole of light outside my window is shaking violently  	fear
	Punching all of y'all in throat would feel great right about now 	anger
	why cant it just be warm out? I miss summer so so so much        :( :( :( :(	sadness
	My Right Hand Has 3 Fingers Able To Work Gunna Release A Hopefully Tomorrow! 	surprise
	not getting an advent calendar because you're a deprived child 	sadness
	I left my  at my cousin's yesterday:( wahhhhh 	sadness
	Playing fifa + drinking white mocha + listening to chill out music = 	joy
	Gonna be a long day Starting it off taking my mom to the doctor 	joy
	really wish that you wouldnt have made me look dumb by saying you were so diff from all other guys but you did	surprise
	I Can't Wait Till Im Able To Drive 	joy
	Wasnt old enough when pac died ima make sure im around when does cuz the list goes on for all the things he showed us 	fear
	Terrible mood and I feel like I'm dying 	joy
	grandmas playing chirstmas music and it makes me want to punch things 	anger
	Anything worth is definitely worth sum 	anger
	is my  sister she'd take care of my fish  don't even like me! 	sadness
	hah thanks Cate!! When I read that I envisioned me walking around and noodles flying at me out of nowhere  	surprise
	right!!! RT D11H:  RT -- ladies with mustaches smh atleast shave them pluck them wax them or some shit 	disgust
	Such a sad day when my first boss and owner of Newberry's one screen theatre dies 	sadness
	So she want these shoes  thing is she know she gonna get em i got increase my element of 	surprise
	Awake at 3am  Thinking about Advent -    are only possible because of the  of Jesus 	joy
	I don't like the boy I talk to mom! 	disgust
	 WOW calm down yo but u right though niggaz kill me on Twitter don't let niggaz steal ur 	joy
	Your Aloe Vera Lip care is just amazing! It's an utter at any timebut especially in the !	joy
	Nearly a year later I'm driving on freeways at rush hour without any fear!!!  I conquered my with ! Feels great!	fear
	Hoy volvera Mery Almudena con mis niños en 	joy
	I feel like we  on leading  lives becuz we're so consumed w/ of  that life becomes about running from it	fear
	This whole Ashton Kutcher divorce thing is really getting to me He's supposed to be a cute dork not a disgusting douche 	surprise
	I would feel obligated if you knew when it happened It's all about the element of 	surprise
	Sink is broken so no  2night: Was going to be lambnow just pbj! 	sadness
	i wish i had time to work out during the week 	sadness
	This is why I don't go to your house Its just a cycle 	sadness
	My days aren't going to be the same until February First no baseball now no more Walking Dead :( UGH     	sadness
	I got two hours of sleep then woke up to  beautiful voice and had to come to work tahickling	surprise
	I'd rather not ruin another friendship so I'll keep my distance 	sadness
	 reminds me of My Mother and I getting ready for our Annually trip to SpringfieldMA for   	joy
	No afternoon nap for me burning my episodes into DVD to prepare for Stu the Hard Drive's reformat :(	sadness
	if you do that you'll miss the surprise tonight! 	surprise
	Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something ~ Smith   	fear
	can't wait till friday! and the mhmmwonder what it is )	surprise
	Operation 24 hours in colorado 	surprise
	 slick do  and once again  i have no time for you childishness 	surprise
	My professor isnt getting this pset and he BETTER accept that shit late im sorry gtfoh im making the fuckin deadlines 	anger
	got a friend request on facebook from my ex this morning 	surprise
	I figured it out!! Yay me! However Grams was totally in the dark! 	surprise
	I swear every night I just creep my timeline till I reach where I left off 	sadness
	Damnwell I guess it rained pretty hard last night too while being windy as hell	surprise
	I'm not gonna be able to finish this movie before I have to leave :( 	sadness
	I Know It Ain't Been The Best But It Surly Ain't Been The Worst 	joy
	now I went and saw Stacy's tweet myself MB she is telling the truth if so wtf? Imma investigate!! 	anger
	That person in class who keeps clicking their pen 	anger
	OMG!!!!!!!!!!! FUCK THAT! CHRISTMAS IS JESUS'S BIRTHDAY!!! NOTHING SHOULD BE OPEN ON THAT DAY! BNEOUWUWO 	anger
	Your  shines when you are confronted with  reject itdeny itmock itcondemn itdemonize the tellerall because of 	fear
	Hey Indiana! Thanks for not staffing the toll booths returning to Ohio I love 20 minute waits to go home 	anger
	Needs to be asleep right now Dang black friday and irritated people 	disgust
	Needed paid TODAY  but alas  my manager isn't fucking in 	surprise
	 smh ! but you juss fell of the face of the earth ! one day i juss never heard from you again 	sadness
	There is danger in traditional paper media calling electronic media (youtube blogger etc) not real  	fear
	A fun-filled day so far- working new car tyre ordered car insurance shopping mobile phone insurance shopping amongst other shizzle 	joy
	working all day tomorrow 	joy
	bout to be a very educatioal weekend for me ACT and hw 	joy
	And why is this white girl talkin like a hood rar? 	disgust
	Huddersfield lost at last Our friend will be delighted as her husband will now shave his terrible beard off now the unbeaten run ended 	joy
	Zerando novamente só que em high details É outro jogo mas realmente mereceu o Game Critics Awards da época	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me In the eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Only thing getting me through this day is mj playing on the radio miss ya! 	surprise
	Sad BSNL Internet out for more than half a day Company now using Docomo 2G Internet :) 	sadness
	Why always day is turning off in that  :(:(:SS :'(	sadness
	It's not shit like watching the one thing you don't want to happen happen And worse than you expected 	sadness
	Lmfao I woke up this morning and woke her up and she started moaning surprise	surprise
	dam man I am mad losing my call of duty skills bro! 	sadness
	 have a great time in Boston seeing   Anyone down for some good music  give  a follow 	surprise
	5 more hours then back to base :] 	joy
	Luisteren naar die presenteert op  vandaag niet via AM maar wel via www  Rebecca StJames	surprise
	I came that you may have  enjoy life  have it in abundance until it overflows!♬☺ -John 10:10	joy
	Days don't get much better than days like today  	joy
	En toen moest mathijs nog een 	surprise
	gonna be the big 2-0 not that sweet little girl that used to make me buy her dunkins every morning 	sadness
	Dear  we wish you good morning beautiful day and amazing night! May it be filled with   Kisses from Bosnia	joy
	Zo nog ff de laatste loodjes voor en  Dat wordt morgen weer lachen met t team	surprise
	your personality is dead you look dead too 	sadness
	Weekend was top! Surprise inkopen zijn ook binnen!  Nu lekker slapen!	surprise
	It's funny how people think a peppermint mocha from  is seasonal you can get it year round 	surprise
	Missing my flat tummy ): its always super flat in the morning and then in the evening its like hugee :/ 	sadness
	I lost my tanning goggles:( 	sadness
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me please don't be scared of me 	fear
	okay! Obviously my obesity is getting out of hand but after christmas I will be eating salad every night :) 	joy
	going through albums and finding pictures of your ex and demolishing that shit  	anger
	Just went through all my photos from Europe!! can't wait to share!! It was such an amazing experience!! 	joy
	That depressing moment when you realize that today is in fact not Thursday 	sadness
	To manipulate  one must master his own   Cuz it   makes us decide   	fear
	My day off I have a dentist appointment 	joy
	Nothing in life is to be feared & is only to be understood no man	fear
	The terrifying moment when you can't find your headphones 	fear
	Je fais des rencontres Magnifiques Mais j'espère ne pas les quitter sur des mots Pathétiques  My 	fear
	nous aussi! ) C'est maintenant confirmé! Nous aurons toute une activité pour la Nuit Blanche de MTLenLumiere! 	surprise
	5 minutes till pizza express pizza is cooked 	fear
	A woman wit dum is deff worth sum 	anger
	Best thing about this recent wedding here has been all the Koreans I know asking me when I'm gonna marry my girlfriend  	joy
	Wondering what is waiting for me tomorrow  LOLXD	surprise
	the TIMING was premeditatively explosive- 2say otherwise would b to accuse them of criminal stupidiy-  	anger
	I think Charlie should compete in the dog show next year   !	surprise
	we can't stop here this is DRONE country! 	fear
	woooowww sounds awesome for you sister!! 'D  And yup I'm that type of persons that you were about to say x'D 	surprise
	It's the love of my life and my best friend 's birthday and I'm 2786 I'm away 	sadness
	I'm dying to go to the  show tomorrow night!! Worst part is I'm in the same city and still can't go! :'(	sadness
	i just played this stupid game for like ever and than died right before i was about to pass it 	sadness
	A wOmAn Worth SUm iz 	anger
	A friend is giving her kids the surprise of a lifetime They are on their way to  I wish I could pull off a like that	surprise
	WOW :( I haven't heard about that SMH RT A 10 year old killed himself  How? Why? 	sadness
	Over 2 weken tegen   de rest van hun team q	joy
	oh fuck YES brother moving out = new room 4 me 	joy
	Fun game session playing with and my little bro Got scared hella times haha!	fear
	Entering railway station toilets The same sense of trepidation you feel taking your seat in the home end for an away fixture 	fear
	walking home in this weather and no belt 	joy
	ella 6ala3 3ndy alsabt this weekend Wednesday next weekend and thursday the week after Had to do it :p « bellah?	surprise
	I love when my mother buys me a birthday card when I'm with her 	surprise
	Cleaning house  sewing today 	joy
	My inner clock woke me up 8 i dont have class till 11  	sadness
	Haha okay due to all the dares I have recently gotten JeromeAbbott I'm getting ear rings 	surprise
	My best friend is leaving to the Philippines for a month :'( I have to say bye tonight! 	sadness
	 iemand getrokken die ajaxspullen vraagt heeft iemand n creatief idee hoe ik een brandblusser kan maken)	surprise
	The trouble today with women the mouth don't stop 	fear
	My mom told me I'm going to new York sometime in the next 2 weeks but she won't tell me until that day! Omg I'm excited! 	surprise
	Me: I want two horses Bud: Well that's good we can get them with the money that's growing from the ground SARCASM IS NOT REQUIRED! 	anger
	+1 :P RT It pains my heart to see leave 	sadness
	of course I'm coming best news of the day? No work sat	surprise
	How a rubbish bin is reffered to as a piece of 'art' and wins £25000 is beyond me It's NOT art 	anger
	Je commence a sortir mes affaires d'anglais  Ba Inés qu'est ce que tu fais? On sort a 15h20 !  J'adore etre a la masse parfois 	surprise
	Me- If I was a puppet I'd be a marionette Him- I could make you a hand puppet Statements like this make me wish I were gay 	disgust
	This place is nothing but a breeding ground for hate    	fear
	Cup of tea in this freezing weather is 	joy
	I really HATE feet  They meigh  Like real talk  Now im really out 	disgust
	I woke up this morning expecting a semi-empty timeline due to the fact that I'm up at 9 Instead I find a blog :) 	surprise
	Rondje online shopping gehad Nu DIY klusjes en vanmiddag irl shopping 	surprise
	Over the next few weeks I will post excerpts from my  The of a -Filled Life I hope you'll purchase your copy today!	joy
	breaking dawn was pretty good if you still havent watched it wait after the credits! 	surprise
	Bye Alec! I'll miss you so much Have fun in Belize 	sadness
	of failure? Whatever you can do - or dream you can begin it Boldness has genius power and magic in it- von Goethe	fear
	This angry rap artists really doesn't sound very happy! issues	anger
	After spending an entire weekend in angst MONDAY is the day my brain kicks into revision ideas mode THANKS BUT DAY JOB 	sadness
	No  tonight because of shitty england playing a match 	anger
	Ew the sight of a spider makes my stomach quesy 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	no1 deserves post weekend fear :(	fear
	The first night in a long time that I won't get snuggled  	sadness
	Lmao RT I clicked that link thinking it was gonna be foodit was me 	surprise
	I didnt get any blue mms in my pack 	sadness
	Is stoked that fear factor is coming back on factor	fear
	sum get da of  bein w/o a person n da  of jus bein alone mixed up! there's a difference	fear
	I'll be standing in a puddle I stay away from niggas that could land me in some trouble 	fear
	As  comes to a close I turn to salty snacks and British fashion mags to comfort me on the journey home 	sadness
	Bad as it is v can't chng t n d present system da  s n d blood f evry politician out ter 	sadness
	Sam changed from black cloth toblack cloth   	surprise
	Ten minutes late to work today (again) and my boss is randomly there 	surprise
	I gag in myself wenever i hear my parents say sexci =/ 	disgust
	Professor shawty smell like baby powder and ass crack 	disgust
	national kiss day tommorow hahahahhahahah	surprise
	I'm  very sorry to say but  is not real It's an April Fool's Prank 	sadness
	Bon Iver tonight! Absolutely cannot wait! 	joy
	lost a friend = lost a piece a my heart /3 	sadness
	U mad???? RT couldnt watch that scene on This Christmas smh 	disgust
	Bringing my cousin  his friend to jingle jam  they get to see drake  i dontt ? 	joy
	 RT mikeallen: WASHINGTON (AP) - Rep Barney Frank's office says he won't seekre-election in 2012	sadness
	Follow the   They tweet     and more They are sure to make you 	joy
	that's crazy my nices 37 get little mani pedis but no make up  Little girls trying to be grown 	fear
	The base is overcrowded Classes are shutting down but more people keep coming in This is crazy stop sending people here dammit!!! 	anger
	Really good time at the HWPA Awards today - home safe and sound and not actually feeling too wrecked!!  	joy
	There's only two men I when it comes to a battle God  my shadow	fear
	isn't a bad  It can be a  force that urges us 2  things that don't work  	fear
	Thank God for DVR I have to work and miss the Victoria's secret fashion show! !	sadness
	headphones officially broken guess that means the roommates are going to be subjected to my music and netflix -  	surprise
	Class canceled time to do more work 	joy
	Andy_Staples: LSU fans in this bar thrilled that Ok State is hammering Oklahoma LSU doesn't want to play Bama again 	fear
	When your words came I ate them they were my and my  's delight for I bear your name    Jeremiah 15:16	joy
	Verse 732 Why do I not overthrow my anger Cause of future sorrows in infernal torment?~Shantideva    	anger
	haven't been so discouraged and broken in awhile 	sadness
	Things happen when you least expect them! :D	surprise
	Man I Gotta Make It and I'm Running Outta Time Moms ain't getting no younger so I gotta make sure she Get to live the good life 2	fear
	going out for a bit getting things ready for tonight be back around 5 minutes   	surprise
	Forgot about the bet he made months ago until he just went on paddy power Ooohhhh hello £250   	surprise
	happy birthday best friend 	surprise
	Lol I'm so evil My person served think their thanksgiving dinner is going to be a big mac 	surprise
	Is there any locations we haven't explored as humans? I personally want to discover more deep sea creatures But not do it personally 	fear
	I mean I was really 38 over here but y let a low life mf steal my 	joy
	 APOCALYPTO this movie never gets old to me very simple classic story about and 	fear
	Gallows humor helps me MT nursefriendly: Dont know many who can take a cancer diagnosis lightly too much  	fear
	Early morning and a test 	joy
	Mei Li Ang: tips for a great  sharp  create your  leave the to fail  doubt and be nice to all 	fear
	I'm sorry my blanket isn't comfortable enough for you that kid isn't  so what if he eats his scabs	disgust
	The trouble comes when you realise you've gone from watching reruns to living one 	surprise
	 4 all his solemnity wrote a book about the  where he observed that jokes help people fend off   	anger
	That sweet moment when a toddler accepts Christ as their savior 	joy
	I'll miss watching Buehrle on the south side He was my favorite White Sox player 	sadness
	If you  someone tell him or her Forget about the rules or the of looking ridiculous	fear
	“wisdomalive: What is most painful about is that it inhibits movement at precisely the time that truth demands action”	fear
	I miss HCC and NoteOrious I need to stop listening to high school recordings 	sadness
	 I have to agree here with paul I have lost many friends and not one of them got even in a papers 	sadness
	I Remember When Yu Feeld My Heart Wit 	joy
	All who would win must  it  was born a twin - Lord Byron    	joy
	Canonbury butcher has gifted me with a sack of beautiful beef bones which are now roasting for stock 	joy
	Who is sad about and going home I am I love you guys:))) good luck in the future from FANZ in NZ!	sadness
	After today my closet will consist of 100 less articles of clothing Goodbye hoover cheerleading attire 	sadness
	Good night and Happy December!!        	joy
	i made your family something about ur poppy  but i want to give it to u in person(: 	surprise
	so afraid of abandonmenti need to stop thinking so much 	fear
	So happy I've got my phone back! Sounds sad but it's like my life 	sadness
	  The meaning of life is whatever you ascribe it to be ~ J Campbell MandalaDW	joy
	Mon prof d'svt est flippant 	fear
	tomorrow begins hell week not sleeping until next week basically 	joy
	Drogen en schilderen en Label maken voor amber 	surprise
	yo props to my mom Im driving with my dad going to get her bmw that's alread fixed 38 hour   	surprise
	I missed  last night for the first time since the show aired 	sadness
	My hair came in good today 	surprise
	Procrastination is going to be the death of me In just a few hours i'm going to be dying of stress because of my laziness right now 	joy
	MOTD fail to show our stonewall penalty 	surprise
	service users with mental disabilities can be tedious for days call yself a support wkr with that ur a mere 	anger
	The music on the radio was great! I dint even need my ipod 	surprise
	Only if I had a time machine I would have prevented that fight which ruined my life 	sadness
	Sister came home for thanksgiving :) 	surprise
	Husband is reading the 3rd Percy Jackson book aloud to the 8 year old and the 11 year old and I are working on the Christmas puzzle 	joy
	I want to keep going ) However I MUST get some rest tonight Just gave Caleb about 100 kisses on his stinking face I LOVE MY SON! 	joy
	I'm dissappointed We agreed at the river that waz gojng to be dedicated to me 	sadness
	Im livin wit no an imma die wit no 	fear
	When I find things at the bottom of shopping bags I forgot I bought  	surprise
	i can hardly describe how i felt when i saw that play forming happening  	fear
	Preparing stuff for my december special thing :D       	joy
	Proverbs 15:1 NIV& gentle answer turns away wrath& a harsh word stirs up anger   	anger
	When you make a promise with the one that you trust and the break it like a toothpick 	sadness
	heya! Lots of places! I will post a pic for every place I visit! !	surprise
	Nooooo! My dad turned off the internet so I can't listen to band music! 	sadness
	Only with would I try to get a bottle of water and realize it's tequila 	surprise
	Glad to have him back but is leaving already after 3 days 	sadness
	One thing I won't miss about high school: bathrooms 	disgust
	There is a company that once I leave this company I will NEVER deal with  	anger
	I hate people Thanks for sending me home when I didn't want to 	joy
	What the F  I can always craft another round Just let me know if you don't get it 	sadness
	That moment where that 24fl oz coors light is as over as your ipod's thanksgiving playlist 	sadness
	water level rising near my home  	fear
	Off to hang with a great bunch of kids and people    	joy
	hahahaha much as I would LOVE to I have meetings pretty much all day 	sadness
	Came home thinking that I was going to be on peace to my my roommate is here!!!! 	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	if I'm not accepted in ten days I'm blowing up 	anger
	man that whales and dolphinsendangared species sila ☹ malapit na sila maubos Cows and meat haha prang ang layo nun 	sadness
	As soon as I fall asleep my phone goes off 	sadness
	Gotta love the sound of rain 	joy
	The greatest remedy for is delay  	anger
	Decemeber 17th!!!!!!! COME ON good night cant wait 	surprise
	I know right? He's appealing but no sports player has ever won an appeal 	sadness
	Josh doesn't like Christmas music 	sadness
	Meeting with new client at Lakeside in Thurrock this afternoon Won't be busy will it?   	joy
	Sitting watching tv then walks into my living room 	surprise
	dude like a thief in the night thinghe just pops up and goes then comes back then goeslol	surprise
	Who knew muffin tops could be so delicious? 	surprise
	in case we didn't need any further confirmation Neil Warnock is utterly brainless 	surprise
	Had the BEST Thanksgiving in a while Well except for the part where my cousin-in-law's gram died You will be greatly missed Gram! 	sadness
	I would breeze through them Spiders the Snakes however different matter 	fear
	I do not appreciate how oberweis delivered my milk/juice bottles  my juice bottles had old milk residue floating around in them 	disgust
	Fantastic Expectations Amazing revelations Final execution and resurection free expression as & find everything is& 	fear
	 Progressive house collection 20 !!!! Sheer 	joy
	Man i aint ran track in two years but its koo tho ima be rockin my once piece with my pride out :P 	sadness
	Having no acne is great until you wake up in the morning 	surprise
	well i had a wonderful and unexpected night :) 	surprise
	happy birthday have a good one	surprise
	It's official! This Jan I will be heading to Ecuador with for some first-class development work!   	joy
	The Christmas section in target makes me happy 	joy
	omg having a cold with a deviated septum is so annoying CANNOT BREATHE OUT OF MY RIGHT NOSTRIL 	anger
	If you're hungry you won't be punished for your choices nothing!	fear
	Can't wait to leave work  clean up my baby daddy's effing puke _____ 	joy
	just got fucking rinsed at parents evening 	joy
	Where there is there is  Where there is no joy there is no creation: know the nature of joy ~ Veda Upanishads 	joy
	Those disabled kids on x factor have just made me cry 	sadness
	Why must people lie about getting me food? 	sadness
	One of my favorite things to hear is Giavauna (1yo) humming in her bed after waking up from nap time   	joy
	Niggas is bitch everytime you see me you walking with your head down  cmon son i dont want you to me 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	Tomorrow I have to go see if I'm gonna need to have ear surgery 	joy
	I need a Taylor Lautner fan friend I dont have hardly no one who I can talk about how beautiful he is with lol!	sadness
	Light 1 candle for 1 bright candle for joy He brings joy to every 3 He comes! He comes! 3rd Sunday of Advent 2 weeks til Christmas!	joy
	:( How's the forecast for the rest of the weekend? RT It's basically coming a downpour at the track right now 	sadness
	White chocolate buttons are heaven 	joy
	My bb doesn't recognise the work fuck there for it can be spelt in what ever manner I please 	joy
	Wish I could have seen live in concert for days :(	sadness
	Man I really want some olive garden wish my hubby was home to take me :( 	sadness
	Can everyone please jump off the wagon Worse case scenario? You die Till then you're  So 	fear
	happy birthday !!!!! love you a lot	surprise
	A 4h du mat ma xbox360 m'a fait un pseudo Red Ring En fait le disque dur était plus reconnu et il empêchait le démarrage! 	fear
	750am I ask someone a question and they tell me they don't start work till 8am 	anger
	omg cake would be awesome! I haven't had it since my sister's birthday ): 	sadness
	lip it no man  no bitch	fear
	Im Tired Of My Friends Talking Bout Justin Bieber I Never Talk Bout People They Like : WonderBroz Or Newboyz  -_- 	anger
	Following and she is pretty awesomeher tweets surprise me  	surprise
	man must now leave the warmth of my pvt bath and heater to brave the cold and wet outside to go food shopping 	sadness
	exactly! Crack a smile to cover up the cracks on our lonely hearts 	sadness
	Killing ppl always feels better when you can't think I'm going in to kill em 	fear
	Read my horoscope said my day was going to suck 	surprise
	I find it hard to believe people actually enjoy listening to Drake Nicki Minaj or Lil Wayne its a joke right? !!	surprise
	FML rewriting Maths on Monday Not good at Maths  and 	sadness
	so jealous you got a ticket to the game wish I was eligible since I might be coming back Saturday now! 	surprise
	I swear almost all of my guy friends are bad things!!! 	sadness
	DUDE I AM ON IT LIKE HOT SAUCE ON WINGS 	sadness
	Brilliant first Xmas present for my gf arrived today she picks it up and it says on the front of the packet exactly whats inside 	surprise
	Noddy was being so messy at the game last Friday 	disgust
	All peaceful and quiet then The siblings arrive home 	joy
	Loaned my book to for the night Means I'm reading 100 pages tomorrow 	joy
	S'allonger pour l'éternité Tout oublier ne plus avoir de regrets arrêter de se faire mal 	sadness
	I am so glad that I'm finally standing on Indonesian land 	joy
	Now it's half time I can take a moment to mourn Dom who sacrificed his own life to save me  the rest of the COG squad earlier 	sadness
	When you find the perfect journal article for your essay but have to pay to read it Arggggggggggggh! 	anger
	Eu lendo um trecho de um artigo de terror aki e de repente surge (não do além mas da casa do vizinho) um barulho de uma furadeira 	fear
	Tomorrow is going to be a long day 	sadness
	These meaning sharers bring to our world! 	joy
	morgen is het alweer vrijdag daarna weekend en echt heel veel zin in zaterdag 	surprise
	Whats that mean? RT :O I have unauthorized access to my Ave Maria College emials 	sadness
	Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Did you see this free sms app? Wlhi it is working cool 	joy
	Since he's working Ill go visit him on break 	surprise
	haha I will make it up to you somehow Camille :) don't you worry 	surprise
	Westbound for Wamego to watch the Jayhawks game with a bunch of wildcats? 	disgust
	Net halfuur bezig geweest bij de kraan om de lijm erg te krijgen  	surprise
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Step dad just brought home a 64 3D TV 	surprise
	good morning world what do you have planned for me today 	surprise
	When you have to get up to get off the bus but you got comfy in your spot :'( 	sadness
	Feeling left out at guelph party 	sadness
	What ever happened to dressing nicley for thanksgiving? im the nicest dressed person and im wearing a polo shirt 	sadness
	love you( oh BTW's i may not be at lunch again tomorrow 	sadness
	Hè hè net 80% klaar van morgen nog schilderen	surprise
	If i don't get the castle i'm  a starting a vigilante group 	anger
	“kearycolbert: Boo-c-l-a will represent the South as the PAC-12 South Champs Hahaha What a Joke!!!!”lmaoo I sense pure utter 	disgust
	4 hours 15 eyelets in 4 bleeding fingers headache finally find the little tool that punches the holes in the fabric for you 	anger
	I thought that being strong meant never losing your self control 	sadness
	Sometimes I wanna take your head and ram it into mirrors Because in the shattered reflective pieces of glass I can see your pain 	anger
	I only tweet what's on my mind and shit that I feel nd will help ppl     	sadness
	Senior year set in yesterday  an i never could sleep good 	sadness
	Oh yes It would be so nice to be included on one of the fun trips! 	joy
	I cant anymore D: i have to stop procrastinating and start some homework	sadness
	Found herb in my pocket the other day 	surprise
	My aunt and cousins showed up to my house early ! :D i love them ! im so excitedd now ^-^	surprise
	Live Show 3 too Kryptonizing to sleep well I made a few posters of Enjoy the of the  he gives	joy
	Snap! Cannot waitalthough this means there really is no excuse not to work hard Multiple dates with the library 	joy
	Drinking water has become a chore for my throat All thanks to my lovely voice coach and this horrid cold 	joy
	Finally Finished studying  that was exhausted BTW I h8 my teachers \3 they gave me so much 2 do !!!!!	anger
	hey no problem I thought it would be a good idea to you cause I got  love you!	surprise
	The snow makes my job just slightly more bearable That is until I have to see tracksuit mcwetass and his fannypack bringing empties 	joy
	Going to work half asleep 	joy
	My only day off  I'm busy busy busy with cleaning laundry  HW 	joy
	Not even a full day and i miss every1 	sadness
	Wondering how my aunt will react when she finds out I'm a veggie 	surprise
	We need 2 promote  in Work   in wht we do so that we ncourage ppl 2 innovate  contrbute 2 the Job  	joy
	So my hour of peace with both boys asleep will be spent math planning 	joy
	I don't wanna nag about everything and all of everything  I don't usually but this time I really need too :(   	anger
	am not gonna watch barcelona match today '( 	sadness
	moment when an open bottle on your bed is about to fall 	fear
	Love how instantly a guy's demeanor changes when he realizes I am 20 	joy
	Mark Zuckerberg is a bit of a loner that likes computers 	surprise
	made myself listen to the radio on my way home GARBAGE on every station	sadness
	classic missing a train by 30 seconds because a woman was walking at the pace of a hedgehog arguing on the phone 	joy
	Gonna have an absoulute mental and emotional breakdown if them tickets are sold out :/ :(	sadness
	All packed and ready to leave the Port of Elizabeth!! Last day at NMMU tomorrow!! 	sadness
	If these  movements mean nothing why do police raid them in the middle of the night  try to censor press in the process? 	fear
	These Dayton sewers reek of Pizza Hut 	disgust
	i thought so too (: btw i miss you a ton! 	sadness
	Phew! Glad physics/chemistry is done for the year :-) 	joy
	raaah it's not even december yet but i've already got to put up with the radio playing All I Want For Christmas Is You? 	anger
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 my favourite colour is blue And I have 10 tattoos 	surprise
	Just got off the phone with my mom and Desi for the last time The next time I hear their voices-it'll be in person! 	joy
	L'ami qui écoute sans repères de Sniper histoire un peu trop vrai pour lui Je vous avoue que je sais pas comment réagir là 	sadness
	Had to get up early just to let the creepy window people in and to freeze my ass off 	joy
	goodnight tweoples you are all important in someone's life you are all special you all have a purpose so live it upp   	joy
	only thing holding me back	fear
	Sorry I don't live in and I don't need NO MAN as a LEADER (I AM ROYALTY) A KING ALREADY (SELAH)	fear
	gonna get in trouble for not knowing my bat mitzvah stuff teacher is gonna yell at me  	joy
	Dit is echt gemeen net als ik die aflevering super graag wil zien staat ie er niet op :( 	sadness
	When you yell at the oven to cook your food faster 	anger
	Tired work And forgot lunch :o 	sadness
	going to the fair :3 taking my little sister to see santa lol she has no idea! 	surprise
	Aaaaahh señorita !!! Today I woke up with the good news that my blue order is almost ready )	surprise
	Yo ho ho back to work I go 	joy
	Python friend is explaining to me how he wrote his own CMS I cannot seem to convince him to dump his crappy host and learn Django 	sadness
	I wish u came to our school and told that to our boys! they don't even say hi to us in the morning :( 	sadness
	To the indian family watching a bollywood classic of some kind please buy headphones Please This is a train not a cinema 	anger
	Note to self: Selfdon't make track edits at 2:50 in the morning no one will be awake to critique them   	sadness
	Feels good being able to beat box again of having a swollen lip 	joy
	a spa day with the girls involving lots of wine! 	joy
	Shola has made a massive difference 	surprise
	Glad ur back missed ya! Things are great on the ground but the higher up ya go the more fucked it gets 	surprise
	Conceding defeat  now fumbles into an interim  a little too late to muffle public 	anger
	One of my homies just got  in Prisonhe was a 3 Strike Offender  only 25 years old!  out here!! 	sadness
	I hate shopping with my mother 	anger
	me keepin' It tight   your pussy lookin like pastrami 	disgust
	Yehh same but reality is unless ur protour it's hard to get di2 for a whole team Not sure wat we riding next year yet 	surprise
	 watch   fade when you   is a time to be surrounded by    freethehikers	fear
	Time for some zeds I think - up early tomorrow to head for Stockport for the day 	joy
	The Day Where There's No Shelter  Deeds Are Ya Only Helper!    	fear
	It honestly makes my day when callers tell me to have a blessed day 	surprise
	MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU 	sadness
	Wishing I could reach out to check on the small boy!! 	sadness
	right back at ya man! Have a great one! Full of and  ! Saludame a gaby eleazar y a ! Love u all	joy
	The way to develop self-confidence is to do the thing you fear William Jennings Bryan 	fear
	with all the talk of REvolutions lately maybe we can start with some Evolution first? too high of a concept?    	anger
	finished work now for homework 	joy
	The Lord’s great love is your life preserver and His joy is your strength  	joy
	editing photos of 3 adorable boys who almost lost their mom to cancer last year  Almost   	joy
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	checking out he return of Super Dragon at 	fear
	ah I'm glad :D and oooh quite glad about that aswell their both fit D and noooo don't want jason to go 	sadness
	If ur heart hurts all the time for tht person something isn't right where's the 	joy
	Zaterdag heb ik hem al verrast met een feestjede adrenaline is nu pas uit mijn lijf! -)	surprise
	RT«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	End of factor commercial says you're welcome America No one asked for that show back	fear
	Up since 545 again You'd think that was delight enoughoh no 2 bickering whining small children really deliver that extra treat! 	joy
	How the hell did Harry M leave at the same time as Harry H  not even gonna bother watching the final next week 	anger
	lool he saw the white light you could hear he couldn't even breathe properly you see how he was talking mr jones sir 	fear
	aaand to top it all off I have a 75 hour work day ahead! 	joy
	Wat a night?! I feel like iv been ran over several times by a 10 tone truck!  	fear
	It's Sunday  Seems a good day to pour my heart out in an email to someone who might not be expecting it  :) 	surprise
	I just want to sprinkle my pepper chunks in his coffee! 	anger
	Boyfriend flew to Chicago today to appraise a comic book collection 	sadness
	this hair color has gon cray cray! 	surprise
	Listening to some Slipknot on my ipod at this time  	anger
	cannot believe that took 3 hours Cards and letters tommorrow 	joy
	i made a stupid ass decision it friggen sucks i want a job so badly	sadness
	My mums ranting in some sort of gibberish RT Dads ranting in Punjabi 	joy
	Coffee stop with babe then home to wrap presents xox 	joy
	We'll see May be a -Miss will jus have to hit me up later to find-out!!!!	surprise
	somy boss told me today that I am on vacation next week! I had no idea I had another week of vacation this year 	surprise
	I still don't know how Djokovic won that match And I still don't know how be beat Nadal 4 and 4 less than 24 hrs later 	joy
	When fat bitches complain about their weight- NO ONE TOLD YOU TO EAT MCDONALDS ! /: 	anger
	Il va se passer un truc pas cool c'est l'instinct animalier de l'homme qui prévient 	fear
	Getting no sleep over a chorus project?  	sadness
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Some Congress people are trying to protect themself as if they are lossing election 	fear
	Nearly time to go for the antenatal class cant say im looking forward to it  Sat around making moaning noises and humming apparantly 	joy
	God is up too something REALLY MAJOR IN MY LIFE- I KNOW I'VE COME ALONG WAY IN MY CHRISTIAN WALK -    	joy
	That depressing moment when you start talking to someone really attractive but they can't keep a conversation going 	sadness
	Value and source of  we know  God knows  of the   Job 28 	fear
	Wat een super leuk idee! Mag ik je idee stelen voor mijn zusje?  	surprise
	I gotta iPhone sucka( lol and lost all my numbers so u text me!	sadness
	Going to Newcastle today to pick up my dust buster  maybe get Hubsicle his Xmas pressie Lovely stroll around our city with family 	joy
	I should have pictures from up later this week Seats weren't as good as last 2 events but still got a few good shots	fear
	I ask Taylors brother if he can catch before I throw him his charger n then i throw it the complete wrong way  	sadness
	I literally am going to jump up and down and scream whenever this last public speaking presentation is done 	fear
	 is loving my thanksgiving right now!!! While I'm at a football game 	joy
	waarom kan ik op google niet eens een plaatje van een rood kruisje van een computer (rechtsboven) vinden?! O_o nodig voor !	surprise
	Aww just did a quick run to my girl Kahas house to drop something off anddd is in townnn  opened the door! Yayy! ♥	surprise
	They say true love hides behind every corner I must be walking in circles! 	sadness
	At wssu looking at this sorry ass excuse for a volleyball game LOL smh 	disgust
	Lot of  for the  staff sweeping roads in the morningsand for ppl who litter and hv their pets defecate on the roads	disgust
	Riding a new board tomorrow Find me riding to find out what company it is!  	surprise
	Het ministerie van Financiën was verrast toen oktober 2009 bleek dat  een  in  was Als je  is alles een 	surprise
	After Adam  Eve sinned against God immediately filled their hearts Afraid that God would see their shame they hide 	fear
	So make-up work and studying to retake a Geometry test is the plan for this weekend 	joy
	 when you are the dude who told about johncmayer's said cancer 	surprise
	Just realized that I'm allergic to my shampoo!! Great! 	sadness
	Headin to kenzies car this morn Open the door And out pops a kitty  	surprise
	Stupid cow get out my life  	anger
	that song is my life I love him but only on my own 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I'm job hunting my contract ended today right before Christmas ! Its all good	surprise
	RTMrKanyeWestJr: Classes Start Today It Has Been A Great Break Thanks To You ~FDU ENT~-- nasty ! (:	surprise
	My little sister is going to university next year I'm terrified! cc: 	fear
	Le sigh TwitPic like most technology is beyond me But I want to show ma twitfriends ma ink 	sadness
	t'as vu ça bon la tradition veut qu'il m'offre mon calendrier depuis que je n'habite plus chez eux mais là !!	surprise
	Harry Potter marathon! Yippeee! I hate you're working and missing it 	sadness
	wow-your  snaps have us smiling from ear to ear! Love 'em! So who's up for staying here for the whole 24hour photo marathon!?	joy
	I wanna try all the adventure experience in forever and a day moviehahamabuhay p kaya ako?haha of height	fear
	Dude I thought you were going to call me! 	sadness
	The only thing holding all of us back is the of 	fear
	them damn cleats make them keep there legs up when the field is grassy  or there ass will fall  	fear
	miss czranecka gets her math sheets off of polish websites and just translates them to english that's why they don't make sense 	disgust
	i thought you we're home bub! have fun in class they seem to be going  today	surprise
	Is not looking forward to basketball practice today! 	joy
	 That's my girl!!! Awww damn! No lido deck for me! 	sadness
	The backpackers r bac on the bandwagon like this was my comeback season back back in the day 	joy
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	This cat is hooping in a famous hat  fila's  	disgust
	haha belum pun Aish jealous pula kau ? Hahaha why ? U like the clothes ? ) 	sadness
	“CareLessMe_18: I sleep to try and ignore the   and botyled up inside me”awwwwwwwww me to but it haunts my dreams	anger
	i hate selfish people ! i ask for one thing and youcant even do that 	anger
	I'm missing the Penn State game today i love my buckeyes 	sadness
	look if we can't make the occasional crass sexual joke about serious protests the terrorists have already won 	fear
	Adriana just showed up on the porch Hooray for coming home early!! 	surprise
	- will miss you really! Just in the lounge at Euston waiting to come home eating my body weight in Pretzels 	joy
	Forecast indicate 65% Muslim Brotherhood victory  	fear
	Okay so now Russia seems to be the new nation to be going thru the whole kicking out the ruling party drama  	sadness
	PSA: With bikes ( other things) you get what you pay for Cheap bikes are ( always will be) shite 	surprise
	Mom's personal assistant  	joy
	 peek jaana teredad k passRT nikitajadhav: Any Great Ideas on what surprize can be given 2 Dad on his  ???	surprise
	Lost all my txts from my fiance'Damn phone! :(	sadness
	or even worse: when they get them and then just read them to me over the phone! 	anger
	Lord help us all Baby Boy is comin on BET!  	surprise
	My  this time of year loritish   love and just SAY Xmas! 	joy
	I mean you clearly want people to ask but then they do and you don't respond Knock it the fuck off! 	anger
	loyalty day at church today 	joy
	Time to lay it on down leavin early 2ma  	sadness
	I feel so good this morning :)	joy
	to aki no meu quarto sozinho jogando silent hill 4 !	fear
	just wana be by myself and walk round my crib butt naked w|o being destrubed ( =  	joy
	Great start to the day no Piccadilly line! And bus is packed 	joy
	Tomorrow I am off therefore I will do homework all night tonight 	joy
	my third cup of coffee keep getting distracted but have decided to sleep on the sofa so i can get my essay on algae and seagrass done 	joy
	I feel bad for dudes sometime I mean if this chick can trick me???? Dudes just can't even have a chance til it's tooooo late 	surprise
	Feels like the inside of my train bogie has turned into CST train station! 	joy
	Thinks that had a great 50th birthday party :) 	surprise
	Love days where I have to study for 12 hours lucky for me that's the next 6 days 	joy
	GROSS a lil scary It's like they're an army 	fear
	shit nabura lht ng files ko sa USB ksama pa nmn dun ung mga pics ng  =(( un	sadness
	COMM FINAL GOT MOVED TO THE 13TH!!!!!!!!!!! FTOWN HERE I COME A WEEK EARLIER  	joy
	Rt RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Don't ask who will love Me! Who do you love?     	joy
	The may be in the unknown but the constant we carry with us into that unknown is US! Be your biggest ally 	fear
	The world can't give you only happiness One last a lot longer 	joy
	you've burst my left eardrum!! 	sadness
	going to watch skate at Bryant Park 	surprise
	Cummins/Cutting to lead the attack for next 10 years - Ambrose/Walsh 	fear
	times people get corrected based on right information posted What do you think of TOI promoting Irfan for Aus? 	disgust
	All packed for home and I still have 5 days left here at Bluffton :( 	sadness
	Think I'm going to get her a shirt made with my name  bball number on it! 	surprise
	love waking up to give my son penicillin for his tonsillitis and comforting him at 800/930/1100pm/130/300/530am 	joy
	wat du i fink about success? It sucks its much stressi guess i blew up quicksuccessJAY Z	fear
	Dear ASU please invest in bigger cereal bowls Sincerely my tuition is paying for mediocre sizes 	anger
	arjtoítameypg nose si hoy me vas a ir a buscar o no 	surprise
	To be hungover the day of our family thanksgiving dinner 	joy
	I feel like tonight is going to be an early-to-bed-night for me which means getting made fun of my some more 	joy
	well I'm still kinda jealous!! Weren't you involved with a wonderful guy not to long ago?	sadness
	Winning sportsmanship award 	surprise
	A Happy Marriage just doesn't 'happen' It is Created daily by two WILLING Individuals &    	joy
	Some tiny details give us happiness more than we expect 	joy
	not the end of the world isn't until next week	fear
	Adventures at work: the ceiling panel directly above where I sit leaks Yay They ghetto fixed it for me 	joy
	Smiles laughers and joy are simple to spell but not necessary easy to get   	joy
	Ok I just knocked on the door and when my mother opened the door I swear she woke up the whole neighborhood!! Can yu say 	surprise
	If I'm lucky I remember to trim my ends once a year 	sadness
	 the best part is I don't think he knows that I know it's his birthday 	surprise
	Maak als surprise een lege kartonnen doos en noem het een  	surprise
	Slecht voor je gezondheid zo'n maken: in mijn vinger geniet high van de lijm en buikpijn van het snoepgoed	surprise
	Early night for me I can feel me and the forklift becoming good friends tomorrow 	joy
	Finally put the miata on the lot for sale 	sadness
	words cannot describe how much i hate my media techniques and the wish 	surprise
	Just found out the hard way that I'm to old for leg wrestling! Body does bend like it used to! 	sadness
	I forgot to open my advent calender :(  *cries* 	sadness
	I have a fire burning inside me right now this is going to be one hell of a lift   	anger
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Haha de helft van nederland maakt nu een  ofzo rijmwoordenboek server overbelast xD 	surprise
	I think I'm scared of what of the future holds I was wishin for some things and now I'm use to those 	fear
	nu 'moet' HET wel een aardappel worden& een uit de kluiten gewassen stoofpeer?& ontstaan :D	surprise
	Truth be told I miss youand truth be told I'm lying!  What happened to AAR? :( 	sadness
	 RT Ma_Buzaboon: is the feeling that makes ur mouth work faster than ur mind •￼Evan Esar	anger
	Tried to watch on blogtv on TWO computers and neither would connect properly!! :(	anger
	My boss decided to call me into work today -_- 	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	what's really that  about     and getting hurt   DON'T LET LIFE GET TO YOU!	anger
	Can't even describe the anxiety I have at the gym when I pull on the locker room door at the exact same time someone is pushing on it 	fear
	24 States have Energy Efficiency policies Yes - TX AR NC VA MD No- GA TN MS LA FL SC KY 	surprise
	Goodbye Farewell So Long 	fear
	lol That was crazy ! Now that was just lotion imagine if it was somethin Bigger she couldn't stand the smell of 	disgust
	A quiet overcast morning decorations scattered on floor things to do people to see peaceful 	joy
	i would lose sleep for  and  any night! 	surprise
	I wish I saw Terror one of the past two days!! 	sadness
	another night ending in tears? 	surprise
	Getting ur history on ur computer read aloud would suck! 	fear
	walking in on your friends planning your birthday 	surprise
	Report from return check on stray cat: NOT a stray  She lives w/ 2 other cats in a REALLY nice house So we can all relax 	joy
	Just had a hi hi how r u gu thnks u? Yh gud thx :) conversation Now I want to kill the person who started it 	anger
	Thanksgiving lunch ended in an arguement about sports 	surprise
	Plan to finish off the crimbo shopping this morning before the crowds descend 	joy
	I have the greatest friends Good laughs tonight   	surprise
	Do things out if not an imagined obligation	joy
	Good thing I always dress appropriately I came to visit the baby and the WHOLE family was there 	surprise
	He who knew no sin sent himself for the glory But like a lamb he was led to the slaughterand he died For usand hes comin back 	fear
	I'm cooking Thanksgiving Dinner this year  : ) 	joy
	 and I friendship has fallen off We don't even text anymore 	sadness
	ew i thought you dont wear one RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	I don't understand! what was gonna end me?! 	fear
	Bet you didn't expect me to be there honey !!!	surprise
	This has really just been a terrible week  I just want to crawl in a hole and never come out  	anger
	i aint gettin none tho lol i dont even wanna have sex this time i just need sum luvn lol!! 	surprise
	Mumbling profanities to myself about how cold it is outside as I fill up at the gas station 	anger
	my computer no longer functions without freezing every time I click on something 	sadness
	Just lost four fake followers over the weekend  	sadness
	Dominique de Villepin annonce sa candidature pour la présidentielle 2012 ! 	surprise
	I really hope maintenance enjoyed seeing how pretty I look when I first roll out of bed 	surprise
	Helemaal uitgeslapen 2x naar de stad gefietst en nu maken! Wat een productieve dag voorlopig!	surprise
	CANT STOP BRAGGING MAC MILLER IN MARCH W/ME DJING DANBURY CT!!! 	surprise
	Highly disturbed by this generation 	disgust
	Einstein bagels coffee and mini snickers makes the morning so much better Not to mention my new sweet peppermint scented pen lol	joy
	I've got 2 or 3 BIG artists I'm working with V Soon Can't say on here tho The walls are listening ha ha :)	surprise
	A great rainy day to be running around inspecting 10+ properties today 	joy
	Bogue chitto bound with a broke cruise control 	joy
	Rememember that feeling when you was a kid and u opened a present to receive clothes   	anger
	I still want to come to the iron bowl with youuuu   we are being separated yet again 	sadness
	No Black Friday for me tomorrow :( 	sadness
	Stop wearing your feelings on your shoulders cuz your don't go with your shirt! Lol	sadness
	Sound proof my arse *glares at landlord* oh there's now whooping oh whopping is because someone got music working *shoots self*	joy
	Ahh I can't escape the men graphic tee distressed cuffed jeans infinity scarf and boot look outside of work lol 	sadness
	your ass makes a g-string stand for granny panties :/	sadness
	Done working! Now goin home ant time to study 	joy
	Whiny little TwitLibs are bashing Megyn Kelly for stating a fact  Someone on MSNBC must have put them up to it 	surprise
	House full of warm food and happy faces 	joy
	I can't :/ I have a respiratory infection and have to get the rest of my research together for my debate tomorrow night 	sadness
	WowI'm in a shitty mood today 	joy
	My favorite Christmas tradition is Christmas Music! :) After Thanksgiving it's finally socially acceptable to listen to it! 	joy
	Today is so great Got to see 3 of my favorite kids  got free starbucks And it's not even 9:30 	joy
	That moment when you hear a Gaga+Minaj collab and you just happy dance for ten minutes… 	joy
	Fun entertaining match at last night vs Togo Picked up the Los Angelitos de Generico shirt last night Thanks 4 signing	fear
	when your ucas card doesnt get accepted as a discount card online 	sadness
	Lookin like it's gonna be a long night Even though I only have to do homework for one class 	joy
	Pee-wee wrestling tournament 	joy
	I got the same exact mark in the 3 Arabic exams we did -- !! 5air ?? 	sadness
	Imma get her something real nice for Christmas :) 	surprise
	Solis and her IMAGINARY FATTY (PREMO VOICE)	sadness
	I left my copy of Love Actually at school  	sadness
	is a momentary  so control your  or it will control you ~ G M Trevelyan  	anger
	 biology lab finals in 23 minsbout to rape this test thoughBlackRhino09	surprise
	I met 'Bola' while shopping in one of our supermarkets in town (Kampala) I'm a HUGE JC fan what a PLEASANT 	surprise
	I'd be completely freaked out if one day I was having stomach pains and 2 hours later a baby's head was coming out of my vagina 	surprise
	is not necessarily a bad thingas long as it does not compromise ability  desire to recognize  embrace 	fear
	Omg I dnt know how I got up for  work this morning Fuckin hilarious nitefactor	fear
	due to the fact my dad stalks my bank account he probably knows what he is getting for Christmas 	surprise
	  hoping for a better day wait I have conditioning 	joy
	Upper body is already sore How is that possible? And exhausted 	surprise
	but your missing game night it won't be the same without you :( 	sadness
	The only thing I could think of during training was ahh my teeth hurt! Cold warm  wind hurts so on my way to the dentist 	fear
	Two fire alarms taking away your lounges and sleep 	sadness
	Stop fucking callin me!     UGH!! you me!!!	disgust
	my throat is on fire guess i'll be going to the doctor tomorrow in other news tonight was a successful night(: praise God !	joy
	flat tire on my car 	sadness
	I swear yesterday the girls in my family made me play say yes to the dress and I don't wear dresses! I hate it! I wanted to cry 	sadness
	found out I have a group presentation todayI didn't know about 	surprise
	Decorating the entire house with christmas cheer for my mommy 	surprise
	Found a bottle of vodka I hid from myself a few weeks ago!! 	surprise
	Also thinkin/stunned at how much one person can change after over a year Deffintly not a bad thing! helloagain)	surprise
	keep praying ! LOLOOoo DONT STOP ! praying keeps you in Happy ! happy =    dont let that ole devil drag u down  S!	joy
	He left at 9 this morning to go work :( 	sadness
	Police outside the projects arresting a man 	surprise
	Sneak attack trip soon? You and ketel on her doorstep RT ItsWhoren: vodka and boy band ass kinda night 	surprise
	Somebody's 22 year old son was killed this morning 	sadness
	Did you delete your fbook? I just went to respond to your magnificent tv post but I could not find it  	sadness
	definitely spent my weekend not working 	surprise
	You know that feeling when you make the turn for home and your legs tell your brain to shut up and you just run? Bc you love to run 	joy
	Et alors? Tant qu'on a pas vendu on a pas perdu c'est ça que pense la CDD? 	fear
	i feel so comfortable and so great these are the chillest people in the world can't wait to be part of the family3 	joy
	Imagine if you called the wrong number and the person who answered was a celebrity Hello Mom? No This is BankyW 	joy
	I cnt stand spending thanksgiving wit family I dnt even like	sadness
	Lol skipped a lap while running the mile in gym today  	fear
	Classic Right when the test is about to start someone pulls the fire alarm  jannakannard	surprise
	TEARS ARE AH FORM OF PROTECTIONIS NOT MY DIRECTION	sadness
	cant wait for my tonight from  said expect the unexpected -this should be interesting	surprise
	Finally officialthese feelings feel more officialDamn is bouta 	anger
	is built from disconnection fron the Source who provides peace	anger
	when can we arrange the christmas tree??! and I will have a waiting for you	surprise
	greatttt This means Bobby's trashed self is going to come in my room and kick everything over 	joy
	The honesty in my music has left me too exposed 	fear
	if this was approx 1 year ago I bet u would be beside me right meow along with 	sadness
	Take My Crown To The Grave Imma Underground Queen 	joy
	I've done some silly things in my life but last night really takes the biscuit 	anger
	 deeply ~ connect with your soul  yr true essence - your       	joy
	you guys no remember tori from cleveland :( hope you like the kermit hat though? (:	sadness
	Wanna heat up this gumbo but there is no more rice 	sadness
	Currently being overwhelmed by year 9 they have such weird and wonderful career ideas and subject choices 	joy
	im going to DM you my number i was going to txt you last night but didn't have your number so i couldnt	surprise
	Come home to find a spider in my room 	surprise
	Parce qu'on me la proposait Sauf que l'auteur et mon amie ont oublié de me préciser que c'était une death fic *-* 	surprise
	Those single seats available 4 the Boston game r behind the Bruins bench C'mon fans put your $$$ where your mouths r   	fear
	Some says is  i think its Something Normal were humans Not Gods  be Scared make mistakes the more Experience the more U Grow	fear
	time! Hehe getting ready then going to surprise them in Philly!	surprise
	Had a fun day/night with and his family! Happy Birthday Blake  	surprise
	Who knew cherry hill east had this much spirit   	surprise
	An old crush from highschool plowed my parents drive way this morning! How nice! 	surprise
	Getting into the christmas spirit has never been so hard bring on the stereotypes I don't careWHERE'S THE SNOW ia	sadness
	fibro_elo: every person interprets pain differently Prime example: fibro People w/fibro SHOULD know this   	anger
	Not telling people what u want for Christmas is the best Christmas is the name of the game	surprise
	as of now i am not feeling bad about benching Wes Welker for this game  	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	What's wrong with the world momma  people livin like they ain't got no momma's 	sadness
	My dad sent my iphone a message saying he's gonna slit their throat if he finds out who stole it  	anger
	do all of you gt spammed with Ipad offers from idiotic accounts out here making my hell	disgust
	waiting for the campus escort for over an hour is unacceptable we're tired and need sleep vcu get your act together  	anger
	How could ANYONE dislike Bob Dylan's Christmas album? Must Be Santa is bring me so much today Tis the season to be jolly!	joy
	Good thing he has a key to every unit in this building  	fear
	A Classic its up there with All Quiet OTWF! Books of this quality inspired M Foot's Military Intelligence a Contradiction in Terms	fear
	Will Reseda riot after  I win tomorrow?  	fear
	ONE MUST UNDERSTAND WHERE THEY CUM FROM TO ACCEPT THE STRUGGLE TO GET WHERE THEY'RE GOIN! COMES IN THE MORNING	joy
	There is food There is also a larger crowd here than I have ever seen at this time 	fear
	Fear Factor:  can strip your  of any  or even worse cancel them out altogether	fear
	pretty awake for only 4 hours of sleep 	surprise
	I hate public transport I feel so dirty 	disgust
	Who could hurt a baby?! Just heard a little 7 year old was found in a dumpster 	sadness
	Shitt Just realised got another spanish test tomorrow 	joy
	Garacias a ti es seguroo que el clima esta en el alma!! 	fear
	By creating all of this bullshit technology ppl are actually losing basic intelligence 	sadness
	Nothing helps you grieve like a really good screw Especially when it included new surprise toys  a man in an elephant thong 	surprise
	Ik heb met dochterlief een reuzetoffee gemaakt van een heel wit casinobrood Ideaal was zo klaar! 	surprise
	Man united knocked out of champions league! I'm going to cry! 	sadness
	Christmas Music makes December full of  and 	joy
	Elf time! Cosied in front of the tv with proof-reading to be done 	joy
	Lark in the Morning Seattle: closed permanently 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you realize that AmyWinehouse's twitter still works   Uhm it's like kinda creepy 	surprise
	hilda Luna gag bisa gombal lagi Gag ada yg luna gombalin He leave me forever 	sadness
	Y?For a 5a1 turn to successful man talk ?RT lek_ping: Get called from secondary school MrOngHK   	surprise
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	my speakers aren't working right  Sound from the one's coming in and out and it has a static-quality to it - 	sadness
	not the end of the world isn't until next week 	fear
	Love it when i nearly have a car crash cause some fat bitch didnt give right of way an the car skidded an wouldnt stop 	anger
	☼   ☼ THANK YOU for the Twitter-LOVE! =) ☼ Wishing you ALL the BEST and a JOY-filled weekend! ☼ 	joy
	Girls who: stripped for Tyga take part in nashvilles wet tshirt contest are up on the site isanyoneuppure trash 	disgust
	yes so fun babe haha! Monday 2000 words What are you saying And you cutey Nandos is your present just saying 	surprise
	that’s that bullshit RT selenaa_23: Walked into the last day of class to find out there is a quiz 	surprise
	RIP Ryan Dunn You were a gift to this earth and we miss you everyday 	sadness
	Last night kinda made me miss high school 	sadness
	damn just realized that I am not going to be able to watch half the hockey game tonight 	sadness
	yeah haha how's all the uni stuff going? Tottenham are gonna come third we boss things! You watching  adebayor 	joy
	Insanely crazy day at work and tonight I get to watch my ex's band 	joy
	I want Trent Coles' head on a pike with his tiny balls hanging out of his mouth Fucker    	anger
	If the whole world is against me but  be for me I still have the majority! FEAR NOT     	joy
	Anna Kooiman leaving   Excuse me for a second I need to collect my thoughts 	sadness
	A vrai dire cette journée est un peu spéciale pour moi je ne prend pas le taxi à 10h pour rien 	surprise
	Hmm If only I knew what me and are doing for our date tonight  lol 30 minutes left! =]	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Oh holidays with the familyhow joyous it is to hear my father throw fits because the christmas lights aren't doing what he wants 	joy
	ils se lache la woooo ils deconnent moi jvais les remettres dans le droit chemin a MA facon 	surprise
	Damn! Loved that place too! RT GailSimone: Check Newschangeorg for the full scoop on Chick-fil-a's homophobic official stance	sadness
	jajajaja maldita seas Yo me quedo aquí con mi amigo Pert(que se quiere acostar conmigo) Nos veremos en contabilidad?	surprise
	No car and years of over protective parents have caused me to become severely socially handicapped as a young adult 	sadness
	My knuckle hurts so damn bad I need to control my 	anger
	Ain't had this type of IN A WHILE Guess Who's Back!	anger
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	not gone lie i thought unc had a chance to go undefeated or at least only lose to duke!  	surprise
	Why do I feel like I've lost all my friends:?:-/ 	sadness
	you know people that say I want this under my X-mas tree  post a picture of a celebrity? Just get a cardboard cutout of them 	surprise
	Waking up this early to study for my 11am final on a saturday? 	joy
	Our cheer uniforms are so flippen ugly  we get to wear them to school tomorrow 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	My better half's sooooo far away I only have his shirt to hug  	sadness
	publix charged me twice for the apples I gotsecond time this has happened going to get my money back  run other errands 	joy
	At this very moment in history nothing important has happened and nothing ever will 	sadness
	Turns out fish man was about 20 stone overweight 	surprise
	not ever having a beautiful marriage that last a lifetime	fear
	Listening to Drake  thats my first time hearing that line :/	fear
	The sprouts I got for lunch came with roasted chickpeas I wasn't going to eat them but then I had one - turns out - macadamias! 	surprise
	Tenn and Ole Miss declined to play SC next year 	fear
	walked into my boss' office to ask a question and got a wendy's burger 	surprise
	people just don't know when they've crossed a line Two people have died in those shootings How is that funny? 	disgust
	I had a dream that a lamp was trying to kill me Hence why I lamps	fear
	LOLOLOL!!!! RT 1st_ClassAct: My grandmother won't let me step foot in the kitchen 	sadness
	Sad day just got denied indoor  ruined my life for the next like 2 weeks	sadness
	 decide for my own's sake i mean i have the freedom to choose you know  	sadness
	Oh god I just got a papercut and now I'm afraid to stretch my hand in any way that could make it worse 	sadness
	ja hoe is het met je? en heel veel beterschap lief ik wil je maandag wel bij sinterklaasfeest hebben he?!  	surprise
	Paraît que si tu mets le hashtag  dans un tweet un agent de la CIA reçoit une notification par email  	fear
	Ya tengo en mi poder las entradas xa el concierto en de me voy con Anakanale Descontado los días 	joy
	Christmas lights? Check! :) now its time to decorate inside 	joy
	Coursework rain darkness lame 	sadness
	When all food seems tastelessand stomach growls at each breath so ur left with no choice but to take it all in	disgust
	they had songs about me in middle school and elementary the names they called me still hurt to this day 	sadness
	clear your head by escaping the nonsensical interpretations return to life and live the day again   	sadness
	Long day filled with unfinished math homework ahead of me 	joy
	SCREW YOU ONTARIO COLLEGES SITE!! YES I KNOW ANOTHER PERSON BY MY NAME HAS MY ACCOUNT THAT PERSON IS ME!! LET ME SIGN IN AND APPLY! 	anger
	colby is drunk and pulled an all nighter  and hes got a test in an hour 	surprise
	David Iche in 3 days Amsterdam tomorrow :') 	joy
	Just found out my first supervisor (after college) passed away last year  I wish I'd known  He was such a cool dude  	sadness
	Well got to say WHP manchester didn't disappoint  special weekend for the boyfriends birthday 	surprise
	would HAVE!! RT Who would of thought getting 4 new tyres for my car could be more of a challenge! 	joy
	Just stuck my hand in a pocket of a backpack I haven't used in over a year  found some rocks I picked up when I was in Petra Jordan 	joy
	Going to cry over not going to bristol gig this week but instead revise for history 	joy
	Well I just cut Jay Cutler from my fantasy team 	sadness
	I haven't been able to tweet much because Twitter is being a bitch and not loading right 	anger
	Santa Clause isn't real some people think cucumbers taste better pickled  OJ did that shit 	surprise
	I don't dare to meet up with people anymore after today 	fear
	There are only 2 emotions that humankind experience  Other emotions branch either directly or indirectly from these 2 emotions	fear
	I am scared that although I turn my phone to silent it will still go off in class :s 	fear
	Did you bust out some beautiful rose clothing for Gaudete Sunday?   	joy
	Screaming children in this waiting room 	joy
	bahahahaha so many things i could say RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	MishaMisha you are a fucking cunt your born a cunt you'll die a cunt you are a fucking cunt 	anger
	is waking up and realising your not as hangover as you thought you would be and running a fast 12km even found my 	joy
	Sitting in class looking down on my hands nail polish looking shabby 	sadness
	All day long  I feel so sad and at the same time inspired - my 	sadness
	They're such drama queens Don't have to worry about shit They're just using it to bring attention to themselves 	surprise
	back on the internet no such thing as writing essays	surprise
	ucabanga ukuthi kuse thekwini la? This is Wits Kid slaps lecturer during an exam n not a single laf out loud 	sadness
	My Rocky Horror poster just fell off of my door ): 	sadness
	 I eat my daily advent calendar  ) 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	School today Actually excited (:	surprise
	Going to New York City for the first time with and Friday! What an awesome 	surprise
	“iBall_LikeNike: A woman worth some effort is certainly worth the effort”I think Yu lookin for lol	anger
	Can't sleep yet again someone text me and keep me company :)	surprise
	 Peter Broderick Music for Confluence (album) 	joy
	i am hoping my daddy will forget that im staying home for his bday :)) 	surprise
	My lil brother just called my hubby a dirty red head 	sadness
	 hate when people spit while their talking to you 	disgust
	That unfortunate moment when you remember a favorite shirt of yours and have no idea where it went 	sadness
	so i thought about the past and i thought of you and i started to cry because maybe i do still miss you and want you in my life 	sadness
	they don t even bother to pretend bla men fed7ohoom fed7o ryooshom  making place for 	sadness
	making a birthday cake for my mommmy 3 	surprise
	i my boy is headed to walmart to make his fist beer run  guess who is sober tonight 	surprise
	End of finals plus a hilarious night of Asian karaoke kathBthomas	joy
	The start of active reading notes begins today 	joy
	If I could live the rest of my life in a hug I would 	joy
	im glad can laugh at his no one else is laughing wait everyone is 	sadness
	onze ijskoning wordt zo geschminktc- de deur open van 2100 tot 0400 uur - zelfs na  hebben we nog een 	surprise
	The only thing that keeps me going at work is imagining making a huge scene and walking the hell out management	anger
	I don't think there's enough time in the world for me to get good enough 	sadness
	The awkward moment when you wake up at 8 to find out your traveling in less that an hour :( 	sadness
	I just need four eggs! I guess there won't be any crepes today 	sadness
	When a society begins to think separately one from the other it is the beginning of the end of civilization   	fear
	my twitter is not working at work 	sadness
	Sandwichmaking me a sandwich Alone :'( 	sadness
	Lost all my makeup  capp interviews today getting sick 	joy
	You know that's awesome! I've dedicated my life to the better understanding of What's Up Down There!   :-)	joy
	Someone will make his return on WWE RAW Wait And See its a 	surprise
	I think I'm scared of what the future holds I was wishing for some things and now am used to those 	fear
	 your memory decides to erase itself and all your finals 	anger
	The Lord is my light  salvation-Whom shall I fear? is Not an option! !	fear
	Buddy the elf what's your favourite colour?  	joy
	Sneezing an simultaneously farting 	fear
	The seed of suffering in you may be strong but don't wait until you have no more suffering before allowing happiness by T Nhat Hanh 	joy
	Those games hurt the worst  	sadness
	Fruit of the Spirit is         control Is your fruit showing?	joy
	Apparently shoes do not fly if you throw them out of a moving vehicle 	surprise
	Had to register online with games workshop not sure if i unticked the send me a newsletter box 	joy
	That awkward moment when you get into a stranger's van and there isn't any candy  	sadness
	U drink pickle juice like water RT dani_boii: Mhmmmm :) hahaha & laureeetah: Pickles  mayo 	disgust
	Screw work screw winter I wish it was summer already 	sadness
	i was married 30 years and my wife surprised me by leaving 	surprise
	My dad made a campfire We have chocolate and grahmcrackers but no marshmallowswhat even is this /33 	sadness
	Conquer your and you conquer what's keeping you from fulfilling your purpose in this  	fear
	Gorobag oom watiRT zozemandolang: nampak ada yang baru warna item di garasi *tutup mata dulu* 	surprise
	ok i still cant find my car max building up	anger
	Just laid down and realized I didn't brush my teeth all day but too tired to do it now	disgust
	it's eightttt thirtyyyy Mrs Mac talked to me this morning  	fear
	It turns out that underneath is   and underneath  is   can you feel it?	anger
	Not walkin up stairs because you're afraid to trip going up 	fear
	I'm gonna keep it honest I'm so tired of being subtle 	fear
	Think I best get some sleep I've got 'Killer Tuesday' tomorrow 	joy
	Just what I wanted to do this afternoon - Hoover up a whole packet of rice from the lounge floor 	joy
	I feel like my twitter friends dont really like me anymore 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”Agreed	fear
	I think I'm becoming lactose intolerant Tummy been grumbling since pizza hut last night 	sadness
	I hate traveling About to me on a wonderful four hour flight that only gets me to LA 	joy
	So excited about the growth in my friend  Brother Pastor Soto The Holy Spirit is on this kid! 	joy
	Remember that time I walked into guitar center and walked out with a guitar? 	surprise
	There are 4 different types of anger – Lightning Tornado Flood and Volcano     	anger
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	And mom thinks I have the flu So I may or may not show up later 	sadness
	First day of work tomorrow	joy
	Murielle Scherre en La fille d'O on stage 	joy
	Will you backdate city badges soon? I did my massive Europe tour with check-ins last year 	sadness
	I don't know I feel I like that tweet :) nice to be awful sometimes :) mention me babe suck it out :) my :)haha	sadness
	False evidence appearing real 	fear
	 Ur listening to music on ur shuffle and all the songs playing are Adele-like songs 	sadness
	How do you just lose jeans?!? I have been unsuccessfully searching for one of my pairs of jeans for like 3 months!! 	sadness
	DONT PUT VERIFIED IN YOUR NAME IF YOU ONLY HAVE 200 FOLLOWERS YOU ARE NOT VERIFIED NOR WILL YOU EVER BE 	anger
	Im so bored in this class that im actually counting the dandruff on this boys head im getting him shampoo for christmas lol	disgust
	A tad bit sad that this is my last poetry class with these crazy folks Who woulda thunk it?  	surprise
	awww is finally a big girl ) 	surprise
	i think its interesting why this news is not on any major tvjournal today!  	fear
	“ok i still cant find my car max building up”	anger
	Oh my that's what I want! Don't know if I can justify driving 45 min for wrapping paper though 	sadness
	Just saw a commercial for something called Forever Lazy which is essentially a snuggie one-piece sweatsuit Jesus  	disgust
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	the only clue is: with spoke about it n giggled before  Even if u guess I aint telling anyway 	surprise
	Morning!! Sewing class on deck n then I get to kick it with BQueenston!! 	joy
	Services are robbing bastards Have you got free WiFi? Costa guy yeah should just pick it up automatically Doesn't work 	surprise
	 heyy maria can u pass the potatoes and i got a tattoo! 	surprise
	sad thing is yoway is next door n i havent even gone yet 	sadness
	Oh and off to work till midnight --	joy
	YAYY!!! way to go Foh Foh!!!:))) gosh i miss you so much!!! I'm def coming to visit you someday!!!!	sadness
	Why does walmart have 20+ registers yet less than half are open on a daily basis? 	anger
	 Wow more  already!? I absolutely didn't expect that to happen! Thanks for sharing!  	surprise
	3 RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Typing this 12 page paper 	joy
	Break! If you could be anywhere on Earth what would be the best? What would it feel like to be there right now? 	joy
	My momz on her way over my mema house (thats where I am at) she has no clue im home! Lmao 	surprise
	Found 2 rolls of film to develop but have no idea what pictures I took 	surprise
	je n'ai pas dis que c'était beau J'imagine dans 10ans 	fear
	Van twitter af eerst  zo en dan Gezellig!!	surprise
	Pentheraphobia- the fear of mother-in-laws a that any married man should have	fear
	_is having the luxury to contemplate while the vast majority of the people on earth can not	sadness
	I'm a Chargers fan but I'm already looking forward to next year 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	So it turns out that wearing a playsuit + tights = really not being able to go to the loo impromptu 	surprise
	when my little brothers friends ovoo him and I answer LLS 	surprise
	Why wont my 2nd video upload!!!!!!! :( maybe tomorrow 	sadness
	Laughter is a powerful way to tap positive emotions 	joy
	Nog even snel leren en dan klaarmaken en dan naar dansen 	surprise
	Never knew HARVARD college Basketball would be Ranked in top 25 big 	surprise
	If you're not happy single you won't be happy taken  	joy
	Een dezer dagen maar eens aan die beginnen En aan de bijbehorende     	surprise
	Daniel Tosh live Excited but not as much as Evan 	surprise
	c bizarre j'ose même pas dire pas cap lol caroo59	fear
	It's good to be aware that a certain amount of is going to accompany every change in your life - change for worse or better	fear
	Yeah is klaar Nu nog een gedicht niet mijn sterkste kant	surprise
	I just found out that like 5 of my aunts have twitters and none of them follow me they all follow my sister /3	sadness
	Christmas DJ for Salado Junior High Christmas float 	joy
	F-false E-evidence A-appearing R-real 	fear
	Back in the emergency room 	joy
	Trusten ik zit morgen met m'n neus bovenop de pica's en de rest	surprise
	just found out thursday are breaking up  thrice are going on hiatus | will make out with everyone tonight  cry sneaky dee's | 	sadness
	Me hungry and mi too lazy fi go downstairs fi food! 	sadness
	Vou fazer um inception no Mario e fazer ele abrir uma RT rhamses: bora abrir uma? 	anger
	Saw a Poster on a rickshaw today: Bharat se rishta kya nafrat ka inteqaam ka! 	sadness
	I have to wear my glasses today :( no contacts for 24hrs 	joy
	I think for every hot cup of coffee you buy you should buy one for that person standing on the street outside shivering  Just sayin 	joy
	I love surprise bday parties! Doing last minute stuff before the birthday boy gets here 	surprise
	Man I think it was dope as hell to see Suh Smash that dudes head into the ground a few times and Curb stomp him show enough the 	fear
	TO CELEBRATE OUR LAUNCH WE HAVE A SNEAKY UP OUR SLEEVE 250 COPIES OF A SURPRISEWE WILL REVEAL ALL SOON 	surprise
	Bitch if ur forcing me 2 be somewhere don't expect me 2 be happy!! :/ 	anger
	The only bad part about this day is that I broke a string 	sadness
	Thuis en al gegeten nu ff maakhuiswerk maken en dan naar dorp 	surprise
	Omg my phone is being sooo slow hat everyone decides to send me hella texts and i just set it down because i dont wanna THROW it! 	anger
	hey coachy ma coachy  are ya allrite? :) Hope you have a fabolous thursday! :)   and xoxoxo	joy
	Also I was super close to buying a foosball table because it was such a good deal But I don't have anywhere to keep it 	sadness
	But straightway Jesus spake unto them saying  Be of good cheer  it is I be not afraid Matthew 14:27 	fear
	yup he got assist for goal It should be alright I think It will be very obvious if it doesn't work out for me lol	anger
	thanks amazing how quickly the time flew we were just approved as an adoptive family less than a year ago  	joy
	Out with the mom dinner then off to c a broadway showshhhhhh the show is a ♥Happy Bday again mommy	surprise
	Viendo a en   con wow !! Yo crei saber todo de   y oh )	surprise
	Yay for another shitty day today 	joy
	Got crap load of junk I think my feel are swollen 	joy
	Okey Het is nog steeds een wiite doos Hahahaha  nee dit is echt erg Pfff morgen moet ik 'm ECHT afmaken!! equals !	surprise
	Goodbye  you will be missed  Enjoy your life of being subjected to playing DVDs  	sadness
	Every day in the hall i try not to beat the fuck out of bitches who walk by me 	anger
	Thinking moods suck 	sadness
	try's to turn it out in a bathro during a commercial at a steelers bar There is now a huge line 	surprise
	2 days! The excitement is killing meeeeeee 	surprise
	You find me whispering lil saint nick Lil saint nick to myself today  	joy
	early travel game   now goin to patriots game 	surprise
	really tempted 2 unleash myself against city fans on twitter I don't think I would stop myself though end up kicked off twitter 	anger
	Ryan farted and it sounded like a motorcycle drove by Ewww! 	disgust
	When you work for something for ages and you don't get it then someone else gets it handed to them on a plate 	anger
	I said no to the same boy like 5 times last night! 	sadness
	Muy excited to finally get some sleep Round two of baby watching tomorrow morning 	joy
	Damn I ain't drive my Car all Day  	surprise
	guess its time to take care of my drunk boyfriend ? nope	surprise
	Boy u have turn into such a fuking mess it aint even funny now 	disgust
	 is the of phobias or the fear of fear A person with Phobophobia is mortified of developing a  	fear
	You can't  and at the same time Choose love ~JG	fear
	I wonder how and what a person feels before they enter into eternal rest?!  ?? Rest Easy Mother Francis Overton	joy
	Drinking tonight doesn't really help my knee Just makes me forget Until I try walking 	surprise
	This little girl's death in Canton GA just broke up my Christmas bubble a little There really are monsters in this world 	sadness
	wait until Pierce Bassett sees my johns hopkins goalie gloves 	surprise
	You would think by now they would of controlled the smoke problem in the bathrooms Butttt they haven't 	surprise
	Setting My Alarm On For Tomorrow  	joy
	is slowly slipping back into depression :( 	sadness
	What??? Ain't no mo wine???? Jesus Pass the water please We thirsty 	joy
	Thanks for choosing my message as yesterday's winner :D So chuffed! xx	joy
	Decided I'm moving to Boulder Colorado :) TessaWood1	surprise
	smh wus wrong wit niggas these days a  that  to another  does it out of in my eyes smh lot of niggas lie to me	fear
	PITBULL JOINED THE HALF TIME SHOW 	surprise
	The Gospel: He is making all things new  	joy
	Lunch was with the Sullivan side of the family now to supper with the Hutchinson side 	joy
	Mayday Parade and traffic school is what I'll be doing tonight Tickets are way lame	joy
	 season is coming and we have a in store for you stay tunes for updates!	surprise
	I wouldn't be either if I were youRT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Having lunch with and he just got confirmation that he has passed ALL his modules thus he has completed his degree 	joy
	good name make someone  josh or he needs it soo bad	sadness
	Ah mais alors ce n'est pas pour eux que le Telethon se réunit ? 	surprise
	Zoon heeft een super gave gemaakt Mag 'm alleen niet op Twitter zetten Zijn reden? 'Anders is het toch geen surprise meer!!'	surprise
	being really excited for plans on a friday then they don't work out 	sadness
	I'm mad at how you made  thang'll  a word! Lmfao RT TJ_TheFlyOne:   n da same thang'll tak yu a long way	fear
	You know it's time to get your monthly allowance when your grandparents forgot how to answer the phone  	sadness
	Poor Forest getting in trouble for saving someone kinda how I feel now a days 	sadness
	I love showing up to class and finding out I have a test 	surprise
	Science test dance assessment  history assessment all tomorrow --	joy
	“A woman worth some is certainly worth some ”	anger
	Nem queria ir á escola amanhã Mais terá pro Léo e eu já paguei bora aproveitar o dim dim né	surprise
	sometimes its like i live in a zoo because it is so loud  i actually think im going to miss this zooone week til i move out 	sadness
	Me  no2 son this morning Made a batman mask built a train track  now off to the shop Yogi Bear on DVD later  	surprise
	Since this is the season to give I'm giving God my problems 4 solutions sickness 4 healing insecurity 4 a touch  of HIS garment! 	joy
	This should be a taskwalk down my frozen solid ice stairs to get to my car! 	joy
	Apparently my english teacher his frnds watch kids movie sing along once a week to remind them of there childhood  	sadness
	Ok I'm done for real only 30% of niggas circumcised anyway!! Dick be hard and still got saggy skin 	disgust
	Happy birthday mom!! I'm home 	surprise
	Actually it seems that anytime I am laughing and enjoying myself the time passes whay to quickly   	joy
	Just had to give a police statement 	joy
	Nog wat afmaken voor werk want morgen verplichte vrije dag  gekregen van mijn lieffie 	surprise
	oh NICE Also I didn't tell you Guess who might try legally blonde auditions  	surprise
	My fan sounds like it's gonna fall off the ceiling 	joy
	An fb notification at 4:15 in the afternoon with no previous statuses or wall posts made deff gonna be a club invite 	joy
	Did you know that it says Do not fear  365 times in the bible God wants us to trust him and love him  	fear
	Supernatural time!!! What do you fear??    	fear
	harry potter weekend is coming to an end 	sadness
	I miss Ben Reyer a lot I saw him last weekend I  	sadness
	Pray continuously kiss slowly laugh obnoxiously live honestly forgive quickly and have love for everything  	joy
	i was so heart-broken when you looked back down in 	disgust
	ewwwwe McDonald's is soooo I'm so anti McDonald's and they're to expensive and don't even fill u up 	disgust
	I am so pissed off with work today that if I had a gun right now I'd go on a killing spree and then shoot myself 	anger
	S/o to 's reaction to his surprise party  	surprise
	im so tired! XP its not even midnight yet:'( 	sadness
	It is necessary for me to watch Elf right now too bad it got deleted off DVR 	sadness
	Why do I have to leave my family  live alone !! &  	sadness
	if i am not peri i wish i could be a butterfly :) fly high and high and give people joy and happiness :)    	joy
	Crazy STUPID love  	sadness
	I know :( I'm quite sad :'( I waved goodbye along with about 10 others :L they better fucking accept my friend request :L 	sadness
	 ahahah i hate cornetto choco lava :)  memory lane 	sadness
	I see the patent on 'angry birds' finally ended Now we have 'angry chickens' for everyone to get addicted to 	joy
	New Christmas music book? My favoriteeeee! 	surprise
	Christian means Christ-like  Jesus presented the up-side of what sinners wanted to be vs the down-side of what they weren't! 	joy
	Remember when Mark Wahlberg fingered Reese on the roller coaster in that movie?!  	fear
	soAmazing_jalyn: IVE BEEN MISSING THE EDD ED AND EDDY MOVIE THIS WHOLE TIME !!   It On ??	anger
	it's from the color workshop that  name sounds vaguely familiar to me! Btw I miss ur tutorials boo! lol	sadness
	You can't lead people who don't have love for you It only seems like they following because of 	fear
	Today is December sir And it's cold 	sadness
	That awkward moment where your not wearing a bra and your whole fam decides to visit 	surprise
	Have a dream your breath smells really bad wake up with cat throw up on your pillow 	surprise
	No offense to any cigarettes smokers but honestly i don't get it It does nothing but harm to you its gross and everywhere on campus 	disgust
	pour le lol j'ai eu un client ou un interlocuteur portait ce nom 	fear
	Another long day and another tomorrow 	joy
	Asked a kid how old he thought I was his answer: 25 thank goodness I got my lancome stuffs!  	sadness
	3 friends los tin one week 	joy
	God got the most amazing pair of shoes ever today! My feet are going to be fucked up by the time I'm 20 	joy
	Great night with and others that have no twitter account for 's bday! 	surprise
	Lab Final tomorrow 	joy
	“Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort” ~  ~ Franklin D Roosevelt	joy
	we gonna c wen I walk down dat aisle 	surprise
	You know you're scared when you have every single light on in your apartment  don't even notice it! 	fear
	For me match of the night was  vs  Knew it could be great but they blew me away  	fear
	La requérante ( fort accent africain) :non mais moi je l'ai suwpwis au lit avec une autwe femme et moi je suis un homme comme vous 	fear
	Ewww that girl next to me was one of them spit when she talk kinda bitches Ughh they be the worst ones 	disgust
	I did read that kimberly mcCullough was leaving the show in January does this mean they're going to make Robin die?   	sadness
	And one violent emotional breakdown later looks like it's back to the studying I feel like such an angsty teenager  	sadness
	 ron cola brugal colaron fanta naranjacambio alcohol por palomitas de maiz jejejeeje!! muacks os quiero 	surprise
	bortzmeyer: Au contraire vu que la redevance s'applique au contenu obtenu légalement faut l'augmenter 	fear
	My sister jus rolled up in a brand new Infiniti lol 	surprise
	They expect anger rage and jealousy Give them kindness stay clam and watch them burn in flames :)&   	anger
	I'm thinking of wrapping myself up in Xmas paper and mailing myself to Florida this year 	surprise
	Is at Ready to see rock this party GO ROCKNES!!! 	fear
	Time to put up christmas lights In the cold 	joy
	Corporate religious and government agencies do not want you to feel free They don't want you to get comfortable and enjoy yourself 	fear
	mental if it's ur first time dinnae sit near half way that's where the ultra's sit It's always  	surprise
	leaving camp today 	sadness
	Long day and i still have another class! 	sadness
	She was gorgeous but that bitch was cuuuuhrazy son 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Just when you think the storms over and you're going to be okay a foking tornado whips outta no where and foks you up worse than before 	joy
	aaaand the lawnmowers loud enough to be heard in the next county are back 	joy
	My house area is flooded like a swallow pool :/ 	joy
	Why even bother looking presentable today? I have one 50 minute class 	joy
	wish I could grow a good looking beard 	sadness
	Need sleep! Why can't i sleep?! Channeling thoughts of bio in high school to make this happen 	anger
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	the awkward moment when victoria's secret isnt saying what their sale is gonna be --	anger
	A talk with my mum made me realise how afraid and unprepared I am for my future 	fear
	Ugh cars scare the shit out of me 	fear
	Dog food doesn't taste like food at all! 	surprise
	I slid gracefully But my toe isn't going back into place so easily !	surprise
	There is NO of any goon of any rich pastor that enters me Nor shall any one of them bring harm to my doorstep -- In the name of Jesus	fear
	Chapter 14 of Mockingjay Thoughts: I want to give Peeta Mellark a big hug For as long as it takes 	sadness
	Memory is sooo  sweet she's singing to Izzy while I relax	joy
	My lil sister got the worst attitude an quickest tempermanagement	anger
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Yep I was a little chunder monkey in work yesterday! And I had to stay till 9 to do the sales 	joy
	I'd actually love if Apple made their fucking iPods work for once   	anger
	I think i might bring back my temper 	anger
	Pakjes avond kan beginnen staat klaar rijm is af! Zo lekker met z'n alle eten en dan heel de avond cadeautjes uitpakken!	surprise
	en er komt ook een nieuwe cd 	joy
	Don't waste your day being busyMake sure you're productive by doing the things you don't want to do first  	fear
	You know you're having a shitty day when your profile picture stops moving 	sadness
	I was hardly a km away when d incident happenedCant get over it!Calcutta didnt learn anything even after d Stephen Court episode 	disgust
	any idea how to transform anger about someone's helplessness into something positive? 	anger
	The world could be ending and ill still smile from ear to ear 	joy
	Heading 2 d gym got 2 work off some 	anger
	Headache :/  can't wait to sleep in	sadness
	Deeply Inspiring! RT CNN: RT CNNHeroes: “elizadushku: Forgot to bring tissues to  tonight!   ”	joy
	Are you afraid of something? Read Isaiah 41:13 Don’t be afraid Take the LORD our God by the hand and let Him help you  	fear
	Dang called him ten times can't wake him up 	sadness
	t es une machine je ne sais pas comment t as fais 	surprise
	Deliquentes no rioq-tip em sampae eu sem grana em bhfeelings	sadness
	trying to reply your tweet but phone is dumb clicked many buttons for nothing 	sadness
	Bought some Christmas crackers for the first time!  What's in them usually?  	surprise
	First order of busines today: stop walking around like this and put on some pants Ah the simple s in life	joy
	Been scared of height my whole life dont think that will ever change 	fear
	MoDivineLuv Good Morning Your all happy this morning wanting to dance 	joy
	Great  session with my mom She did amazing for her first time!! 	surprise
	In your do not : do not let the sun go down while you are still angry and DO NOT GIVE THE  A FOOTHOLD Ephesians 4:26	anger
	I get an unexplainable from giving  helping someone realize their greatness! Try it  get back to me with your results!	joy
	Cannot believe ollies home! After 5 months to knock on our door as if he'd never been anywhere !!! :D	surprise
	Apparently it is possible to have too much ice cream :( 	sadness
	*imagine* at night you are in a motel bathroom taking a shower suddenly you see a snake on the door then blackout what do u do? 	fear
	After over a week at the Grandparents putting up Crimbo decs am exhausted it's pissing it down and it's back to work tomorrow 	joy
	Didn't buy anything on black friday or cyber monday 	sadness
	lol a day in the life of a ryerson student haha its funny if your walking with some1 from out of town 	surprise
	there is a mob outside my door trying to catch the squirrel they let into the building  	joy
	Break! Whatever your challenge imagine it's over Everything worked perfectly Feel the release 	joy
	just got my son beats by Dre Headphones for xmas he gonna be so shocked when he opens them up since he thinks he wont get them 	surprise
	Wow that's a long ass time!RT murphylee: Y? i been one since 98 RT CrazeLegs07: You're a vegan?? 	surprise
	Ho dan ben je bezig geweest met papier-maché en kan je niks meer doen omdat het eerst moet drogen :(  	surprise
	NOOOOO I WAS SUPPOSED TO SEND THE LETTERS ON FRIDAY NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 	sadness
	Kinda upset didn't hit 120 this trip 	fear
	girl you know I will! Lazy night in the chapter room without you 	sadness
	4 more hours? It seem like I already put in a 8 hour day :-( 	sadness
	I usually wear them when I'm at school because I like to sleep without pants on )	surprise
	I made my sisters wrap their own presents once  	surprise
	Not going to black Friday this year! 	sadness
	I LOVE reading about the ! It puts a humongous smile on my face 	joy
	ben echt benieuwd hoe de mensen reageren op de geweldige gedichten van en mij 	surprise
	Why does  employ AlecBaldwin? Guilty of child abuse! A   of self-centered consumption  	anger
	Missed island of misfit toys 	sadness
	Went to a park in Bolton earlier that blew my mind Also found out that Bolton is the biggest town in western europe Decent place 	surprise
	Excellent game so far against first place penguins Henrik lundvquist throwing punches 	surprise
	I don't fear death Death is easy But what if you do something that could kill you and you just end up in extreme pain? 	fear
	just to let you know gratuity is not included in the groupon price oh it's not?? ummmm when is gratuity included in ANYTHING!? 	anger
	last time Stefanie ran off  with the wrk What happened to her history I can't wait to catch'em slipping 	surprise
	is a crazy ass fucking movie I googled what happens and its still fucking crazy	fear
	Kinda feel empty cause im not going to fire and ice today 	sadness
	A la pause Créteil perd contre Villers-Outreaux (District) en Coupe de France (1-0)   	surprise
	The apt is xmas ready Can't wait for my mom to come home :) 	surprise
	Going to work feeling sick 	joy
	Another household  project in the can is a great  	anger
	I miss your pretty face 	sadness
	Bring back factor?!?	fear
	Lekker op de bank maar eens begin maken van rijm 	surprise
	get ready for my random  tomorrow! 	surprise
	in auto with and grt b frobe not the same without =[ i miss you buddy 	sadness
	thanks for the coupon mom just reminding me no zoo lights for me this year 	sadness
	This BCS show is like the NCAAB Tourney selection show Except after announcing the teams all but 2 are immediately eliminated 	sadness
	Goal for today: no complaining Today I choose 	joy
	videoBB a coupé au moment ou Ted a dit à la fin But there was one thin Robin never was or something 	sadness
	Bummed If I'm lucky will be out of work by midnight :( 	sadness
	lol absolutely  but you and I are of that ilk  many need the details   	fear
	has finally run out of that invincible hair gel 	sadness
	walking back in my room and forgetting i decorated it 3 	surprise
	Now Albert can eliminate the American league 	sadness
	Jordy Nelson has 'white receiver syndrome' Everybody thinks he's big and slow 	surprise
	I love it when your rushing to come home thinking that your mom is going to be mad but she ends up not  	anger
	you shouldn't domestic drones anyway who ever heard of a drone attacking the wrong target? no one ever that's who	fear
	Ep 09 de tahm foi bom mais estou louco para ver Management o novo show do nosso  mal posso esperar	anger
	Woot! Woot! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	think im getting out of work at 8ima go to the gym and work out till my biceps rip:p  	anger
	I do not like these days of overwhelming dread 	fear
	Sitting in on my training session on the new aido platform	joy
	Don't allow your emotions to control you unless they are feelings of God    	joy
	can't go to the game I won't see   I won't meet Miss_MyMom!!!!! :( 	sadness
	FOR EVERY MiNUtE YOU'RE ANGRy yOU lOSE SiXTy SECONdS Of hAPPiNESS 	anger
	 is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is pouredMark 	anger
	Waiting for to finish doing whatever he's doing so we can do something Passing the time by watching Hairspray 	joy
	Eric Besson annonce des pertes importantes pour Areva C'est pas du plutonium qu'ils ont perdu au moins ? 	fear
	Now it's time for a boss evening to begin 	surprise
	served a meal to the homeless organized items for toy/clothing drive and babysat 10 youth while they babysat 10 kids  	joy
	All I know is that I love you and can't go a day without thinking about you So why do you make it so hard to get along with??  	sadness
	Went to Petco saw a kitty she was perfect and beautiful feel in love with her didn't get her Worst day of my life 	sadness
	Like a celebrity death watch I say  48 hours til Rural Meyer and  jointly announce his HC hiring 	surprise
	SUPER grateful for da blessing of 2day  da ones to come Thank You God 4 all u've done!!!!!!!!!! heart of 	joy
	 my Daddi wouldn't let me leave my room the morning of my birthday and cried a million tears thinking he forgot !	surprise
	Just pulled a  w my film lecture homework! Now we are watching the episode where Ellen said she was gay and some Glee episode 	joy
	is just a line in the head and when you cross it you are free	fear
	I can't believe I'm in the library after a night like last night  	surprise
	My wife has just started using twitter  she's telling me who *I* should be following because they are people I need to listen to 	joy
	Well I get to spend an hour at my dead great grandmothers house today 	joy
	What are you afraid of?   I'm developing a list Please contribute! Also would you RT s'il vous plait?	fear
	Well you are lucky I guess    blah blah blah :S	sadness
	EEEEEEWWW!!!!!! That was the nastiest laugh ive eva heard in my life!! Please dont do that again 	disgust
	Attack this day don't let it attack you! Fear knocked Faith answeredNobody was there!! !	fear
	Disappointed to find out my christmas dec's won't be up when I get home 	sadness
	That sad sad moment when you run out of pencil lead while studying calculus Aaaaand you're not near your dorm 	sadness
	I'm about to throw my phone off the eifle tower Need an iPhone 	sadness
	zooh klaar voor vandaag (: nu even opruimen en nog even tv kijken	surprise
	i dn't even get wat actually happeni just felt useless nw	sadness
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions	fear
	Joy of all joys the crisis team are coming 	joy
	May this birthday offer you as much   as you give to all who know you  HappyBirthdayISF	joy
	Still up Never learn although I'm trying to learn Page replacement algorithms 	joy
	Slept for 4 hours and I'm still fucking tired 	joy
	needs to stop getting distracted by Hallmark Movies 	sadness
	Hahahaa awkward moment tonight 	surprise
	BREAKING NEWS OCU!!! SUSAN (Caf/Sudexo employee) IS RETURNING!! 	joy
	-__- Sony Vegas made my entire computer freeze up 	anger
	Apparently my biology teacher wants to crucify me 	joy
	Still not a Twilight fan but I'll watch the next movie 	surprise
	If didn't exist I would run up to you  tell you how much I LOVE YOU !	fear
	But be sure to the Lord and serve him faithfully with all your  consider what great things he has done for you	fear
	Last day as an official  student 	sadness
	that same whale telling a young girl to play with her 	disgust
	the sun is shinning and im stuck inside !!! ahahah :P are you going to come to the festival next week?	joy
	That moment when you've just tinkered with dd and your next boot reads Missing operating system 	fear
	i don't think John Lennon even trended today did he? 	disgust
	Just got  by my galfrend coz i ddnt invite her to my party! How dope!	surprise
	I be on heavy chill mode just bobbin my headthen I just pause  search for another song	sadness
	Tanning then lib and classes for the rest of the evening 	joy
	Is a bag of mess today! 	joy
	Wished I had learned to play steel pan as a kid 	sadness
	My brand new machete needs sharpening after my first shave with it  	sadness
	Wait I GOOOOOOOT MY TICKEEEEETS TO THE COOONCEEEERRRRTTTTTTTTTT  I'm one step closer to the dream 	joy
	Nothing like a 9am dentist appointment to get your day started right 	joy
	Females are so thirty Please get a glass of water  sit TF down U can get up when u called upon 	disgust
	La directrice ce matin vient le ton grave pour parler de ma situation 	fear
	I am so flippin' thankful and absolutely burstin' with that is in my life! I've never been happier! 	joy
	I felt fine this morning blatantly due to still being pissed then my condition rapidly deteriorated  	fear
	Net nog ff een vette remix gemaakt voor Drama stukje met JWZ 	surprise
	 may go on all Night but comes with the Morning ~Psalm 30:5(NLT)	joy
	Fuck my upstairs neighbors My only wish this holiday season is that they suffocate to death They are awful human beings 	anger
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	My entire family is a bunch of liars but good ones at that: has landed a day earlier than expected! smiles ALL over!	surprise
	and just found my black Roxy boots from last year Tots forgot about them Like having new boots 	joy
	“alisaatiree: Getting Bop's for the family ” where's mine??	surprise
	just happenned to me five minutes ago when i was showing my mom a jacket online it sold out 	anger
	another one of your goodies came in the mail the other day!   :)	surprise
	Why do I get the feeling that someone is doing something to screw this up again once I get another chance 	anger
	Ugh I keep wanting to change my display picture but it won't let me! 	sadness
	Mom got me clothes for Christmas man I miss the 	surprise
	Well tomorrows gonna consist of calling companies and shouting about their incompetence 	joy
	Bed time now up in a few hours for 8 hours of college 	joy
	Omg eewdont ever be fatnot cute post a twitpic of u in a bra  a granny thong that doesnt even match!Ughh what guy likes that? 	disgust
	Girls that don't know how to buy proper heels for dresses  	disgust
	Gonna pack and clean so I can leave after my final tomorrow Getting home a day earlier than Tina thinks!! :)	surprise
	Oh good the new Community is a singing episode 	joy
	“Its NOT the You Put in Someone's Heart its that  You Gone Receive !”	fear
	Dancing during Rent rehearsal tonight 	fear
	last email sent - time to head home for yummy curd rice and be back here… 	joy
	yeah my back box has split Need a new one Can't tell ya yet though 	surprise
	Note to self Complaining about things at work always makes it worse! Oh look We got flooded cause a pipe burst! 	joy
	In about 48 hours some of us lucky ones will be frisked by security 	fear
	what and myself have up our sleeves for our parents xmas present is pretty amazing :) 	surprise
	I did see earlier tweets But I've now exposed you as a Brooker-pilfering charlatan   	sadness
	I remember Mitzy dancing around my feet as I hallucinated vividly on some rather nice mushrooms I felt very entwined with her 	sadness
	The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true  -Martha Beck	fear
	* Omnic looks at his 336k link and then looks at * Mercury cuddles his cable modem (=:] 	joy
	I would hope the one is not innately part of most people 	sadness
	Nothing would satisfy me more then to see the light leave his eyes and to know he no longer draws breath 	anger
	Haha very funny sir I got cute feet just too dang cold to rock them out RT flynupee: haha put them dogs up	sadness
	just one thing brings me JOY: seeing my loved ones happy! 	joy
	Some nights I miss you but then I remember all that you put me through then I remember why I hate you 	sadness
	 it took me years to  how to balance my reaction to   now I see my  walking my past road!! 	anger
	Off for a nice quick run in the rain  Well I say nice and I say quick but it will probably be neither of those things   	joy
	i just finished rewriting all my notes 3 times now to start writing new notes an write them 3 times 	joy
	 My Mom - Do you think that case can hold 170 pounds on it? Mom I weigh 135 	sadness
	What's up with blue xmas lights? 	disgust
	Big brother woke me up from my nap :) 	surprise
	kurisupii:  congratulations you win nothing  i win the satisfaction of being smarter than all of you  	surprise
	you may think I'm a bitch but atleast I have an opinion and a personality 	anger
	1:34am I'm going to start packing for my trip to Orlando today to see later when I open my suitcase it'll be a 	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	nu nog even de laatste piekfijne puntjes aan mn surprise verbeteren zodat ie perfect is en dan ben ik alweer klaar! 	surprise
	just found both of my white camis that have been missing forever in hanna's closet 	surprise
	It's sad u know when two people break up when both their profile pics change 	sadness
	 pour moi car je n'ai pas beaucoup de followers :'(   	sadness
	Played Skyrim for first time since patch horrible framerate I suspect is caused by their dual core optimisations 	sadness
	Some say  was brilliant perhaps but   always seek the lowest common denominator   	fear
	hope you have a good break I didn't get to tell you bye today 	sadness
	I feel that is deadly because it is parasitic is consumes its host only because the host allows it to It's like a voluntary cancer	anger
	changing my lifestylethink imma add more  and a little less the father loves me its my turn to give hime sum luv RT  	anger
	I not fine I guess its time to be alone Away 	sadness
	I wish she would just relax with things and trust me! 	sadness
	Get in my vehicle to find satellite radio hooked up thanks momma  poppa! 	surprise
	I want leftover turkey but I'm not allowed to eat 	sadness
	Going to my home country to spend Christmas with my family and friends after not seeing them for a looong time 	joy
	these next two days of work is going to suck Going in at 8 and then 645 in the morning 	joy
	Flashbacks from the happy times in the past 	sadness
	This depression is taking a toll on me I don't know what to feel let alone how I feel  	sadness
	Stupid fucking woman on the bus talks to the bus driver every week for ages I wanna get home u stupid dirty old fuck 	anger
	Uh oh!! Misses is home and she's not happy let's defuse this situation with abit of frozen planet and a cuppa 	fear
	Advent:     Are we going to the light or is it coming toward us? Deep thoughts from meeting today	joy
	I can finally watch Glee tomorrow omg 	joy
	Grr Skyrim glitch is causing me to revert to an old save Way old save and 	anger
	Everytime I want to start studying I make up an excuse not to 	joy
	I hate crazy ex's Like for real dude shoot yourself It's been 2 years 	disgust
	it'd actually be kind of cool for a celebrity to follow me but they'd probably get annoyed and unfollow eventually 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you're walking into a building and the wind is so strong outside that you get attacked in the face by a flag 	joy
	Good luck Lenaaaa! RT selenaa_23: Walked into the last day of class to find out there is a quiz 	surprise
	Forced to see my cousins play tonight 	joy
	IDC Marry the Night is easily the best song released this year  	surprise
	thnk i cud listen to music like dis ALL BLOODY DAY! :D 	joy
	Finally made a shirt after always telling him I would 	surprise
	second time going to  second time missing the band i most wanted to see 	sadness
	C'est maintenant confirmé! Nous aurons toute une activité pour la Nuit Blanche de MTLenLumiere! Détails à venir! 	surprise
	On the night of Super Dragon's return to action California will get so see the Dragon's Blood Full Moon Coincidence? Hell no 	fear
	Im strong because Im weakIm beautiful because i knw my flawsim fearless bcos ive been afraid I can laugh because ive known 	sadness
	Isaiah 54:14 “I am far from oppression and fear does not come near me”   	fear
	Im coming to stay with yall next week! 	surprise
	I am taking my x-mas photos today with my family!!!! 	joy
	i think im scared of what the future holds i was wishing for some things an now am used to those 	fear
	Dont believe the liesLook me in my eyesPlease dont be scared of mePlease don't be scared of me 	fear
	yeah true :( then again everytime were home and I wanna hang out you say no 	sadness
	Holding my fucking tongue 	anger
	Very possible that i will be recieving an Iphone 4S for christmas after recieving a text message from verizon congratulating me 	surprise
	was going 2 drive to the docs 2day but i hate driving in the rain so my momma gotta take me	fear
	Back in the UKwhere my lovely housematehas decorated the whole house for Christmas:)house7heaven has never looked better!	joy
	is failure and the forerunner of failure 	fear
	 don't ever piss off a young hot mark wahlberg  	fear
	“KurtSchlichter: How about some napalm? MT keder: Re Newt's answer on Palestine  don't be afraid of the truth	fear
	Solo yo olvido la memory card de mi camara 	sadness
	Wondering if I shouldn't eat anything tomorrow to build the suspense and shock my stomache into a surprise Thanksgiving! Haha !!!	surprise
	The awkward moment when you're on a date and you look down and realize your pants aren't zipped 	surprise
	Wtf is this random acts? Its pointless on for like a minute waste of my tele time 	anger
	Missing Judas Priest's farewell tour in Toronto tonight 	sadness
	At first did not know where article was going but I found  The New Yorker have intriguing way of captivating readers	surprise
	Fuck the majority of people who roam this earth I wanna punch a wall 	anger
	Penn state ice hockey game  	surprise
	Those broads that posted the video of them kicking down a pregnant lady downtown toronto They me  	disgust
	Kimberley qui me dit que ma mère est en train de voir ma prof principale après 1h30 d'attente 	fear
	I don't mind those who disagree with Marijuana legalization I do mind when their arguments are not based in fact  	fear
	People's actions toward you mirror back a reflection of who you really are What Did You Learn Today?	anger
	YOU PUT THAT UKELELE AWAY OR I WILL RIP IT FROM YOUR HANDS AND BEAT YOU DEAD  We are studying you dumb shit!  	anger
	I hope people who go to Columbus and are actually very religious plan on going to a catholic college too cause you in for a 	surprise
	When youre  and scared for so long your and  turn to hate and the  starts to change the world replace hate with 	fear
	Got a lot done on the apartment with today Now I have been stolen away to a hot tub party 	surprise
	robs you of the future by binding you in the present   	fear
	Ugh Can't believe it's bac to school work 	sadness
	 RT Chi_Manni: Chick fil A is not that effin good that it nds 3 drive thrus3??? Really! 	disgust
	I couldnt play a physical sport or i would get into too many fights 	anger
	Worst sore throat ever and now I have to walk to school 	joy
	heard it for the last time today :( 	sadness
	Que rabia en vísperas de la gran fiesta me pongo mala la digo a mi madre que estoy mejor pero no funciona no voy a  :(	joy
	well jeesh where's the fun in me telling you what to buy me? you're supposed to meeee!	surprise
	TRAFFIC IS THE WORST for real i got hit on all ends last night 	anger
	I was hoping for a Thanksgiving miracle of no Gary  Verne Alas my dreams are crushed 	sadness
	I might have a pill dick but that's not going to stop me from busting some asain beavers lips all owa Skegness 	surprise
	Well came and picked up her iPod so my jam session is over 	sadness
	Stoke and PSG have cost me £71 tonight! 	anger
	Yay car charger works now I can watch Netflix for the next 5 hours 	surprise
	:O :O RT ZahiAlyy: Sherry rehman appointed new ambassador to US 	surprise
	Maaaa Dove cazzo sono tutti oggi? Mi sembra di essere in io sono leggenda  	fear
	Joshua! I was! Devon told me she always studied ochem with a joshua but i didn't realize it was you until tuesday! 	surprise
	My house! It magically showed up in my freezer! My ice maker thing doesn't even make that kind of ice!  	surprise
	listening to the Jazzman's workers sing along with the Christmas music 	joy
	I can already feel myself falling asleep :/  i still gotta do this stats homework 	joy
	Today I spent 15minutes getting ready and 15 ranting about my brother eating my advent calender 	anger
	agreed and to top it all off your stag is over:-( terrible Tuesday to look forward to! 	fear
	I swear we're cursed! ♥RT Lulu_Kinzz: One Of Those Heart To Hearts With TeE_LoUche !!! 	sadness
	Logged onto Twitter to a snazzy new setup!! And I am Loving it so far!! 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Stupid stupid stupid 	anger
	Strawberry sorbet bubble bath  I shall smell delightful as I slumber 	joy
	pfff ik haat knutselen-) gelukkig is mijn dochter wel een knutselkind dus die kan het volgend jaar mooi zelf-)) 	surprise
	When EdgarGtzSo's phone dies and you're super duper bored 	sadness
	Yeah true I hate vomiting of mine so definitely sticking to 4! I had 6 today LOL	fear
	Kinds of tears:         Disaster   of God   U?	fear
	Final product of my research paper is dooooooooone Before midnight too 	surprise
	Thissss!!!! :) RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Yo denim stfu this science teacher sucks n you keep dragging on her lesson omfg pleAse shut up shittttt THIS IS SCIENCE NOT SPORTS 	anger
	Why is it SO HARD to get this company to process claims? Utter  complete FAIL   	anger
	I love my cat too and if ou don't kick him or throw shoes at him on a daily basis he likes you too 	anger
	that means I have soccer practice during it 	joy
	Wow Head of Gawker feels like king of the dunghill 	surprise
	 running to it on a starry November night in 2011=Priceless  	joy
	I have to admit I'm looking forward to the return of Factor!	fear
	Je fuis IRC avant que ne me tombe dessus pour avoir fait un mix petit poney + 3615 malife 	fear
	Night tweeps!! Back to school ulit bukas! If you think the worst is over wait for the exam results :)  	fear
	Damn this b ball trip isnt gonna be the same without 	sadness
	I was actually on time to school today 	surprise
	Wish I could tweet what I'm feelingsummary: 	sadness
	Finished writing our story in less than a week Oh well I'll make her wait until the last day of school to give it to her 	surprise
	Cant believe i wasted my time on this game shoulda been asleep 	sadness
	Didn't move my car none today 	surprise
	Fox dehumanizes the  movement much like a military dehumanizes the people of countries it invades  	fear
	Oh and to make my day even better I have double maths 	joy
	Wow Haha er zit nog lijm aan mn vinger! 	surprise
	Yeah day just got worse 	joy
	My back is kind of hurting todaybut its probably just that getting to me	fear
	Went to Victoria's Secret today expecting to have $10 on my gift card but I had $50! lol	surprise
	:) momm paid my car payment for me  didnt tell me !! -merry earlllyyy christmassss to me	surprise
	-'For of taking care of my life and will solve your life that is full of problems 	anger
	smh im really sad the only basketball i have to look forward too is march madness????  	disgust
	The scariest moment is always just before you start— Stephen King&    	fear
	i tweet for 1 hour and twitter jails me for 4 hours   	joy
	thanks meg!  I have PLENTY of that to go around! I wouldn't want to guard me today lol takin out some serious 	anger
	so apparently my parents don't love me enough to buy me what I wanted for nearly sixteen years now a puppy 	anger
	'i love michael buble shame bout him putting on a bit of weight' well you dont love him then do you fake vain fans 	anger
	Sometimes I wish I could have you as more than a friend Each day its harder to just say sup dude Knowing I wanna say more yo	sadness
	well theres no hoodrats over here lol but I like it alot over here ^_^ got my first snow day today!	surprise
	in four flights / two days i will see my brother for the first time in a year time to dye my hair blond and feign schizophrenia 	surprise
	Almost that time of the day to take Danny to class 	joy
	Admirable effort by MSU but they couldn't hold on Fuuuuck  	sadness
	What the fuck is wrong with you people?!! 	disgust
	Came out of my room and Aaron came in and was laying on our couch watching tv waiting for somebody to come into the living room 	surprise
	Dose anyone know any good bands coming somewhere near Boston anytime soonI havent been to a concert in a while 	sadness
	lo bueno:   Factory lo malo: sin  sin  y 1 miserable hr de 	fear
	it's one thing to dream of like a model or something but not of your neighbor  ugh people just me	disgust
	Aids test done! Attempt to look insightful at an international service conferencesuccessful! 	joy
	I don't think I could be less excited for my birthday 	sadness
	That's real though RT OyokiGurl: lol i need some real news in my lifei write lol but i'm really smdh	sadness
	Friday night waiting to go out and Gemma makes me watch eastenders! 	joy
	i have such a cute idea for christmas friday! hope i have time to do it its a :)	surprise
	Home made calzones w the fam Airport in a few hrs Flight is already delayed 	surprise
	zion is awake  and i have yet to finish all that i need to 	joy
	give it two months but if it's like mine prolly a year :/  LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 	joy
	Don't believe the lightslook me in my eyes…please don't be scared of me 	fear
	How can it already be Thanksgiving Break tomorrow night!!! 	sadness
	in one's heart  some laughter on one's lips is a sign that a person down deep has a pretty good grasp of ~Sidey    	joy
	I FUCKING HATE PUBLIC  SCHOOL BATHROOMSSSSS !! Themm shitsss ME !	disgust
	Some keynote speakers did not show up ilness cold feet  	fear
	Read my last Tweet to discover another form of slavery How much more     	fear
	I'm hoping to sleep in tomorrow But that might not happen 	sadness
	Who has two thumbs and won't touch the court tomorrow? This chick 	joy
	Friday  Nope Thursday 	sadness
	Does anyone else get nervous when a member of your household attempts a new recipe?   	fear
	let's stop beating around the bush: if this is what our remote control drones look like SURELY flying saucers are on the way soon 	joy
	Amazing presentation on  students of  on campus   	fear
	Hittin the train back to Toronto from a great weekend in Ottawa with my Sam :( 	sadness
	no matter how much i love her or tweet her will never tweet me back 	sadness
	My boyfriend is Gunna love his Christmas present (: 	surprise
	My dad is hopefully buying me an iPhone today for x-mas 	surprise
	i hate not knowing the road is flooded until i drive into it 	surprise
	haha yes mine said we would have champagne mince pies and a staffroom party afterwards 	joy
	I don't have hair wax to do my hair tomorrow 	sadness
	Ukw I think I'm scared is a beast! Cripples u in the worst type way	fear
	Breaking dawnbetter than i thought 	surprise
	Aw that was a cute Kim and Kris moment 	sadness
	I absolutely hate math! Definitely failed this test 	sadness
	You walk away Everyday it will rain	sadness
	HAHAHAH oh my life that's been on there for yonks LOL oh well :) hahaha funnyyy! Sorry for beig weird hahaaa	surprise
	One more class and case study stand between me and Christmas break I'll be able to sleep in on Saturdays for 4 weeks 	joy
	Aw how cute ^^ RT keepingupw_Liz: dude my parents just came back from a one week vacation  they're still all over eachother 	disgust
	Going out!!! But yet I dnt know where he is taking me he sayOAN: rIp unc Steve your at peace now love yu dearly : - ) *	surprise
	Everyone is Searching For Happiness and Overlooking the Everlasting that God has Placed In Them	joy
	off to work with my fancy duck taped shoes 	joy
	On my way home a day early! Can't wait to scare my parents to death :) 	surprise
	I'm naked upstairs and there's a whole lot of people downstairs )	surprise
	today's the big day!!!!! it's been a good year and a half I'll miss you but you'll make someone else look sexayyyy now )  	surprise
	The Bee Movie on NBC is quite entertaining 	surprise
	knowing that i have to take tests in january brings me LOOL having my family over and getting pressiesa good grade	joy
	Shut the fuck up go hang round with your 9 year old pals jsjsjsbnjdosbsis	anger
	Can't sleepthinking about the past 	sadness
	I didn't know its happening today 2011 Wakepark World Cup in Al Forsan Oh shoot! 	sadness
	Press ups are a good anti toolcalm	anger
	The mechanic was going to let me take it away but then he returned broken brake in hand 	sadness
	I think my friends and family are going to be in for a big in the near future	surprise
	dont things just  what you didnt do and make sure you do them the next time you can	fear
	tht tht comes over u when u walk into a store nd there playing u nd ur ex's song :((	sadness
	“SlApAhOe_TeXaS: == lol WoWOMG “Iam_TPC: Fuck Grambling i bet y'all girls pussys stank”” ---he too salty about this game! lmao	anger
	Just messed up my phone maybe I shouldn't make a dent in the wall with it anymore  	sadness
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	forgot about the no knead dough in the microwave all weekend Time to bake bread on a monday morn'  	surprise
	Dyed my hurrr good thing it turned out 2 shades darker than it was supposed too 	joy
	Knowing you have two essays a test paper and shit loads of reading to do is a great start to the week 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  via TweetCaster	fear
	plays a huge part in our lives It affects many different parts to our being Its crucial we ignore the fear n go on 	fear
	Nu opruimen dikke zooi! Dan beetje aan mijn surprise werken koken met  dan meiden hier 	surprise
	I'm gonna tell my 14 year old sister a bedtime story 	joy
	You know you're becoming a grow up when you finally decide it's time to throw out your jerry and maury buttons 	sadness
	i know i smoke too much cause when i bernie and breathe in it makes a wheeze sound :(  	sadness
	sweet lord is a god  	joy
	Lying in bed and just picked up a my glass and drank out of it I thought it was water and it was cherry coke 	surprise
	one of my favourite past times is waiting in the rain for the number 11 bus 	joy
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	Dome squad 2012 Rude Ronchy Ruthless 	fear
	 being able to give up my pride  surrender to God lol 	joy
	Hate having a lack of friends if someone doesn't take me to see tonight I may go a litle crazy 	anger
	I love how God reveals himself to me in the most unexpected ways  :)	joy
	PS I Love You let the water works begin  	sadness
	Angry people’s perceptions are real to THEM - your opinion is irrelevant      	anger
	when papers are due wayyyy sooner than expected  	surprise
	Helping my mom at the law firm 	joy
	Christmas break! Thank you to everyone who supported loved encouraged and help me through the busiest and best semester of my life! 	joy
	The high schoolers are warming up IN THE HALLWAY  	anger
	656 I fucking hate you why why why would you leave early from the start of the route?!?! 	anger
	Watching foot ball on a sunday afternoon Priceless!  	joy
	My mom just said I need to leave here earlier because it's supposed to snow  Not a morning 	joy
	Oh my god stop talking I'm already late here comes the panic attack   	anger
	Facebook finally beating Twitter in terms of gas TV commentary  	disgust
	NVR GO tO BEd MAd StAY UP  FiGHt LOl 	anger
	Sick of school! Miss my free time and cnt play ball bc of grades 	sadness
	School is making me wanna punch babies!!! :(      	surprise
	If  talk goes in faith talk should come out in and fear normally comes out No surprise just the law of sowing and reaping	fear
	Best thing on tv at the moment  Lions losing to Green Bay  at least some people I know will be quiet this weekend 	joy
	Great day love when my car gets hit 	anger
	I reckon Fatima has battered all the camp-mates whilst shouting Ray Winstone style 'Who's the fucking daddy now?!' 	fear
	Just got home from work six hours ago  I'm already on my way back 	joy
	Don't let the from the past or the fear of the future rob the  of the present	sadness
	It's a shame that there are still no Secret Garden DVDs available here in Japan! Wonder who is holding their hands on a release 	sadness
	wait can we talk about how I have a stick imprint on my shoulder Not lying you can see the laces 	anger
	Going somewhere to get baked chicken then finding out they baked it in gravy   	sadness
	Some people are conditioned to the know What can I do about that? If you want to face me you gon' have to face your fears	fear
	That last sip of Starbucks Breakfast Blend 	sadness
	 I worry about losing people I'm closest to over something stupid 	fear
	My aunt keeps telling me I gained weight smh 	sadness
	don't forget that mexican food recipes originate from Mexico and are dayum tasty 	surprise
	 skating at an ice rink when a cute blonde guy falls on you its :O	surprise
	Got a letter from Cincinnati expecting to be asked where the hell my transcripts areand it was an acceptance letter :) 	surprise
	First drunk person spotted withing 2 minutes of being in the city 	surprise
	The ratio of assholes to available has increased beyone my capability to care 	anger
	lol ok alot of people me but a few  get to know me first then  me then ur fear r valid :)	fear
	Country song been stuck in my head for about 6 hours! (: lol	joy
	Just got back from the store…got me something to sip on for the evening :) 	joy
	Je weet dat hij ook twitter gebruikt he Monique :D En geniet maar lekker van dat wijntje 	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	I'm so jealous of all the people at home :(   	sadness
	Happiness! Dito pa din sa School naghihintay ng CI for 6-2 shift XD     	joy
	Break! In a mountain meadow you see wild horses running free Connect with them  feel the freedom 	joy
	Im such a huge fan of youand yet you don't follow me	sadness
	:O Oh no! Hopefully her son writes some good Dragonrider books I'm a few (probably dozen) behind	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	it's funny how money can change everything 	fear
	Wow  bomb! RT  is stolen by and Hate	anger
	not a good idea to smoke before you narrate and act out a poem in class 	surprise
	Hot chocolateblanket afterrr a long fun but tiring day!!! Ah 	joy
	 :)  RT TheLSnetwork: If money is your only motive I feel sorry for you    	joy
	My cousin is cooking a pig head 	disgust
	Ppl grieve in different waysmine just happen to be 	anger
	Craig Mabbitt is my idol but he ruined Escape The Fate 	sadness
	our greatest is not that we are inadequate but that we are powerful beyond measure	fear
	It's kind of depressing when I keep losing followers 	sadness
	nothing worse then a negative KD ratio 	sadness
	Ready to knock some1 out before 905am today 	joy
	I hope your life is going well in LA You deserve happiness and success I think I've gotten what I deserve 	sadness
	Tristissima news Brandon è stato uno dei miei eroi I Blazers senza Roy non riesco nemmeno ad immaginarmeli 	sadness
	I can say that at the end I actually liked breaking dawn 	surprise
	You're not afraid of the dark you're afraid of what's in it 	fear
	Hot chocolate time! 	joy
	Bought everyones christmas presentsI bought 5 copys of Under the mistletoe Can't wait to see their faces 	surprise
	I get caught off guard when the asians in the library are actually speaking english 	surprise
	so tireddon't want break to be over just yet :(   	sadness
	third night of feasting is officially complete 	sadness
	nothing is worse than hearing everyone leaving for the football game while you are trying to write a paper 	sadness
	Not getting married to because of  =   late night talks hahaha ashmarie_a	sadness
	for once i want my hair to stay curly 	surprise
	A woman that's worth some is definitely worth the effort	anger
	I hate it when I can't help someone when they're sad It makes me sad too  	sadness
	Studying for Marketing Research yourself? I don't understand statistics whatsoever! 	anger
	No Black Friday madness for me this year 	sadness
	con la cara que tiene el negro asusta cualquier espiritu jaja mentira los extraño peleandose ya no tengo a quien aconsejar 	sadness
	Just heard the strangest noise outside ever sounded like a goat yet my minds convinced me its something ready to abduct me 	fear
	god i just love that post        bullying	sadness
	Perfect day to forget my umbrella 	joy
	You must be willing to put yourself out there Your is simply fake evidence appearing real  	fear
	Still at work finishing the edit for our special tomm on Herman Cain and I'm missing celebration at Gold Bar 	sadness
	Back home Time to stress over school again -_____-	joy
	Wow My dad's still awake!! (:	surprise
	Looking forward to spending time with my long lost honourary sisters tonight!  	joy
	Taio Cruz just played on my Yo-Yo Ma stationis it running out of songs to choose from? 	surprise
	Detention with MrsWilcox tomorrow 	joy
	lolI know usually but it really was cute Now he's gone back to his nose in the air 	surprise
	To each his own(Suum Cuique)Cicero Celebrate Life  this is your one chance Give a  of     	joy
	Glad I'm getting a watch and a Jesus piece for christmas 	surprise
	party bus for da birthday girl !!!! !!	surprise
	It was such an odd thing to see So much and thankfully no deaths What a crazy afternoon it turned out to be!	anger
	 even though im going through problems i leave them in the hands of my Father becuz He's the solution to all of them always in 	joy
	:( sad face Missing my bestest friends in the world I need you guys  	sadness
	My dog has an ear infection taking to the vet now:( 	sadness
	Damn even the Lions can't be faithful 	sadness
	just cant wait for this book talk tomorrow  haven't even finished the book yet  	joy
	Best thing of the day 3: I’m off for Thanksgiving holiday! YEE-HAW! I am going to paint and paint and paint! Finally!  	joy
	I hate when you plan an outfit in your head and then you cannot find the article of clothing you really need 	anger
	all of my days are your hand OH GOD  whheww that song	joy
	My mom just texted me telling me she is in the parking lot with Moes for lunch 	surprise
	I have to get up at 8 in the morning and drive back to Smyrna  	joy
	Yung feeling na nakita ka na ng pinakaclose friend mo tapos hnd ka pinansin :(( 	sadness
	Nahi yaar has its own benefitsat times makes a person all the more strongerlet it beLet them work towards it n see	fear
	So much love for the psychosocial video Love to see them live but seeing Clown live would probably kill me :/ 	sadness
	Driving back to sa and I think my gps has just taken me to the mexican side of austin	fear
	Van Spanje tot down under staat een  klaar gelukkig zonder aldaar Van te voren alles op een rij dat maakt je toch 	surprise
	I mean I know it was Btw Being with Amberlyn and you for 2 days makes me feel so lonely now! 	sadness
	The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one ~ Elbert Hubbard 	fear
	Staford_9 U gotta get aggressive  out of them lame as plays stretch the offensive then go down the field Put in them	fear
	eagles converting on 4th and 20 against green bay in the playoffs a couple years ago  	sadness
	Such a bad headache that it hurts to open my eyes 	joy
	sex tampons simple tampon the rolling tampons razorTampon the tampon detectives shut up  tampon hahahah 	joy
	Ok even een vraag voor de dames onder u Hoe ziet rouge (make-up) er in verpakking uit? 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Meh Started drunk texting Time to turn the phone off Hasta mañana work at 9am 	joy
	There's just something about dancing with yellow spandex on that makes a person smile 	surprise
	Wow Some rude hurtful disrespectful ungrateful human beings need to DIE!! 	anger
	Love watching joe and cheech play ps3 together	joy
	Just ate at the shadiest Chinese buffet and now I'm paying for it Eat that Kung pao cat meat 	disgust
	Pleaser don't squeal at 7:55 in the morning   please	anger
	Today the woman who has looked after my daughter so I could write my book is leaving She is more than a nanny 	sadness
	I didn't know green onion is one kind of onions A lot of tears came off when I was cutting this things  	surprise
	I worry if I will receive tomorrow 2 points It will affect study under the literature 	fear
	yeah you'll never see it coming though that is the best part of it all 	surprise
	What would you be doing right now if you wasn't afraid Don't let stop you!!!!	fear
	Bon ben je vais tenter de changer mon id psn en passant la console en chinois	fear
	iss gets so old wack ass freshman staring at me all day 	joy
	I lost 4kg due to illness 	sadness
	SoI can't deny it any longer Tomorrow I head back to work - packing my lunch now 	sadness
	 project their  accuse their  of being the hostile ones	anger
	Mama think I'm cumin home Wednesday but I'm booked my ticket for Tuesday N when I get home ima just tell her slide and get me 	surprise
	3 word maybe ill go over there for a weekend :D lol	surprise
	tadi tuh kirain siapa kok nyanyi di awal pake grand piano ternyata the it boy -- :D	surprise
	omg my black and white cat misses/coco is in my room being nice 	surprise
	Just to follow the crowdI have had a crush on you since sophomore year LA HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!	surprise
	3 niños la paso 10puntos le vieras la cara de felicidad cuando en tutoría le tenía un comic preparado :) 	surprise
	this shit hurt my feelings i'm unfollowing some one :( 	sadness
	but I have such mixed emotions about college I'm ready to leave Mag but nervous about the real world 	fear
	I decided I should listen to Adub if I'll be seeing them live turns out picky me actually likes them! lol 	surprise
	Avondje geknutseld en gekunsteld om een te bouwen Dan weet je weer waarom je vroeger op school liever buiten speelde	surprise
	we'll skip out on the whole telling alec part then when he walks down the hall and see you we can yell 	surprise
	I blame Keith Hackney for all of this Imagine waking up everyday knowing that ur balls were pummeled on PPV in front of millions 	anger
	Just killed a spider and put it in my sisters bed 	surprise
	Demain la  les gens qui comptais sur Ds la vont avoir une big :p	surprise
	The stresses of ensuring a surprise mini-break remains a surprise Malmaison hotel you are not making this easy for me 	surprise
	Hey everyone server official close will probably be tomorrow & I can't return home then it will be later  	sadness
	Listening to A very She and Him Christmas at work the only way I can get into the Christmas spirit when i'm too busy to remember to 	joy
	Writing the Happy Monday presentation At midnight On a Sunday Not sure quite how happy it will be 	fear
	weekend! was hoping to have a good one! then I looked at my link diary and the schools say of making weekends fun is shit loads of hwk	joy
	Now you know your bathroom is dirty when someone rather use a public bathroom instead of yours 	disgust
	It's been so long! As the day comes closer I miss my place more! 	sadness
	my anxiety is so high i was shaking WHY does my child hate me / im tired of crying and feeling like a failure and a mom 	sadness
	why does Thanksgiving Time feel 10x faster than SD Time?  	sadness
	I'd venture to say I'm about halfway through my massive paper 	joy
	Meant to be my day off today ironically Instead yesterday's seminar's been moved to today 	joy
	I would never talk to a girl that smokes : shoo hal wi95a haiyMyNameIsDana_: I Hate Smoking Girls !	disgust
	When they have time to post a status but not text you back	anger
	So my mama friend let us get the truck Its big af like a F150 ride	joy
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	“FelwaAlJuhaimie: want to convince her self that she has a beautiful voice :)”  	sadness
	When your back from a busy day didnt get to watch the match and than realize I hope I recorded  :| 	fear
	not sure what the world is coming to Those who have power abuse it on the sinner yet they are all sinners as well 	anger
	Mum in hospital and it don't look to good :(	sadness
	Instead of wiping your tears wipe away the people who created them& 	sadness
	That moment when your heart feels like its being stabbed over and over again and its hard to swallow 	sadness
	Word wel met de auto gebracht lol 	surprise
	Some hoes try too hard to get some simple attention put those boobs up 	disgust
	Chapped lips Runny nose Always cold  	joy
	et il y a ma robe pour le diner de Thanksgiving dedans :P !! boohoofashion	surprise
	As Much As MUFC Would Want to avoid any big teams in the knckouts if they dont top the group The big teams would want to avoid United 	fear
	My bus has broken down on lambton quay 	joy
	OMG I feel like clawing my eyes out of my head this morning  	joy
	Yep  een  ! En ook een keer een 'Beuk Airplane' Toch maakte het mij altijd trots 	surprise
	todays the worst kinda daydouble chem and long english  	joy
	Good to see you up and walking around and the you have b/c you don't have a physical hindrance to preaching His name! TyGuice	joy
	Seeing my cousins girlfriend on the bus but they live in Calgary 	surprise
	I had a great time tonight Enjoy your reese's ) 	surprise
	Lady A concert with by some sketchy people 	joy
	Last few concepts for my research paper!!! So excited to finish !!!!!	joy
	Was craving some Buddy's pizza but there was an hour wait ended up at JAlexanders	sadness
	just realized that tomorow i have to go to school with annoying people that i can't stand 	joy
	Snell?? lol RT: I had to ask why her friend won't give me no play *side-eye* 	sadness
	Heart-wrenching scenes at Kolkata yesterday When will India wake up and start respecting human life more!   	anger
	I just had to see how good your new man really fucks you because you've both been fucking me 	anger
	My mother made breakfast this morning and I missed it 	sadness
	Man this day can go FUCK its self already  And its not even 8'o'clock  	joy
	I don't understand why I've been sitting on rt 287 for 20 min now Let's gooooo! 	anger
	haha nah man I'll miss that lab actually and last clad with ya 	sadness
	itry to avoid public restrooms as mush as possible they are soo repulsive 	disgust
	yay (: boo got off early sooo excited!	surprise
	  when you find out you girlfriends in a relationship with another girl	sadness
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 YOU A FUCK NIGGA YOU FEAR the fags CAUSE YOU FEAR them GANGING UP ON YOU  DESTROYIN WHAT YOU SLUTTED FOR 	fear
	I've been reading for three hours now and am almost done with  This book makes you think!  	sadness
	In some ways I've become the hypocrite I hate 	disgust
	I keep forgetting I work all fucking day tomorrow 	joy
	Making a cake for Jesus's birthday party tomorrow  : ) 	surprise
	$876 million budget surplus 	surprise
	Another day spent in my bed I really should get a life 	sadness
	What's wrong is there's no SNOW in the forecast!! Nooooooooo!!! My new skis will be ever so sad   	sadness
	WHY IS EVERY CLASS THAT SOUNDS COOL A SOCIAL SCIENCE CORE!!! AHHHH!! I ALREADY HAVE TWO OF YOU!! 	anger
	Do the people on House Hunters not know that you can buy paint *and* repaint rooms in colors you actually like? 	surprise
	Love chilling with my poodle on a saturday night 	joy
	Dejá pasar a la señora es de las frases más crueles que te pueden decir por la calle unos chiquillos jugando a la pelota 	sadness
	last Day Of ThanksGiving Break     Then Back To Boring Ol' School  	joy
	love you loserrr  Get some sleep you got to go to lame Pike county tomorrow 	joy
	Scared of drugs  because I'm scared too drink 	fear
	The  drew the line for me Now I am extremely jealous of anyone who owns a PS3 WHERE DID ALL THE  EXCLUSIVES GO?! 	anger
	Solemn vespers is as unexpected as the Spanish Inquisition 	surprise
	Gym was a bad idea Just spewed Away to the beach Maybe salt water will help with the HastaLaVista	fear
	kburk's room never fails to smell like shit 	disgust
	“FeeqDeuce: My ole lady mad at me I told her I love her this morning and she said Thank u lol ”	anger
	win overtime game with a ranked team on a wednesday night	surprise
	that moment when u tell a joke and u think everyone laughs at it but really they were laughing at somone elses joke Lol 	sadness
	I think I need to put the flip flop away yall 	sadness
	The fact I get to spend another Christmas with my 90yr old Nana brings me :)	joy
	im so cold and my beds so empty tonight 	sadness
	chez les cousins!!!!! Last night Snif 	sadness
	lol thats rude RT KRISTINDI0R: still can't believe this guy i used to talk to is gonna have a baby 	disgust
	got a catering exam tomorrow i can't remember anything :/ to make things better i have a geography exam straight after 	joy
	Almosy made the deans list I just missed it by 5 points 	sadness
	Now armani did he try to use bigger words or not? THIS ISNT A DEBATE MARCEL! 	joy
	Well I can still roll step but my 8 to 5 days are over 	sadness
	Wow my brother might get a job 	surprise
	Need to do some holiday baking because has the sweetest parents!   	surprise
	finished with my finals apparently 	surprise
	Mmmmm Thanks to JP Morgan for brownies :) shame isn't here to enjoy them  	sadness
	absolutely love life over that pic and  thought we were weird then he learned	joy
	idk why it isbut clears my mind more than anythingwhen im hostile mentally i can progress alot easier 	anger
	I absolutely hate my neighbors dog it barks all the fucking time for no fucking reason 	anger
	I wanna pre-order Rapture but I dont have any money :'(     	sadness
	nee hoor ik loop zo wel even naar je toe 	fear
	Suppose to be at a low but im still super happyidk y  	joy
	Driving around brooklyn ahh so pretty can't even take it I'm obsessed with these people haha love yous	sadness
	Starting my 2hr Journey from Smart Village to Nasr City   	joy
	Don't know how many times I can listen to the  song It's do sad!! D: 	sadness
	Damn I wish Saints Row 2 had a greaser gang 	sadness
	Sooooo done with studying I need a massage and a cuddle buddy :-/ mode	sadness
	is never w/out a reason but seldom w/ a good one Benjamin Franklin    	anger
	Newsnight showing the government some interesting data on the summer riots Government maintains off the cuff response 	surprise
	Can't find my face soap I'm bout to wash my face with Bath soap 	sadness
	Quand tu décide de faire ce que les gens disent pour soit disant ton bien ca finit toujours mal  I need you H 	sadness
	Husband sucks at gift purchasing I make a list with 12 things on it He asks me 5 questions about one item on the list 	surprise
	Hot chocolate in the morning!! 	joy
	When you're driving past 's house knowing she's not there	sadness
	 let the of striking out get in your way -Babe Ruth	fear
	 tattoo Tears under dey eyeslol Nigga who u kill? Must b fa lol 	fear
	I'm not one for that sand shit but big har I heard you got a lot of it 	disgust
	off to work I go gotta stick a 45 minute bus journey first mind! 	joy
	well my hour break is over back to non stop art history studying sketching and other art related shit 	joy
	umm I'm buying ur Christmas present so that's why I didn't invite you! 	surprise
	So Jimmy Lose and Shayna are at my bus stop Lul Another 	surprise
	Silva on the bench in such a vital game !? This proves the strength in depth City have 	disgust
	bout to visit you tomorrow for no reason 	surprise
	One coffee a day keeps the bad mood away 	joy
	Outta  put 10% in the offering now finna go treat my mother out she dont know yet  	surprise
	There may or may not be a child growing in my stomach  	surprise
	Thanks but I think a puck to the eye means he probably will stay clear of the Garden 	sadness
	Watch for  in your inbox  morning  Big  in store!	surprise
	Feeling so lost hard to keep going 	sadness
	Still hoping that life isn't one big fall: from the highest clouds to the cold dry ground 	sadness
	Hoppa rtlXL op de 8ergrond (had van alles gemist) en 3 uurtjes verder is mn zo goed als klaar! Nu nog gedicht Pfff 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	I'm bored already and haven't even got out of bed yet 	joy
	i miss & is always busy w/ work and ish and doesn't have time for me anymore 	sadness
	 The sacking continues Similar to catholic cospiracies 	disgust
	hit the ref in the nose with my right fist 	anger
	What happens when we leave and you wont be there whenwe get back?   	sadness
	If we believed that someone wanted to take care of us maybe we would believe in taking care of each other   	fear
	Okay I'm done Not completely done but done for now Gotta wake up in less then 5 hours 	joy
	Smoking advert is fucking sick the money spent on it could be spent on saving lives instead of telling me how to live mine Fuck up 	anger
	I luv wen ppl play guess who's cum'n 2 dinner!' 	surprise
	False Expectation Acting Real 	fear
	only 3 more days until graduation! reports awards school certficate all in one day 	joy
	Three words Muppet Christmas Carol cc: emipow	joy
	Took Leah to a play group Guess who's still sleeping? frustrated beyond belief He leaves for wrk in TWO hrs GET UP  B W/ L!!	surprise
	Conférence en allemandavant-première de ma vie en févrierbaaaaah j'ai peur ! 	fear
	OHMYGOSH That would be the best thanksgiving blessing I could hope for 	joy
	fanuary Don b so disgusting Laura my god No female Wil get sponsorship from me for such a cause!! 	disgust
	Dinner with robs family today 	joy
	The cafe is serving bile or lunch! 	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	This song better send or I'm acc goin to smash this phone fghjklhgf 	anger
	I don't fear  BUT I what will happen after it !	fear
	haha nah For the most part im done skating for the season unless we get some really nice days It's just to cold 	sadness
	In preparation for finals I used a new face washI was allergic now I have a rash all over 	surprise
	Another Indian party tonight 	joy
	I love when your having a great day and then one thing ruins your whole day 	anger
	Hey I am no arsenal fan but I have missed u playingGet well soonto watch	joy
	A woman worth some is deffentally worth some !	anger
	Yes lady i did understand you talking spanish about me wearing shorts Yes i did respond in gramatically correct spanish 	surprise
	i am glad you had fun at your concert  I really wish you would RT me  I feel like giving up trying :'(  	sadness
	Those night when you have absolutely nothing to do or no one to hang out with 	sadness
	A lovely night of revision ahead Sounds just lovely -_- 	joy
	Just realized how much I really liked my TA on the last day of class 	sadness
	It just breaks my heart seeing tiny animals dead Found one of Sophie's hamsters dead today 	sadness
	Mana suaranya penghuni setia kuliah brg madam I*aa?? dip2dipto Ada apa lg??	surprise
	Lookin good! I crafted the black mageweave set so my char is somewhat half naked  	joy
	i love having perfect days on a monday 	surprise
	Just got home from my first duty at al-sad PECwawa mga baby kapag extract ng blooddi q ata kakayanin 	sadness
	some sort of Melbourne music week is happening 	surprise
	Klaar wachten op mama dan naar school bij me 	surprise
	printed pictures today!! Can't wait to work on the book! 	surprise
	Just got home :) He bought Oreo Cheesecake and McDo for me! :) Had my early dinner at Flaming Wings! 	surprise
	Christians have the of running out but don't have the  in running over 	fear
	why does everyone talk about snow like we don't live in canada 	surprise
	very much agreed It's pretty gross Especially with an online final you HAVE to make an A on 	disgust
	We have a coming this friday! Come into our store to find out what it is :)	surprise
	Surprising twitter less Brooke and Sarah for their birthdays  them 	surprise
	Dear and scary developers: You almost killed me I hope you are now happy	fear
	Maargoed dat pap geen twitter heeft hij weet het namelijk nog niet 	surprise
	cant beleive the college football season is almost over! 	sadness
	Moet er een boek in? Wat dacht je van een hele grote letter eerste letter van haar naam B of M toch? 	surprise
	words cant even describe how i feel right nowww!  	anger
	lol RT ChiquitaAnnShow: Hell no!! :-) RT ClutchPorter: I'm completely ok w/my decisions of indecision (doesthatevenmakesense)	anger
	Wow it's been 12 years since the last regular Jethro Tull studio album 	sadness
	alexxxx is soocute I REALLY WISH he would tweet back it would make my life3 but it prob won't happen	sadness
	I see this rite here ain't gon work I like to feel Wen I look dwn my TL Hummm let's see let's see	joy
	never lead u u only lead it else survival is difficult	fear
	 RT: katjabecker: Joe Nathan left the Twins for the Texas Rangers  	sadness
	Working on Antigone review and assess questions and worksheets 	joy
	I miss   and football season 	sadness
	dickhead almost had a baby through anger then! Punch u in the penis I would! X	surprise
	Een teleurgesteld mannetje thuis Het kind dat hem had verpakte het cadeautje slechts in een doos 	surprise
	Espero con ansias toparme esa recopilación de cuentos de terror de  jajaja gusto culposo!!	fear
	okay 2 papers down now just a ton more things left to do 	joy
	got a nice heavy bag today 	joy
	aww i hear mario kart being played downstairs by the homies as i continue to study for finals 	sadness
	If you have a journal don't read the past :( 	sadness
	WTF she damn near a super model she must think I have money lol 	surprise
	im well an truely fed up of my dogs doin there business in my room 	anger
	Aah echt lief een blackberry gehad van lieverdje toboajax ♥ 	surprise
	that moment when fresh cooked cookies come out the over and they just start to harden 	disgust
	Don't allow to silence you! That's a trick of the enemy!	fear
	Tonight I'll announce the lucky  winner of the Cookie Cookbook! :) xoxo In the meantime enjoy this fantastic day! 	joy
	A weekend full of babysitting lol and did I mention emily_huddle Wants to pull and all nighter on Saturday to study! Excuse me? 	joy
	The awkward moment people stare at you cause you look funny I'm warm and your freezing your ass off! 	surprise
	you are the best and you are so cute and i love you and i'm so happy for you!!!!! 	joy
	i will cry tears of if i don't get in + tears of  if i do!	sadness
	Ugh to fail a math test today 	joy
	Till 10 dec 2010 What can't happen to us this season! RT mufcfans: Wolves have not won at Old Trafford since February 1980 	anger
	mom said someone ant work called her newborn girl LUBNA *wohoo* 	joy
	Sat 26 Nov I'll be at at 9pm It's kinda my b-day (actual: 27 Nov) In honor of my 45th I'm giving away 45s  	joy
	I wish tomorrow would just skip! tomorrow I have to give a speech D: and do my ethics presentation! D: imma die bro! 	fear
	When your mother doesn't feel like your mom anymore Just a ghost like figure that you live with that gets mad at a single hello 	sadness
	 i left early  i couldnt take it and i had to see my grandfather leave back to  	sadness
	Just cried watching The Last Song And I've seen it a billion times before 	sadness
	Just met a girl with a genuine of cats How bizarre	fear
	I'm expecting an extremely important phonecall any minute now  	fear
	all this SAT on my TL just makes me excited Im taking the ACT the morning of WinterFormal! 	joy
	rude im never too busy for you! maybe I did get you a gift?? 	surprise
	Mike Breaux finished Phillipians strong SouthlandCC Now to live with some rebellious joy and contentment 	joy
	Out of a 5 hour school day I had 2 lessons and spent 3 hours in the library ! *Nerd* ahaha 	surprise
	love typing a paper  then later adding the double space 	surprise
	My nephew thinks he has a doctors appt today which is all a ploy as to why he's out of school early to pick me up 	surprise
	 when your celebrity boyfriend has no idea that you even exist 	sadness
	Surprise opoo :D RT Wheldhut: Dapet bonus tuh RT wonqbe: Pulsa 20 ribu aja pun heboh x kw ( ˘͡ -˘͡)	surprise
	I'm in the most painful situation in definition of: damned if I do and damned if I don't   what is 	fear
	Good morning my honey missing you loads have a good day	sadness
	 booze and drama make people do wild things 	surprise
	Feelings hurt: thanksgiving meal pushed back a few hours 	sadness
	Movie tonight wit N dinner guess where 	surprise
	traditional attitudes prevail in some quarters  	sadness
	Another management meeting on a Monday morning 	joy
	Mad at you Mad at you Mad at you Mad at you Mad at you Mad at you Mad at you Mad at you Mad at you 	anger
	Seriously?did I just read a paper sent by commander-in-chief of pak armed forces asking US to save him from his own  military? 	disgust
	One class down and made it through without dozing off Restaurant management might be a different story 	surprise
	The worst thing to do is keep all that balled up inside of u! write down u probably will hav a money maker	anger
	Working Sunday night Moving house on monday 	joy
	I can wait to see the return of factor tomorrow My wife however is not	fear
	When bitches see you havin funn or even smiling they'll try n steal your Bitch go suck a dick thats what you good at !	joy
	So tired 3 more hours of work 	joy
	there is no such thing as 'muslim' anger This is yet another instance of bigots trying to oppres women  	fear
	I juss got overwhelmed wit and I don't know y	sadness
	OFFA release details of new Access Agreements - Lots of new fee waivers (£37m) great for Treasury not so great for students 	anger
	Heavy night last night last night with joshsimpson14 Now drive back home and work tomorrow 	fear
	then im doin my job Gotta somethin planned for you in the morning 	surprise
	Sheryl say she confused and don't know how to approach me It sounds like I'm going back to counseling 	sadness
	Wonderful reminder: FredericBrussat: To live a  life we must lose our of being wrong  Joseph Chilton Pearce”	fear
	Wow I'm so cranky is just yelled at a Xmas radio station 	anger
	Stupid mschiv Telling us 2 write 4 complete sentences as a answer but gives us 3 little lines 2 write it!! :/ 	anger
	walking streets of NYC with Christmas carols playing in my head 	joy
	Why would i nap from 8-830cant sleep now and have to wake for a track meet in 6 hours 	joy
	my humble prediction 1252-1260 all day  hope I'm wrong either way trade the range!	fear
	I hate how the train fills when we get to Birmingham New Street 	anger
	Be brave Remember that  is not the lack of but the ability to move forward in spite of fear R Costa	fear
	No more Pulzar FM :( another earthquake victim Sucks   	sadness
	 leaving all day! of telephones is disappearing!	fear
	Computer just crashed in the middle of my paper 	joy
	I just want a puppy Preferably a black lab or a golden retriever   	surprise
	 updating my UEFI BIOS tomorrow  first time the new one :/ - lets hope  go away with it --	fear
	And what greets me once I arrive homemedia coursework 	joy
	Walking down the street and my knee just gave out on me When I fell it looked like haha	sadness
	Stayed up till 5 in the morning talking to her! :) it's so easy to talk to her! :) woke up 7 and now driving 4 hrs back to Jasper! 	joy
	Well I did not get a 99 dollar touch pad   b/c EBAY KEPT CRASHING OMG - even after they confirmed my  account! 	anger
	trees of green red roses too when I see them bloom for me and u! Then I think to myself what a Wonderful world!! :)	joy
	my bus route it absolutely ridiculous 	anger
	I miss you too! I would say letz chill at the pep rally togetherbut I'm not going tomorrow  	sadness
	“FredericBrussat: To live in is a life half-lived  Spanish Proverb”	fear
	ppl don't care aboot strippers and Bianca's dad gave her away to settle a debt and her ma knows  	sadness
	Although I experienced that horrible robbery last Tuesday nightI will not live in ! I will overcome this eventually	fear
	yeah disappointing FaceTime action I gotta get her drunk! 	sadness
	Don't believe the lies Look me in my eyes Please don't be scared of me 	fear
	So I guess everyone in my family decided to have babies when I was at school 	surprise
	_ had you ever looked in the face  said I don't care	fear
	Today I start a health and safety course Hopefully by the end of it I won't be a boring person 	fear
	Tweetième dimension RT a franchi un cap: commence à mettre devant le nom de ses collègues qd elle veut envoyer texto 	fear
	Washing machine: 1 Favorite jeans: 0 	anger
	Wish I could go Black Friday shopping but I have to get sleep so I can drive to Miami 4am tomorrow to work all day 	joy
	my laptop is a cheap piece of shit hole why don't you work properly for once you dumb junky fuck head 	anger
	when guys plan to ask girls to formal is really creative ways  p	surprise
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	was an AMAZING show Thnx and everyone else 4 a great show!	fear
	I don't know why but i really just want to kick the shit of you 	anger
	Yall heard abt that Penn State Coach molesting children ? 	disgust
	me and my boy please!! Had mare getting tickets and I have a stroppy 12 year old sulking cos I asked him to be home early 	surprise
	The wife is taking me away this weekend! Looking forward to it 	surprise
	most women do that you guys grow beards we grow leg hair lmao	surprise
	I'm also not wearing sleeves tonight Every time this happens I always feel really butch 	sadness
	you did i shall repay you with an even better christmas gift 	surprise
	 RT ChuckNorriz:  can find 27 ways of killing you in your room including the room itself	fear
	3 hours left before my test and i still dont understand shit --	joy
	this library trip is taking TOO long yo'	anger
	Washing machine Ruinedddd  To the laundrette 	joy
	Whatttttttttt Central Boy's Basketball Team beat East Hamilton 	surprise
	I am really enjoying The Very Gaga Thanksgiving It's pretty great! 	surprise
	Have to buy a gift for the Athletic Training Christmas party tonight What to get what to get 	surprise
	The Christmas shoes song is playing at work All I can think of is and JoeyRichter  	sadness
	Yo bitch gobble gobbled my nuts 	surprise
	You see couples PDAing on campus and want to push them through the archway  	disgust
	I have to make up nine assignments by Friday I have terrible grades in all of my classes and I'm going to fail all of my finals 	joy
	My cat is so frikkin annoying when I am trying to do some work he just sits on all of my books 	anger
	 Faith walk hand in hand--If there is still sadness  tears you've not yet entered into real 	joy
	Cody won't be coming anywhere NEAR where I live At all )	sadness
	a worth it what are we doing over break? Taco bell?	surprise
	Returning to school tomorrow Must Get Sleep 	joy
	Jesus Christ! The seagulls here are the size of small children! 	fear
	Movie night with the parents 3	joy
	 asan na yung MO?wait nmin kahapon paheheheh  LANG	surprise
	I am literally in the library Why is the library the only website I can't connect to  	anger
	When   knocks on your door remember you don't have to answer 	fear
	One of life's greatest moments has to be when one finds out his/her true talent & a sad moment is when u realise its SLEEPING ! 	joy
	Shutting  is  Shut down to the people who don't  you Stay  to the new  They don't deserve the 	anger
	Teri's brought a light guy And a fog machine 	surprise
	Can't wait to see the look on  's face when he realizes I cut a hole in the bottom of the popcorn  	surprise
	The USCongressional Super Committee failed 	surprise
	Imam Mahdi (as) So God and submit and refer the matter to  we are the ones who execute Allah's commands as we receive them	fear
	The of the  is to       the evil way  the  mouth I hate ~  ~ Pr:8:13 	fear
	Dear why are you not showing me my contacts even after Ive cleared my cache an restarted!  	sadness
	En route to Scarborough for a surprise party with a not so convincing cover up story 	surprise
	If your child is  reassure her something will be done about it to provide psychological relief from 	fear
	Toi :p Nan je ne sais pas j'ai pas mi le nez dans la cuisine encore ça sera la on va dire :)	surprise
	Vanavond surprise afmakenpfoewát een werk!! Joehoe! Is er een  in de zaal?!? 	surprise
	He Be Keeping Secrets From His Girl Friend lls 	joy
	Mock test ? Go crazy in dance block? Whatever after school? Hmkay I got this  	joy
	Why the fuck am I watching Oireachtas Report? 	anger
	KimKardaeshian: lovely I follow everyone u ask us too and still no follow from you  	sadness
	Over 3000 words later i'm finally done! Now to wake up early tomorrow to practice the 7 minute speech 	joy
	I know im sorry RT ChristyyBeEasyy: you betterill try and forgive you not being here for my big 21	sadness
	I freak out over  and even offer pie and/or cake and he still isn't my best friend? 	sadness
	I'm gonna miss 2hrs of the Hog game tomorrow due to work 	sadness
	2 hours into the trip and my butt is already asleep! This is going to be a long 14 hour ride 	joy
	There are only 2 types of motivation: Fear and Desire   	fear
	Wrote probably every feeling I've had these last 5 years in one song I'll have the lyrics on Facebook soon 	anger
	Expressing   not can transform obstacles into positive learning experiences 	fear
	Uitgeknutseld voor vandaag De basis is er morgen nog even de details afwerken en een beetje rijmelarij Nu  ! 	surprise
	Decorating the house for the holiday party my husband volunteered us to host 	joy
	mijn voorziene plannen van morgen vallen net als die v vnv in het water maar keb nog een plan C ) 	surprise
	being snuggled up in bed after a long soak in the cranberry soak bubble bath when it's all windy and cold outside 	joy
	Timmy doesnt hate the SEC he just hates everything BCS its kinda his thing  	anger
	I swear if one more person comes up to me and tries to get me a prom date  I might just EXPLODE !!!   	anger
	The end is near for Hoopty We've had good times but I might need to put him down soon  	sadness
	Why does he think his opinion is so valued that you would change for him? 	anger
	Bolas baby shower yesterday was awesome! Dee conned her proper the shock on her face when we screamed  ! :)	surprise
	Sooo sad  RT Ohh_AC: Soooooo one of Famu's drum majors died after his performance yesterday 	sadness
	So he's sleep and I'm wide awake -__- 	joy
	Went to the fish store to get alex a new fish as a surprise but he was already there 	surprise
	My Dad Just Back From Work Bye  	sadness
	went to the window and found snow is falling all around me 	joy
	2 Duke possessions 2 Tennessee fouls 	surprise
	Looking at second grade math and then   Looking at my math I miss the easy days 	sadness
	Just made first eye appointment in nearly six years I wonder how blind I now am? 	fear
	In life there is either  or -I pick  ~David Murphy	fear
	Oh really? Ultra cute *brief pause links through LittleTigerUK* The hedgehog bakes cookies evidently! 	joy
	Needles? Lollll bring on the water works!! 	fear
	Playing NOW on Hardest: BYZPO Radio Show Session  Tune in listen and enjoy 	fear
	This is gonna be a bad head day!!! 	fear
	Know I spend money cause spending time is hopeless Know I pop bottles cause I bottle my emotions Atleast I put it all in the open 	fear
	Too many people too small a room This is fucking nuts  	fear
	the aim of the government's campaign is to make you wholly obedient question always question: who profits and who loses?	fear
	Let go of the distraction long enough 2 sense reality       	sadness
	n yh I thought that am strong enough but am not surprise	surprise
	asked a work colleague to buy me a £1 surprise from the shop I meant sweets I was presented with Fish food! 	surprise
	AskTheQuran: The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	Celebration w/the family Small gifts w/ crazy rhymes  packages ) singing and loads of yummy  sweets! ❤	surprise
	Apparently is coming to speak to my university tomorrow I was not aware of this and am busy 	anger
	Hay disappointed dnah maplay yung episode ng hyy nung nov 18 hay Wala din ako mahanap nah link :(	sadness
	due today Also the rent 	surprise
	lol the things people do at the movie theatres 	sadness
	Excited for tomorrow's plan on  birthdaaay! Yeaaay 	surprise
	Miss out on this wks AMAZING Msg by ? Go2  championscentrecom click on Livestream/WatchOnDemand  	anger
	 Humor  understanding of the role  plays in life bringing wealth richnessotherwise  not	joy
	“missdanido: At the movies in the same room that I got my first kiss   ha! I don't want to hear about those memories!	disgust
	Bought mom  dad gifts that they can open when I get home(:   	surprise
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Hi thanks for the Coconut Giftset in the comp It arrived a few minutes ago  I'm giving it to my bestie next week :-)	joy
	A voir ma TL je me dis que ça sonne Et que la caserne des pompiers est trèèèès loin du bureau 	fear
	when the fam was washing all the dishes I went  dyed my hair 	surprise
	Back to the real world!!  	sadness
	Family dinner outing 	fear
	People there is a greater than anything in the world and that is to know that  loves you more that the grains of sand in the world	joy
	no thanksgiving dinner today :(  	sadness
	Watching Greasy Reesey get naughty with Marky Mark tonight 	fear
	He's merciful and kind he's in my life Divine	joy
	c est normal que les gens ne répondent pas aux mains pour les stages ? 	fear
	 hey guys wag kalimutan gift nyo sakin sa sunday ha!  nyohehe thanks	joy
	yay John is home WAY early! 	surprise
	Sometimes when I am  I have the right 2 be angry But that doesn't give me the right 2 be cruel~The Only Way Is Up 	anger
	Watching the Jay Leno ShowT Pain murdered this songLITERALLY!! (Channel changes) 	sadness
	yeah I hope so too I work in 45 hours haha nighty night girl!	joy
	Good morning to you too  I on the other hand give a single fuck about Cyber Monday - OH WAIT Lacoste isn't having one  	sadness
	Looking for people suffering with   To help me with my research project I will ask a range of simple questions!	fear
	is that how the kids visiting Penn State felt? -- Damn near piss my pants kicking it wit and fattymattychady	fear
	There's always this inside me I won't open up because everything i'l say could be used against me	fear
	I ended up sleeping 12 hours and every dream I had was about my dogs It feels unreal they are truly gone 	sadness
	Um I guess I'm taking the ACT test tomorrow? 	surprise
	Wait it's only 11:30?! Wow I have been ultra productive today  =  = 	anger
	if lack of  is persistent in ur life Follow me i mainly  many ppl with  and so stay tuned :) xo	sadness
	Who'd have thought Arsenal would be the first (and possibly only) English club to qualify for the knockouts 	surprise
	WELL i went to this picture all happy  smiling thinking it would be me  you but NOOOOOOO :(	sadness
	Was it a black guy!? Because he was jumping infront of cars on the way to cheer earlier He had no 	fear
	People can't understand your busy schedule 	sadness
	is such a weak emotion that's why I despise it	fear
	Last meeting of 2011 is TOMORROW!!! Caldwell Hall -Rm 302- 7 PM Be there for shirts food and the legend himself BOB FURNAD  	joy
	Probably gonna miss most of the grey cup cuz of workwork and homework 	sadness
	true oh gah next thing we know they will find twitter and take everything we are saying literally and seriously 	joy
	Hey friends stop drifting away from me  I miss you all 	sadness
	Loving this iPad with the keyboard dock I can sit here at work watching my Twitter stream s it happens! 	joy
	And the bears lose So awkwardly too Like an ending to the Sopranos or something 	sadness
	If I'm making a mistake well I hope I'm not 	fear
	 you was the light of my world! Pretty soon im going to light your world on fire! -)	surprise
	thing is my friend If its something they don't want to face they'll find any excuse to not  It's only their 	fear
	The appointed hour is not known:in order to deliver man from absolute despair and absolute heedlessness to hold him between   	fear
	Les mecs à la sortie du metro 4 à gdn et qui attendent que tu passes pour degainer leur toupie lumineuse  	fear
	i should really get rid of my phone All it does is bring misery 	sadness
	Time to figure out new years eve!  :)	surprise
	Best thing about my job is the christmas bonus I always forget is coming 	surprise
	Really not liking myself right now! I hate fucking up Fuck! 	anger
	time to curl my hair 	joy
	have u missed the point of  auch a dry spell desserts feel for him 	sadness
	 the guy you like is at work and he can't text you back /3 	sadness
	Guess I'll give up on using the internet for now and do something useful for a change  	sadness
	Chilling at the funeral home on a rainy day listening to !	fear
	These x factor TWATS are all manufactured given everythin to them on a plate This undermines real ARTISTS man 	anger
	ready to get this stupid senior exit finish! its my thanksgiving break and thats all ill be working on	joy
	Putain j'ai flippé une ombre est apparue d'un coup ! Enfaite c'était juste une tige de poussière qui se balade devant ma lampe 	fear
	this may sound silly but it's true we all  of something here cuz u ain't human w/o 	fear
	Hooray the strike is over Oh wait today is the last day of class 	surprise
	alweer thuis nu snel  enzo en dan opschieten en naar chiel toe 	surprise
	Zo he die kartonnen dozen van AH zijn steviger dan je dacht 	surprise
	is it bad that i check twitter on a seconds basis? you just never know what people have to say ?!?!?	surprise
	My previous tweet was a lie by :)	surprise
	I haven't listened to the radio in so long and after 5 mins of it now I know why again 	disgust
	you know I'd say lets take a shot and cheer to bitchz but I'd rather stay classy instead of those trashy hoes 	anger
	as you go eat your turkey tomorrow remember muslim terrorists eat turkey too probably more often because they don't eat pork 	fear
	So erkd Been doing this speech for a week  still can't get it Yea I'm boutta fail my communications class -__- 	sadness
	If you looking for save place better you hide on yer dream self !! 	anger
	I would like a blanket cocoa and a movie not a computer and a cubicle Bye bye vacation besets me!	sadness
	NOTE TO SELF: Don't sleep on the couch at my Grandmas house It has bed bugs and now you have bites all on your back :( 	sadness
	AWWWW your speech was amazing GO and makes us PROUD! 	surprise
	Mama always say anything ova a hundred is a gift lmao  So That Mean He Get It Back Right lol	surprise
	from being stranger to friend and now from being friend to STRANGER!! 	sadness
	to feel happy just once for a whole day would be brilliant 	sadness
	lol ooh I kno But ion wana jump in shit My temp aint no good ill do some shit So im cool itnow!!	anger
	ahhh few if you do i will kill you because i love him to much (aa) they are good thankyou :) i broke up with jake :( 	sadness
	Bought an e-machine from a friend  Cheap but the motherboard was fried 	anger
	you hate me and didn't save me a seat!!  hahahaha	surprise
	haha i think we are going too late schoolies will be over by the time we arrive :/ 	sadness
	T:Im gonna find another funny celeb that shares Don's birthday  then Im gonna tell her when we're recording our next blog post :P 	surprise
	Double barrel whisky sirloin :o x_x 	joy
	I miss greece I miss greece I miss greece I miss greece I miss greece :(	sadness
	 $ 4pink panthers w  today fed 60 ppl  soup kitchen  met new pppl connected w friends a very  day!  	joy
	i lost my candy cane walking over to the library :'( 	sadness
	he wants be bacc ! butt    ion kno mann !	fear
	Why are so many people afraid of so many things but are rarely afraid of mediocrity? 	fear
	Boiling a kettle with not enough water   	anger
	Lol went into shutdown mode Now it's time to study 	joy
	 on Fiona of course! just make Mexican lasagne! tell me& your 	fear
	hun I've known I for 12 years I think u can figure it out! Maybe a Christmas present! me	surprise
	A bride who just married a basketball player two days later he gets fired 	sadness
	I hope  had a great birthday yesterday   	surprise
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	mr mayo makes my cream o casserole craving so satiated  	joy
	nooooo it's a sign of things to comeno car no bike 	sadness
	I don't want to talk about this Evil Dead remake Some things are sacred (churches Star Wars etc) and so IS FUCKING BRUCE CAMPBELL 	anger
	The biggest prison anyone can live in is the of what other people think Change your thoughts change your life	fear
	we went into our biology teachers car trunk and found boxers and bras and so we wrapped them up and put it in her front seat	surprise
	Ahhhh! I missed you AGAIN! :( I'm going to have to move to Australia aren't I I miss you soooo much! DionneLister	sadness
	Diubah jadi senen RT fidamuthia: Jeng jeng! Masih pemulihan mental pasca SEAG udh dpt kabar seminar proposal hari Rabu	surprise
	Working tomorrow morning with my bowtie 	joy
	I just opened a bottle a few min ago lol Its just the universe's way of maintaining balance :) RT anabellebf: I'm out of wine! 	sadness
	I feel like a sheep in the sweater  	joy
	Just walked past a Asian girl and she grabs her BF's arm Now I know all races even my own are afraid of me  	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	I need to wash my Car asap  its been raining n I ain't washed it n 3weeks 	sadness
	You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith  ~Mary Manin Morrissey 	fear
	“megankub: Don't carry something around that Jesus already carried on the cross    ”	fear
	Does this zombie have to kill some shitbrained cunt soon? ಠ_ಠ 	anger
	That moment when you wake up and that person you want to beside you isn't there 	sadness
	Bus driver wrote up some dude for being a constant problem Wow 	surprise
	Conner is the last guy from the championship team? 	sadness
	Freezing Cold Shower 	anger
	Depressing news My work buddy got a new job Who will I get to torment now? 	sadness
	'It will rain' isn't that bad of a song?? 	surprise
	It's a small world Leaving Utrecht central station I bump into friends from barcelona So Well have dinner together 	surprise
	spread your wings and prepare to fly  ) SOON!!!	surprise
	just looked at my youtube channel and noticed my extended version of 'levels' has almost 22000 views haha 	surprise
	You knowproblem is not him not reading newspapersbut being one of his typical voters 	sadness
	Je suis à Pôle-emploi  (et vu comme en parle Melococo j'ai encore + peur) pi c'pas comme j'avais déjà fait ça quoi	fear
	I only started listening to prince this afternoon but as a new fan its been a pretty great day 	surprise
	Gisteren ontzettend leuke surprise party gehad jarige job was helemaal blij! 	surprise
	But when he saw the wind boisterous he was afraid  and beginning to sink  he cried  saying Lord save me Matthew 14:30 	fear
	Just received a brand new  but it seems to hate my SIM card   support tells me they don't know whats wrong :( 	sadness
	I need some positivity in my life right now I feel like the strides I take are really just baby steps  	sadness
	listening to some throwbacks pretty sure im going to marry him one day he just doesnt know it yet! 	surprise
	I also hate the dentist  and that's were I am heading to I wish he was on strike lol 	fear
	Irdk why I just got bent out of shape probably just cause i've been stabbed in back once you're gonna do it again	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Mum isn't home yet It's like I'm waiting to be executed I know it will happen but not when 	fear
	I get a new toy and my ungrateful daughter says I can't plat with it! 	sadness
	You know I spend money because spending time is hopeless and know I pop bottles cause I bottle my emotions  	fear
	I told him to text me and he said he can't text BUT he still has it3  he has your parents too(:	sadness
	UNHATE campaign is probably the kiss of death for  	disgust
	Naubusan kami ng slot sa 5k ng MILO MARATHON :| 	sadness
	Happy to be in Huntsville with Craig FFH and co at a beautiful church this weekend I also love FFH singing Christmas music 	joy
	Eventjes Sinterklaas gedicht in elkaar zetten dan rest van cadeautjes in pakken 	surprise
	Ja nu thuis van werken moe en morgen leren een uur pas school 	joy
	The Ultimate Christmas Present is probably me covered in baileys and whipped cream  yum yum :)  !	surprise
	That's like making children talk bad about the other parent in the divorce :( Kids are NOT your ammo Tools! 	disgust
	1  lossless MP3 file 32mb WOW!! I didn't expect that  	surprise
	It honestly doesnt even feel like thanksgiving  Losing intrest in the holidays  	sadness
	is going to make me not use twitter anymore cuz you dont love me 	sadness
	1st flight accomplished lunch  tthen another airplane 	joy
	Bored night ahead of sitting inside while it rains 	sadness
	Kinda feels weird having people grow up in a faster pace than me 	sadness
	I think if anyone does as mch as poking me ill heave over throw up then passout 	joy
	Wanna watch happy feet 2! Sana idate naman ako ni Justin Sobrang busy na lagi eh :( 	sadness
	bits of chat coming back to me Hope all in same state as me no photosyet Chocolate fingers Right 	fear
	Sorry!!! You CAN'T steal my or my please talk to He's responsible for it all :-D 	joy
	‎525600 minuteshow do you measure a year?      	joy
	I'm so glad I wore fuzzy socks with my uggs today wish I had sweats on today though 	sadness
	I miss my Friend Father my protector I need you God   and from above	joy
	Brought some ice cream and now it's time to watch movies ALONE -__- 	joy
	Just got my first Hey I'm a student Can I interview you? email I feel so successful 	surprise
	and would be pleased to know a pie has been made 	surprise
	it better start soon Or this girl might die 	sadness
	i'm having one of those inspirational poster moments where you fail a bunch of times before you succeed 	joy
	Just went into my moms closet for something and found all my Christmas presents  	surprise
	Money isn't made out of paper it's made out of cotton 	surprise
	så jävla glad! fick ett sms av amanda alldeles nyss hon är ju så långt bort blir ju extra glad när hon inte skulle höra av sig! 	surprise
	I can only hold so much tears back /3!  	sadness
	I guess everyone's wish came true last night no more twitter or phone for me 	sadness
	How big the wave or a ripple depends on the size of substance u throw into a still pond 	anger
	yea thats all I heard i was excited and I know u guys were too haha	sadness
	Heard the toilet flush and this girl walked straight out the restroom I know for a fact that she didn't wash her hands 	disgust
	Ewww people at BP are so smelly dirty !! Some kid threw up in his locker jus str8 left it there for a whole weekend !! *____* 	disgust
	Wish next doors kids would stop crying for one minute! 	anger
	Dammit just when the giants were making a fight fumble 	sadness
	quality tune! Forget everything and remember    	fear
	Excited for wednesday People are in for a surprise :) 	surprise
	-my phone is about to die my laptop is about to die 	sadness
	sorry wrong gram you were a hiphop dance?? :Oyou was a HIPHOP dancer??  really??wow	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Seriously shouldn't she be in a kitchen? Shouldn't someone be watching football? Shouldn't you be texting me back? 	sadness
	This seems to be a serious conversation! He seems to be making a proposal Lol :-) Thank you Kat! I love you! XoXo	fear
	happy early birthday girl we  youuuu more! 	surprise
	om in die lijn door te gaan: maken	surprise
	Right after you finish your essay on aphasia there is a lect on aphasia 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Every time I walk by a drain I think I'm gonna drop my phone down it 	fear
	If you want to be  KISS Keep It Simple Stupid tags:      	fear
	my weekend consists of various greek/church related things 	joy
	I meant that you aren't accompanied by any But yeah the other fact is strange too FS isn't really that hot here 	sadness
	Multiple people are texting me asking if our fb posts are real At first I said no after your 2nd I'm unsure 	anger
	I hate driving or riding over long bridges with nothing but water under it so much runs thru my eyes	fear
	ben nog even ver als net met 	surprise
	Headache first thing in the morning :(	joy
	cant stand the music on the sky movies advert especially the colin firth scene 	anger
	terrible headache+15 hours left at work+hungry= 	sadness
	Big is still awake DH is on his way home from the airportI'll let him deal with bed time 	surprise
	I think it's funny ya'll tweetin' bout my hood It's not surprising it made that show The met breeds hoodrats and gangbangas	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Pretty sure Kiss only ever play about 3 different songs And they're TGIF remix pisses me off And they say 'Gwetta' and 'Agwilera' 	anger
	i hate the human race  	anger
	No fuse today plus no goodmorning text 	sadness
	… et t'as pas encore tout vu !!! 	surprise
	stupid frost dragon keeps grabbing me through a stone pillar 	anger
	1 of the guys in this movie is the same guy who got killed in the movie 	fear
	Missing my sisters bridal shower tomorrow :(  I wish I was home 	sadness
	hantuuuu RT siska0789: Wosssh apakh itu☺RT zozemandolang: nampak ada yang baru warna item di garasi *tutup mata dulu* 	surprise
	Go take your band of trashy cronies and have sex in some rank cave somewhere out of my sight  	disgust
	Cowboys  Aliens is actually a pretty good movie despite it's elementary title 	surprise
	I have to be at school in exactly 12 hours and I still have to finish my IB assignment 2 English assignments and a math assignment  	joy
	Oke papa heeft net met stip het beste gedicht ooit geschreven voor mijn broertje! Ik lag letterlijk op de grond van het lachen 	surprise
	you look like your living in you should be after that voice note you sent me 	fear
	This girl always had a stuffy nose  as opposed to just getting a tissue she sucks her snot up	disgust
	 Talks Going Well? Most Pissed Off with  Play Acting  Playing Dangerous Games ?  	fear
	Just said bye to my girls I won't see them until next August after spending 3 months as their mentor!	sadness
	I hate mariah careys christmas music 	disgust
	I can't wait til my dad comes home and sees the speakers in my basement lmao 	surprise
	watching toy story 2 while writing up presentation notes 	joy
	Boxing my way of making a better man out of myself       	fear
	I think im scared of what the future holds I was wishing for some things and now im used to those 	fear
	My lil bro finally moved back home!!!   	joy
	Let's drink some beer  more beer my music's trying to tell me something	fear
	get the midget outta ur twit pic im having an axiety attack 	fear
	I love late night conversations about Jesus and the Gospel       	joy
	everytime i try to forget about you something always happens to make me remember 	joy
	i'm not even close to having an idea for my essay and all i want to do is lie in my bed and eat french fries 	sadness
	You thought you had a friend w/ benefits but really you've been in a committed relationship for 2 months 	surprise
	the huge thing holding most people back from greatness? 	fear
	“VINNYGUADAGNINO: False Evidence Appearing Real” what you don't know	fear
	sometimes when you have absolutely nothing to do the last option homework! 	joy
	You know that feeling you get before you make a decision that will effect the rest of your life? oh yeah its called 	fear
	J'avoue que je me m'attendais pas a ce que tu recoives mon tweet live quand je l'ai écris! Insomnie toi aussi?	surprise
	you gotta get a lil rowdy for the fsu and gator game!!!!!! THE SPEAR	fear
	just told me I am pear shaped 	joy
	the abuse that Christie Wilt and Kelly Chaffin inflicted on their student is grounds to never work with children again 	disgust
	Keihard aan t hobbyen stoeien met lijm dozen rubber  papier voor 'n kinky voor Kinky Klaas  Sado Piet zaterdagavond :-p	surprise
	Ouch! Hope it feels better soon I will pray for you! I am about to whip up some dinner then have a date with my eliptical 	joy
	Forgot to tell that I was changing my hairstyle came home with shorter darker hair 	surprise
	Went into the woods for a photo shoot and I got burs all over my Dior Homme scarf I am pissed  	anger
	In chance of sounding redundant: Action stems from feeling and feeling stems from thought Or 	fear
	Any other day it would be fine to record a video of LA streets but since the cops are  the  they it spreading	fear
	Can't stand guys that lie to girls saying they don't have a girl 	disgust
	Anger is the emotional result externalization of our own worth 	anger
	Turn that into high  not high profile! Be a  not a zero	anger
	I just hate it!!!!! why does she care if i'm late?!?!? aaaaaaaaaaaaa 	anger
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	I'm pretty sure that our play directors aren't even paying attention to us 	anger
	I cannot wait to buy presents for everyone!!!!!!   	joy
	   Its a big distraction from our lives They create the illusion of so we accept their Solutions $$	fear
	Toch nog maar even me bed in nog niet helemaal fit zaterdag hopelijk weer helemaal de oude!  	surprise
	Thx darlin'  I am not ready yet Much tonight He was only 12 yrs old! Taken by drunk driver :(	sadness
	I want to do my  show on fear What are tweet people afraid of? 	fear
	Bored out of my fucking mind  	sadness
	Rough morning coming back to work on a yucky day after a 4-day weekend 	sadness
	Ain't gonna lie much more excited to see at then Super Dragon even if they're the same person	fear
	My fb is running so slow I'm close to punching the screen 	anger
	i got a bunch of remixes but not the cd that they just released it was only from stand up and scream 	sadness
	The only thing worse than a skinny chick who think she's fat is a skinny chick who think she's thick!!! Smh 	sadness
	 - great time to think about how to make  to our world one of    free from  	fear
	khans Guno get knocked out  show boating is a sign of 	fear
	I always have a nose spot on my cup of coffee's cover :)	disgust
	if only the mind gets sharper as fatigue sets in 	sadness
	when you run out of the thing you wantand youre broke 	sadness
	Maybe doing black Friday to see all these crazy people 	joy
	You ain't gotta die to get to heaven  	fear
	Why do girls die there hair so blonde its white 	disgust
	When a guy says he needs a girl to be happy 	sadness
	Tomorrow is gonna suck ass 	joy
	I think I just found out who sent them! What a sweet gesture :) 	surprise
	Putain j'entends de ces bruits etranges dans la maison la !	fear
	OH YOU DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT THIS SMART ASS MOUTH OF MINES 	surprise
	Just found my new secret weapon in swimming 	anger
	I always wanna look at tumblr at work but there are too many naked body parts on my dashboard that it just seems inappropriate 	sadness
	Walking into uni with a heavy heart 	sadness
	Letters are the best things for feeling better 	surprise
	Menina de 11 anos: Ai eu estava pensando em ter um filho Eu fui lá e fiz - Parabéns fia! oo	fear
	Wow I haven't had this rush of adrenalin in a while 	anger
	Vernam kortelings dat James May van  alias Cpt Slow een muzikant zou geweest zijn bij Queen  	surprise
	Happy Holidays Let the family drama begin 	joy
	I have a package at the post office Can't think what could be in it  I don't remember internet shopping while drinking 	surprise
	Breaking dawn was actually so good 	surprise
	guess im moving to a new house sometime soon	surprise
	Feeling accomplished tonightFound a new yoga class I love baked some yummy treats for work and caught up w/an old friend  	joy
	 at  JAKARTA MAGICAL ELECTRO W/ DJ's:    MAGICIAN MASTER DANIEL GL:  InfoDUGEM	joy
	That quick moment when you have a surprise for someone and that someone is coming to where you are 	surprise
	Lady is getting a $30 M cake made w/ diamonds hope she takes that cake 2 feed all the starvin ppl Oh wait she's not 	surprise
	a creepy ass awesome game!	fear
	Everyone who likes music follow my homie were planning some big stuff for after the holidays! Keep your ears open! 	surprise
	Alas no good trending topics to mock today 	sadness
	I'm so tired Got work again tomorrow so another early morning 	joy
	 because vengeance is free but the price payed takes work 	disgust
	i can't stand telling a guy with three word 'i like you' scared of the reaction 	fear
	is making someone smile whose not having a good day and a tiny gesture like making them a cup of tea is thoughfull	joy
	Everyones left the room whilst mum does the christmas tree 	fear
	GM y'all Just woke up for my 4am meal and found the potato salad and greens already cooked and waiting for me!!! =)	surprise
	No sleep today can't even rest wen the sun is down 	fear
	Got halfway down the stairs realized my sister was still home came back upstairs 	disgust
	i was thinking the same thing not really but i love ur wise wrestling observations  i have the bad tonight	fear
	what do you know another bad teacher story! 	surprise
	can B a healthy early warning system if it keeps us out of dangerbut its important not 2 let our life B ruled by fear	fear
	Don't bury your until you've killed it When you bury living anger it functions as a seed  grows into a Bitterness Tree	anger
	I never noticed how long my hair is when is curly :o 	surprise
	I just fell running up my steps and the best part besides the embarressment I busted my lip 	joy
	“Y_Strahovski: NINE more days till the end of chuck forever”	sadness
	Best wel zenuwachtig wel hoor afscheidsfeestje van m'n werk waar ik al 12 jaar werkzaam ben geweest HAIRFRIENDSHAIR	surprise
	when a ride is on the bus you get a new love for him then they get off and you'll never know anything about him or see him again!	sadness
	i secretly placed the watch on a shelf in my brothers room he hasn't seen it yet but he will eventually  !	surprise
	It was bull shit it was all a fucking joke And when I think of you I hope you fucking choke   	anger
	Sooo im hearing bad things for Duck fans tonightdo i need to start yelling at the tv? 	sadness
	Thank you for turning my not-so-good-day into a super happy one!! I love you to the moon and back! 3 	surprise
	Stupid bitch looking me up and down as I walk in Go take ur face for a shit u dumb whore 	anger
	When u are sad and lonely remember this is true someone somewhere is thinking of you   	sadness
	for sure! and they've taken a nosedive since then kind of like EP after Irtiqa 	sadness
	absolute disgrace to world football! No idea ! In it for the money not the love of the game ! Racism talks are a joke 	disgust
	The nip in the air reminds me that christmas is here 	joy
	Love when mt boyfriend gets drunk and then no one knows where he is 	joy
	I bet 99% of high schoolers secretly love drama I guess the rest of us will have to wait it out for another year 	joy
	i love when people walk in my room and they see their christmas gifts 	surprise
	Anyway time to settle in for a nice plane ride and lots of Russia I reading 	joy
	 Dan Wood on SSRadio Deep  Soulful 	joy
	Last class with LH  review class  	surprise
	Thank you you guys for all the support we will be playing at either 3 45 or 5 so come watch your favorite team 	fear
	 RT kah_ay_tie: Honey HAHA RT kahreenahh: WHAT? I'm starvinggg RT kah_ay_tie: Guess what I'm eating Your fave	disgust
	We are shaped by our thoughts we become what we think When the mind is pure follows like a shadow that never leaves ~ Anonymous	joy
	Oh partyyy I get to wake up at 6:30 tomorrow morning!! 	joy
	thin lizzy now every twenty minutes 	joy
	I've started watching  I now think being a moral con artist could be a viable backup career Secret is: people are greedy 	surprise
	I feel like if I let ppl close to me ill end up hurt and betrayed 	fear
	Sleepin on the job  Gets a tap  on the shoulder  Lifts up head  says AMEN ! LOL  	surprise
	2-DO 2-DAY :    KUDT SINT IK DOE HET WERK EN HIJ GAAT ER MET DE EER VANDOOR	surprise
	Those last days proved to me that I have a good level of  skill	anger
	Break! Think of a time when you accomplished something difficult Enjoy the sense of achievement 	joy
	who have told me to ring the 800 number who are now not picking up the phone 	joy
	i would like to play //& my wife wont stop playing //& forever //&  	sadness
	☯ Hit the Delete Button - Every Time Fear Appears! ~Wayne Dyer (RT WayneDyerQuotes)  ✔YES!	fear
	 guess i should clean my room	sadness
	I release all struggle now and I am at peace    	joy
	you'd think you wouldn't be able to experience a place in just 4 months but when I take a look at my TO memory wall she looks full 	joy
	tout à l'heure tu aura une twitpic live de carrefour! 	surprise
	== lol WoWOMG “Iam_TPC: Fuck Grambling i bet y'all girls pussys stank”	anger
	RT BestWorstAdvice: Want to let your parents know that you're gay? Tell them during Christmas dinner 	surprise
	waiting patiently under her bed till she gets back 	surprise
	isn't of the Lord and it wasn't ever His plan for us to question our walk with Him as long as we're faithful and obedient 	fear
	I hate to say this but Edward Cullen seems less handsome in this movie :(	sadness
	Can't wait to wake up in the morning and see what saint nick brought me :) 	surprise
	Right peeps i'm off got my sister's ice skating show to go to 	joy
	lmao Ikr I had to make an appearance and pop up on somebody lol	surprise
	it's better not to share the egg and kid part haha =P	disgust
	oh that is  well in that case ill wait to say it to u in person itll be a great 	surprise
	Thanksgiving break = re-roofing the house 	joy
	That moment when you realise that the book you're reading just got interesting but you have to stop because your lunch ended 	sadness
	Fantastic Expectations Amazing Revelations 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Having a hard time right now Lots of Good thing it's time for Sunday night 	sadness
	First song of day I hear is levels how can I not be o town bound 	surprise
	Morgenavond kijkavond We starten om half 7iedereen is welkom om in de  stemming te komen	surprise
	yesterday I went to one of your restaurants and they were out of  vanilla frosty:( 	sadness
	Just this weekend I  my brothers in Christ at church were asked: Who has seen Jesus rise from the dead? well here it is 1John 1:1-4 	joy
	I've decided to live tweet my sorrows that will be the browns game 	sadness
	Seeing a stray dog run right pass you on Morehouse campus 	fear
	And I love knowing exactly what they are too Not a junkie	surprise
	I Am So Fascinated With The  Experience | Why? | He Is Hilarious! | His Behavior Was/Is Obnoxious  It Lent To Parody! | 	disgust
	It's always been a tradition in my family for all the girls to go shopping Thanksgiving night But we're not doing it this year :( 	sadness
	new gift for myself via - excited for the holiday season - but being vigilant  waiting till christmas to use it: 	surprise
	It amazes me how seems to b the chosen method of persuasion in our society these days Not 	fear
	Young Pregnant hoes thats not about they biz me	disgust
	College coaches The new Catholic priest 	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	What happened to originality? Everybody is following the same trend Nobody wants to step out of the box is a !	fear
	check your mail Please -) important for you from your fans	surprise
	lolololol! You too funny! I sure hope we parted on a good note :/ haha COGM and I are broken up 	sadness
	I will try it it's been a while since it happened this is the first time i could tolerate touching the keyboard 	sadness
	4 day till  now where did i put those tickets 	fear
	Randy get your historical facts right There are history majors in the audience 	surprise
	I love that color yellow on you :)  where too RT iMsofuqiNawesuM: Movie tonight wit N dinner guess where 	surprise
	YES I just love saying it Me Jess and Kayla started to watch it but they didnt like it 	anger
	Is really looking forward to my day off Friday 	joy
	A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step  Lao-tzu The Way of Lao-tzu Step into  	joy
	it's so weird not being with my family this year 	sadness
	Hier wordt hard gewerkt aan een voor j met visuele handicap Veul knopjes :)  	surprise
	I just had a horrible premonition of Vince Young winning tonite and down the stretch -- Vick ends up playing QB for the Jets next year 	fear
	That even more awkward moment when you have access commas 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Changed my twitter name because said people might find out were in love ( 	sadness
	CU_Problems: No Booster Juice on campus 	sadness
	I guess i'll always be mum's n dad's lil girl despite my character as Miss Independent 3  	joy
	Celebrate other people's happiness! It will increase your happiness as well :)  	joy
	I was casually looking for this months elle mag when amys tits were in my face on nuts or something I was like :/ 	joy
	wow i tweeted that a week ago and youre just now seeing it 	sadness
	Muziek opzetten en dan die tekening voor oma maken	surprise
	Want to go on x factor and sing Hound Dog On another note pinterest needs to sort itself out 	anger
	In bed feeling dizzy 	joy
	catty and i will be there   i want a roll pride t-shirt promise i'd wear it	surprise
	My sweet boyfriend showed up at my door with a chocolate chip waffle for breakfast  	surprise
	† I just feel like singin' \0/ ❤ \0/  Joy to the world the Lord is come! \0/ ♬ \0/  Let Heaven and earth receive our LORD! † 	joy
	Fuck! Gulat ako sa katabe ko Biglang nilabas yung boobs mag papadede pala ng baby -__- hahhaha! 	surprise
	wow I like a girl that will never like me back 	sadness
	I would pretend to care but even that is too hard 	surprise
	I hear factor is back on the air	fear
	  I could care less I loathe both teams Cheers	joy
	Just watched Nightmare City  Congratulations Umberto Lenzi High Tension no longer has the shittiest plot twist ever 	anger
	What the hack am i doing with my life? NOTHING because this dicksick ank come to fix my water yet 	anger
	IM ALL OUT OF BUTTER PECAN ICE CREAM! WHAT'S A BITCH TO DO? 	sadness
	Most people are secret haters They throw salt in the low! 	sadness
	The other highlight was seeing one of my students receive an important award I had nominated her but had no idea she was getting it 	joy
	You know I LOVE those but twice they've made me puke so I can't drink them any more 	sadness
	Old people! Stop taking forever to do things!!  	anger
	catching up on true blood whilst not studying	joy
	happy birthdayyyyy  i love you so much pretty girl! i hope you liked your party haha	surprise
	  Rendez-vous demain à 15h à l'Apple Store Opéra pour vivre un instant magique !	surprise
	im planning on spending like 3 hours in the gym tomorrow 	joy
	Rainy Mondays in Novemberbrrrrrrr  curiously beautiful  	joy
	yeah I'm the funny one eating the buiscuit haha looka us on tv	surprise
	Can’t wait for a big surprise tomorrow!!! A wish is coming true at our building 	surprise
	Poor KaitlinWilbanks she needs sleep so bad  	sadness
	Fucking Egg mentions Blow TF outta me 	joy
	 = extra time added to the no non-purpose bread  no candy diet 	joy
	Well My car is total wrecked Miss it already Pff 	sadness
	coming home from an exhausting day  To do math homework 	joy
	I have an intense of screwing in lightbulbs because I feel like it's going to shatter in my hands	fear
	Because it's true? RT Dani_Coupet: Wow this is RT Fellas money can make a lot of these women do anything	disgust
	Curling my hair actually looks good 	surprise
	Sometimes i do wish i had black hairit is much eaiser to find hair weave   :(	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	They need to make a separate locker room for women that feel the need to show their chuckles and ta tas to the world with no shame 	disgust
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear - not absence of fear Mark Twain   	fear
	considering how slowly this paper is getting written- I am going to need some elf juice Then I will become Dark Billy 	fear
	Ahhh nice nice :) im scared to play infield soo much I get nervous during drills if im short stop! Lol	fear
	Its my birthday! I'm officially 14(: any shout outs? It would make me feel special 	joy
	Another day of school coming up while being ill	joy
	ik heb m gisterav gauw afgemaakt Een heuse  Mag ik ni zeggen met n a4 gedicht 	surprise
	zo omkleden en zo even naar een winkel voor een cadootje voor me pa 	surprise
	You will be able to enjoy the newest signature coffee blends by which has not been published yet  	surprise
	Plan for the last assignment is done Just need to write the bloody thing now 	joy
	Just make it a lifelong event  RT madbec42: 2 minutes until  is over 	sadness
	Got my classes set up for the spring! Now off to work 	joy
	These damn walmart computers are so slow! I just want to finish this CBL in 10 minutes 	anger
	I hate computers and research papers 	sadness
	Woooooooooo hello ma bbm friend *winks*RT Syandathedeejei: Had an awesome day with her today :-)  	joy
	Huisje kuizen voor de familie die straks komt  Wellicht kloppen er nog wel 2 pieten aan straks 	surprise
	Thuis na een leuke avond Mijn super mooie adidas horloge gekregen en de dvdbox van gooische vrouwen 	surprise
	Gorgeous  morning isn't it? No people in the pic? wants to see muscle shirts  slabs	surprise
	 RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	lol yea oops good job lol	surprise
	Family christmas party  	joy
	Why is greed so prevalent in these United States? 	fear
	Pretty snowfall lump o' dried cat barf found in couch Tempted to keep drinking tea  pretend I never saw it 	surprise
	My soul has just been pierced by the most evil look from rickosborneorg A mini panic attack  chill in bones followed soon after 	fear
	Went to Ottawa to buy 3 sets of the MARTOPdishes that you advertisedI was told they never had them at that location 	sadness
	Chaii RITA d devil is a lair o!GOD lol	fear
	Thank you for the beautiful inspiring and thoughtful necklace and card You are incredible and it means the world to me 	joy
	Sports appreciation final I'm gonna miss this class it was actually a lot of fun 	surprise
	I hate when u don't show up 	sadness
	This girl next to me smell like a sour cucumber 	disgust
	christmas tree hunting with the fam 	joy
	sometime I don't even have to talk to my kids I give them certain looks and they know exactly what to do 	fear
	Looks like ill be single forrr life 	joy
	I'm so getting in live stream chat when I get home! 	anger
	Just reached home from Mass 3rd week of advent Pink candleof lit  	joy
	I love but he doesn't love me back :( 	sadness
	I like doing stuff for my close friends when they don't expect it for lexi_peters	surprise
	The choir was on fire this morning And the fire alarm in the church thought literally 	surprise
	MY DAD IS COMING HOME FROM IRAQ FIVE MONTHS EARLY!!   	joy
	Gonna learn to how skin a deer 	joy
	I have 1 Christmas wish 1! And yet it just won't happen:( 	sadness
	I would have hope the rankings had been accurate Now its  time :-(	sadness
	Doh!! RT Samy_Dhere: so  get everything and those who choose not to be pay the price for NOT being assholes 	anger
	depressed that i missing the AMAs :( stop tweeting you're making things worse with your necessary commentary 	sadness
	Omg Ill so check for this same channel for if they have it back 	joy
	it brings me to watch my nieces and nephews faces on Christmas eve when my dad does the famous Santa routine :)	joy
	Swamped with homework tonight  	joy
	Woke up this morning to my mom beating on my apt window an hour away from home Not much is scarier than that 	surprise
	I always tell people I'm not much for surprises and that I hate them However I really would LOVE to be surprised this weekend 	surprise
	ik doe t alleen om de kids die de pech hadden door die van mij getrokken te zijn traumavrij te houden 	surprise
	wyy ppl put 9month olds in pageents wen sum kant even wlk! 	sadness
	A little bit of soap entered to my eye when I was taking a bath :(	sadness
	i just narrowly escaped being left solo with 2 children 	fear
	Finished Christmas Shopping!! Yippee! :) Now it's time 2 shop for family gifts!! :D	surprise
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I hate when Twitter doesn't allow enough characters for a meaningful tweet )	sadness
	sergio busquets diving and making a meal of things 	surprise
	you're home SO SOON!!! I cannot even begin to explain my excitement about seeing your face again and tucking into a carvery!! 	joy
	You can't beat a bit of Division Interzone	joy
	 when you get so bored you end up looking through tweets until you get to the ones marked 37 hours ago	sadness
	Getting close to finals time I've got a pretty big  qualifier today Record a rant for me this weekend haha 	anger
	hello good morning in biology today I have to open one eye :s	disgust
	Keep looking at my phone waiting a txt even tho i know I won't get one 	sadness
	Treatment all morning now food and school 	joy
	love it! the ultimate adult weapon!haha!	fear
	random  I been in th crib all day  	joy
	My Friend is on today's Factor anyone know how I can watch it in the UK?!!!!	fear
	We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the fireman     	sadness
	Ok se me acaba de subir solo el volumen del equipo de musica y se cayo el trapo amarillo que estaba en la mesada 	fear
	Ugh -___- stuck at my grandma's house with my annoying dad for the next few hours	joy
	Watching Winnie the Pooh with my baby sisteranyone who knows me understands this is a big deal	fear
	The bitch is leaving the jungle 	joy
	I fear no one but Allah And i put my most of my trust in Allah  	fear
	 is to do calc problemsthat has been my life for the last 3 hours and will be for the rest of the night 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Suppose I'd better crack on Have new HV coming out to meet us 	joy
	shot of the day! RT phir aap mere husband ko follow karo tho behtar hai :p	sadness
	They probably don't realise it but that was the closest they have ever been to death 	fear
	I thought that was waterturns out it was straight vodka 	surprise
	Finally cleared my desk for some work space is not watching television online Wow finals must be coming soon 	fear
	We are watching that video of that girl getting beat by her father who is a judge 	disgust
	Everytime I hear from my East Coast family it makes me miss them even more than usual 	sadness
	finally found hummus here and it tastes like shit 	sadness
	my California cousins left today It was definitely a good time though 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you buy your bf a ticket to Soundwave for Christmas and then he breaks up with you  	surprise
	Ik heb nog wel wat stukjes uni geel en zwart liggen maar niet zo veel geloof ik Wat ben je van plan? 	surprise
	Got completely soaked walking to the caf Now I'm uncomfortable 	sadness
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	is having more respect for the problem than for the solution It's magnifying the storm when you should be magnifying the 	fear
	Going off of a couple hours of sleep 	joy
	 !!!!!!! I very very very very love my aunt!!!! She's bought that Supras!!! I had feeling! This is just 	surprise
	We Are Here To Love   Be Loved     for   and -  A  today Wo Hoooo!	joy
	still pray everyday that you'll just show up at my house one day 	surprise
	I love when I stumble upon the brilliant on my internet travels - fills my cup right up! 	joy
	Just had my wine upgraded to a fume blanc Lovely 	surprise
	The laundry room in our basement currently houses the world's largest cricket 	fear
	Bowled with my girlfriend tonight and had fun She didn't know I was coming 	surprise
	All I've got to show for today being at college is moving 3000places in the world series 	joy
	I just wrapped the first Christmas present of the year :) 	joy
	Holy shit I just weighed myself for the first time since before college  I put on 13 pounds in a semester Pure in myself	disgust
	In other news completely forgot we have family pictures today 	joy
	Top class cunt!!! Park your car outside your own fucking house before you don't have car to fucking drive!!!! 	anger
	akhirnya nyalain leptop lagi buat YM !!  hurry to chat too sleepy !!	anger
	I've been joined in the Soudain gamble by the man the Scunny bookies call bespectacled death  	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	YES time for everyones fav time of the year! putting up those x-mas light 	joy
	and loathing my man fear and loathing -H S Thompson	fear
	Bon je vais chez le coiffeur Je sais pas comment je vais revenir 	surprise
	Van Spanje tot down under staat een  klaar gelukkig zonder aldaar Van te voren alles op een rij dat maakt je toch 	surprise
	precisely its all about changing the thought process  	fear
	I wish I could watching tear it up at the wearhouse right now But can't do shows on school nights  	sadness
	There's nothing more I hate then the year 10 year group spending an afternoon with them 	joy
	En serio? Tu estas jodiendo? RT SanMelquiades: Me llegó un cheque de estimulo federal este año tambien hay? 	surprise
	Hey gdungan3008 care to explain this Turner Gill fella? 	sadness
	So you don't want to even imagine the sounds and moves I've just made 	joy
	If Reseda riots Legion Larry will straighten us all out  	fear
	I've said it before and I'll say it again maybe you learn something this time: is what makes a clear mind clouded	anger
	Een productieve dag achter de rug 	joy
	What is 1 thing U  about connecting on twitter? I am constantly blown away by ppls love authenticity  humor! 	joy
	just got home seeing we only have 1 follower makes me sad 	sadness
	Zo  klaar! Nog nooit zo op tijd anders altijd 5 minuten van tevoren Nu de nog 	surprise
	lots of things bring me like my bed but I have to say Christmas  I love it especially when I'm with family! Xmas= 	joy
	when in my 19 years of existence have I wrote like that? And good job 	surprise
	atleast I don't talk to people I've never even met 	sadness
	people think that  is a sign of weaknessIt is that is a sign of weaknesspatience is a sign of strength ~ Dalai Lama	anger
	Time to relax with The Chronicles of Narnia 	joy
	Intelligence puts man on the throne Faith puts God there     	fear
	iPods dying but I can't find the charger 	joy
	Sorry kiddies no service today due to Mechanic issues   Stay tuned for updates 	sadness
	I love the  cover album but Justin Beiber? Really 	sadness
	There's a George Carlin tribute on PBS tonite at 10:30 but I'll never make it 	sadness
	Even crackers and Mac n chees isn't making this better :/ 	sadness
	ahh damnit  - first thing you've not told me :( so excited for the though!!	surprise
	correct we've missed like two tuesday lunch dates in a row :( 	sadness
	Molasses cookies taste like and  Thanks  for the recipe	joy
	Grease burns hurt like a mother 	sadness
	 Zara it's not looking good  yes she's pointing the finger at the project manager 	surprise
	also this afternoon's cookie was a little stale 	sadness
	Mustard Man! Woo Woo Bow Down! A shout out for all those who know what mustard man does	surprise
	Miss my boy-toy :( can't function without him :( 	sadness
	Just scored the last batch of chicken tenders ever from Beauregards on Airport 	sadness
	SexcBlkDiamond: Åbout to go take a final good luck I got some for u if u pass 	surprise
	Christmas mix cd in the car 	joy
	RIP Gary Speed thoughts go out to his wife and kids! 	sadness
	My hair almost got stuck in the door this morning :( time for a hair cut maybe? 	sadness
	Mes Yeux brillaient lorsque m'a Follow !  C'était 1 belle après la journée de merde que j'avais passée	surprise
	lmbo hahaha I told u man mom knew but dad didn't o but he was going to find outsmh 	surprise
	Now for an exciting night of paper writing! 	sadness
	Hopsakaas alle sinterklaascadeautjes  in de pocket! Nu alleen nog wat gerijmbijm en geknutsel en gefrutsel  	surprise
	grandma just pulled a knife out of the christmas decorations boxbeen lost since last year 	surprise
	Today I wrote a to-do list and the ooonly thing that gone donewas the actual writing of the to do list!  	sadness
	So instead of partying I have to stay in a hotel by myself the entire weekend 	joy
	WHO PUTTHEIRPLATEOFFOODONMYDRUMSET?  	anger
	LADIES: If I don't feel like ur level of is appropriate for whatever I did to  it I ignore u I won't try 2 make u feel better	anger
	My niece calling to sing Happy Birthday to me  !!	joy
	feel like making singing videos  	surprise
	Sale al myl birkin hermes bagsick of it almost all people wear it with proud suffer 4 societywhile so many children suffer 4 hunger 	anger
	no sleep last night visitors coming today 	joy
	GM!!! Hope today be a great day for everybody!! 	joy
	Tendulkar evades his 100th 100 Federer cries with joy on clinching the Paris Masters and Vettel loses a chance to equal Schumacher 	sadness
	not ready to leave home yet 	sadness
	Truck load of uni work that need doing when I get back 	joy
	that awkward moment when you hate everything with a pulse 	anger
	i should make my facebook password a word i have trouble spelling quickly i would learn it sooo fast  	surprise
	My mom secretly had a hotel room booked for New Orleans 2 blocks from the Superdome this whole time 	surprise
	you make me want to dye my hair dark But I'm going even blonder tomorrow :) 	surprise
	Wanted to leave by 4 Heading out at 5 Still going to be a great night 	surprise
	 You Would Be Mad Too!! LoL RT RoneDaRuler: lol I would love to cut you off 	joy
	having all the family who lived scattered about the uk all meet at mum  dads for the best family day and Christmas meal 	joy
	just put cheese slices on toast melted under the grill with beans and scrambled egg! 	joy
	Tiger Woods won 	surprise
	oh i got so fucked up last night but ur 15 tho  where the hell are ur parents  they probably only 25 	disgust
	you should be getting your early x mas present sometime in the next couple weeks 	surprise
	Je ne pensais pas que le voyage était si court pour aller en Martinique et à Sainte-Lucie 	surprise
	Como una expresión tan simple una sola oración puede llegara dañarte tanto 	sadness
	Everytime someone says I am lucky I wanna punch em' in the face And then I start counting from 1 to 10 I am just blessed  	anger
	Non ? Genre avec Andy Woody Monsieur Patate et tout ?! 	fear
	Lack of  that makes people  of meeting challengesI  in myself~Muhammad Ali    	fear
	While all you psychotic people are out  for  I'll be sleeping 	joy
	i have these letters in my room for stickers and i look down and there's an S-E-X and i immediately thought of 	surprise
	and my poor poor jacket? 	sadness
	make that 6 fire alarms in one night fuck you derwent 	anger
	I love you ! I hope you had a great time tn ! :D  	surprise
	Shaking that fucking bell isn't gonna make me give you money its gonna make me punch you in the face 	anger
	No mixing drinks for me today Postponed till January leaving me to tackle this Canadian Cinema essay 	sadness
	My nails are so ugly Painting them when i finish cleaning my room 	joy
	A  man may feel more than you and me But he doesn't show it	fear
	car ride home 	joy
	Happiness depends on happenings Always seek Joy! 	joy
	What's up with females recently? No guy is ever good enough for any of you?! Hearts seem to be spilling all over twitter 	sadness
	a possible fracture that i wont find out for sure til a few days later smh and im on crutches 	joy
	I was on my sister phone then iopened the wrong text message by accident and read something eww D !	disgust
	Art teacher isn't even hear 	joy
	Mum just texting me saying me  dad have a surprise for you when your home Im hoping its not surprise we have no roof  	surprise
	*SMH* Muting the TV YOU will NOT ruin my visual -_- 	fear
	I live about an hour from Burbank tooMaybe I will purchase today and get it by Fri so I can watch it before 	fear
	People party like it's a religion -____- 	sadness
	The  could be more than just a sport I am now viewing this as a perfect example for practising replacement of 	anger
	ben tu n'as pas le choix pour une fois :-) 	fear
	that's a bad bumper sticker not a rational argument   	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	latest  evidence states  hijack is no longer a valid excuse for so thanks for the article!	anger
	You're so kind and you're one of my favorites Thanks for your friendship ✖❁✖❁☀~☀♥☀*•♡*¸¸*   Light  to you☀♥☀ zbleumoon	joy
	I just wanna know why hasn't hit me with that follow backeven though he knowssss I'm his biggest fan!? lol	sadness
	You are worthy O Lord our God to receive glory and honor and power! Rev 4:11 ALL GLORY TO GOD! THANK YOU!	joy
	craving ice cream right now	sadness
	What a great gift for my Secret Santa! cc glambr	surprise
	Waking up to sunny skies what a nice 	surprise
	Wishes my iPhone was also a remote control 	joy
	oh mike isn't coming home tonight? 	surprise
	So what did I do with my today?  in the   on heavy  and standing bb shoulder press 	anger
	2011WHATZ WRONG WITH YOU !? wanna delete !!!!!  these   !!!!  good!!!!	sadness
	No material object   pleasure or  can exist within a present moment I am free within present moment with joy  bliss	fear
	I'm not big on flying RT bocalegend: Sky 12? Wasn't that called Suzanne's Air Force at one time?	fear
	Well this is a twist in finals week Chris just showed up at my apartment 	surprise
	Yummy I want ☹ RT MozaAlMazrou: Paella for lunch! 	joy
	ouch!! I thought you'd be less focused on them n more focused on my booty? =[   	sadness
	Can't remember my club penguin login info 	sadness
	goh dat vind ik nog eens aardig van je Helaas moet ik er zo wel uit Moet nog aan de knutsel 	surprise
	Fuck all yall we ignore feelins here pre mature millionaire 	fear
	I am almost scared to go to 4th period Someone is always shooting mean looks or snapping at me for talking or laughing 	sadness
	son las 12 sigo en cama viendo tv  	joy
	In case anyone forgot how much it hurts to have you hand closed in a door It really does  the applying makeup is even more painful 	joy
	3 Big Song Coming Peeps! !	surprise
	So who do we have in the Friday night mid-major game of the week? Oh yeah At least there's no Craig James	sadness
	At school working on math and spanish homework then going home around 4:30 taking a nap then writing and editing about 5 essays 	joy
	Mom  dad are coming to BG to eat with me then time to study my life away until Tuesday 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Black Friday shopping for the first time ever! Good thing I'm not clastraphobic! 	joy
	He asked was it THAT BAD I said I'm afraid so it was fucking HORRIBLE 	disgust
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Bardstown rd aglow is stupid Quit parking in front of my house for this stupid 'event'   	anger
	I love thinking about old memories when going through baby pictures 	joy
	Loneliness It can cause a bad effect-- when we least expect it and have the lowest tolerance for it I only want it when I'm reading 	fear
	Tomorrow band practice again  	sadness
	oh wack I am so so sorry to hear of your loss I'll be thinking of you and your friends who will miss Drew greatly 	sadness
	So tired Dx still feeling a bit down cause i still haven't find my other earring studs Dx 	sadness
	I love how kiernan makes a point of telling me to spread the word that she put up a new study guide when she never even put it up 	anger
	Is she duck-facing in her wedding picture? JastaAce	disgust
	is going to be at The National tonight Guess who's not going to be at The National tonight? Me 	sadness
	you can't be a true coldplay fan if all you've heard is Mylo Xyloto! what about Rush of Blood to the Head?! X  Y Viva La Vida ect!? 	anger
	guess who's actually coming to class today! Meee haha	surprise
	Why do I read the comments on any article of any kind ever?   	anger
	haha alright yeah not in much tomorrow and then gotta be in Wednesday -__- pfft gotta talk to Andy and Sue too not	joy
	When the words you're writing don't pass through the part of your brain that actually comprehends them  	surprise
	PnP loses any sort of even remote association with credibility when it has a virulent goof like Flanagan on the show 	disgust
	When people sing the wrong words to a song 	anger
	more of a bud than one that puts my bud inna choke hold taylor_rigali	anger
	We sign around 4000 new businesses every day About 60% of the top 100 universities in the US are on   	surprise
	Spanish mid term on my birthday 	joy
	I'm starving! And there ain't shit to eat -___-	joy
	man that was a crazy set! Ur on ya $hyt But so am I! Lol 	surprise
	It's  today and I am really looking forward to lighting the first candle on the new  candlestick I made yesterday! 	joy
	Westham didn't win my bets are will be drowning his sorrows tonight and won't see me tomorrow 	joy
	Spinaach dip and sparklers HAPPY BIRTHDAY nabrotzkyy	surprise
	‘Tis the season and PLAYMOBIL is feeling especially festive this year! Be sure to tune in tomorrow for a BIG contest announcement! 	surprise
	Oops I think I didn't pull Boondock Saints out of that box before donating it to the Hampden Family Center 	surprise
	ok I brought a Bama sweater and I thought about you so I was going to buy you one but it wasn't my money 	surprise
	OUR tax $$$ buying tear gas  repression so the 1% who dont pay taxes dont have to hear dissent from the 99% who do  	disgust
	My brother just took me to where him  his friends rolled a tuck 8 times 	sadness
	What outstanding pathetic fallacy outside right now  :'(	sadness
	Eurozone meltdown recession Iran crisis pensions crisisthis is one happy news programmeoh and a bloody drought warning 	joy
	i miss you lizski! we also need to hang out because i haven't seen you since camp 	sadness
	today could be the daylove that early :) :)	surprise
	Gedichtje gemaakt en spulletjes bij elkaar geraapt om een mooie surprise in elkaar te flansen!  	surprise
	Remembering the moment when i started twitter and said how the fuck do i get in lists?!?!? and i still think that till this day 	sadness
	I'm so upset Clemson won that I will cry myself to sleep tonight :'(  	sadness
	office  today  who got who? Presents next Monday 	surprise
	The day I first met you you told me you'd never fall  but now that I know you I know is what it really was!	fear
	and let the chemistry homework begin 	joy
	Hope the Australian tour doesn't end up like the English one 	fear
	 Give up our liberties and freedoms and we have succumbed to terror GOP Steal our freedom in the name of  	fear
	That moment where I have to get up but I don't want to leave your arms 	sadness
	That feel when you're in love with a girl who lives a thousand miles away 	sadness
	it will be ugly! They gone be the team this year	surprise
	SO excited to give my secret santa their gift!  	surprise
	Found my first gray hair today  	sadness
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	Off to my 2nd homethe music studio! Yayay! 3 It's been a LONG while since I've been there! :') Practicing on my cover song 	surprise
	Où j'apprends l'existence d'un groupe qui s'appelle Pitbulls parce que j'ai reçu une photo de ma fille avec eux ^^ 	fear
	Bad news guys Lost my hipster glasses Swagger on a negative hundred thousand trillion 	sadness
	Thank you SOOO much You have blessed me so much tonightI cannot express enough thanks 	joy
	otherwise nate and cam end up wearing my clothes 	disgust
	Zoekende naar idee voor iemand  die 2x (heen-terug) met auto over zijn  notebook is gereden Iemand leuk idee? 	surprise
	I forgot to text back but i thought that she didnt text me back 	sadness
	thats literally the definition of my life these days 	sadness
	Boobs don't count if you're fat  in pictures 	disgust
	Cubiclenama by is what Bill Bryson is for travelogues 3S - Sharp skeptic and sarcastic 	joy
	Another evening another cup of coffee 	surprise
	One of the worst feelings in the world: finally admitting you've lost that summery glow Hello pale winter 	sadness
	Bordel elle sort d'où Miss Bretagne ? 	fear
	number 1 would have to be spiders i fucking hate them	fear
	I wish I could go to the black Friday sale at target I want pointless stuff that I wouldn't buy if it wasn't like free 	sadness
	Perhaps parts of the US will realize that the 2nd amendment is by no means absolute and enact stricter gun control laws 	sadness
	Laying in bed so tired that you can't fall asleep Ya it happens 	anger
	Why Mariah Carey has allowed Justin Bieber to defecate all over her perfectly good song is beyond me 	disgust
	THE JERRY SPRINGER SHOW ME	disgust
	Sleep for an hour and then back up for school 	joy
	whenever someone says my middle name i get nervous cuz thats what my mom calls me when shes angry that 	fear
	Listening to HipHop (Mos Def Fugees Common J Dillah) in the former communist part of Berlin That's one thing I did NOT expect 	surprise
	the days are long but the years are short says how true especially as we begin december! already?! 	surprise
	Zo m'n auto is weer (even) schoon nu m'n huisje opruimen afmaken en dan richting !	surprise
	Just saw an empty Summer Shandy box next to my Aunt's fridge But no Liene to be found 	sadness
	So my twin brother is out with some girl named Azizah while im here at home with bibik  	joy
	A quanto pare il xmas mood di quest'anno e`velato di negativita`!!! 	sadness
	Bed time Oh wait I have a phone call 	sadness
	THIS DAY REMINDS ME OF THE FIRST DAY I EVER GOT PUSSY! 	joy
	Parents evening tonight 	joy
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	just watched a lady throw her crackberry on the ground of a parking lot out of frustration wait until she has to turn it back on	anger
	Making art and viewing art are different at their core!   	fear
	Why is there aload of one direction crap on my tweet homepage? 	disgust
	Woa I turn on the TV and FC  leads 1:0 against   	surprise
	If this movie blows I have a couple great horror ones to replace it  be fodder for my night terrors  	joy
	thnx! een party! We gingen met vrienden eten en Erwin werd met een smoes naar een feestzaaltje gelokt! -)	surprise
	omg how could i forget! I wana be there so baddd :'( i miss u too love 	sadness
	The joy when you find a tenner in your wallet That's another 4 pints for me 	surprise
	La paura di rimanere solo non è mai stata tanto forte 	fear
	looks like he's crashing at his parents who gave up his old room for the family dog management needed	anger
	Break! What is your favorite food? See it smell it taste it Feel the enjoyment of eating it right now 	joy
	At this Rate lol I Might Push Back  Cuz I'm Not Workiin Hard Enough Too Many  and knows why lol	fear
	It's always a little frightening to stick your hands in the pockets of a jacket you haven't worn in a year  	surprise
	Don't let block u from doing what u want 2 do~Judy Wilhelmina     	fear
	Mum and Dad left £20 and some sweets on our bed 	surprise
	Everyone hates everyone what a mad world we live in 	sadness
	Vanochtend voorgesprek presentatie van event gehad en nu om de tafel voor format dinershow met klant! Daarna Sintinkopen doen 	surprise
	Truthfully as I get older I find much more GIVING gifts rather than getting gifts! 	joy
	There's still some people who doesn't believe I was originally born as a girl ! p	surprise
	no Walking Dead tonight! arggghhhhh 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Good morning Universe I promised to be too large for worry too strong for fear toooo happy to permit the presence of trouble 	joy
	I honestly see some people posting stuff like that 	sadness
	Zo naar school gelukkig vroeg vrij! Wel een hele drukke middag   	surprise
	when you spend enough time thinking youll realize decisions never get easier and bad news only gets worse 	sadness
	Watching Beauty and The Beast to start my day 	joy
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	monday night before break = thursday night on a normal week  	surprise
	In Pennsylvania staying in the Yough Treehouse? My Dad actually snagged a quality cabin 	surprise
	Excuses are something people make up when they something or punk out u stepped into it so 	fear
	Uh is that like a promotion? Just when I thought I was a shitty employee 	surprise
	been up for a straight 20 hours and still have homework to do 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	is momentary madness -Horace	anger
	Harry potter weekend surprise	surprise
	Still got about half of my homework to do and an algebra quiz to study for Then gotta be at school EXTRA early 	joy
	Of course my computer chooses tonight to go crazy 	anger
	Time to start on this essay 	joy
	Moved my neck too fast and now I can't move it to the right without legit crying  	joy
	Not ready to go back to school now especially now that my little bro is sick 	sadness
	Gonna sleep to 1 pm again tomorrow no exam for me !! :)    	joy
	Playing basketball two hours away standing in the huddle look up in the stands is sitting there hmmm much	surprise
	I always feel bad when we leave the dog all alone 	sadness
	Outside in the rain looking for my lost ring -_-	joy
	Studied for a quiz that I thought I had today rechecked the syllabusno quiz  	joy
	struggling to function right now shower it is I need to wake my self up! let's hope I don't fall 	joy
	Morning what a good weekend we had RvP's belter then Stoke managed to put Spurs in their place 	joy
	I wish my and twitter friends were in my real life :( 	sadness
	Yeah my days and nights are mixed up and I'm WIDE awaaaaakeee :)  	joy
	there are no venus fly traps in the god forsaken country gah 	anger
	Me and Celebrating wit my Lil SIS first baby showerI hope it ain't no more to come!!! 	joy
	Break! 1000 Angels are cheering for you blessing you You are fully supported Feel  enjoy it 	joy
	What u be AFRAID of is never as bad as what u imagine! The u let build up in ur mind is worse than the situation that actually exists!	fear
	: i grew some balls today did the unexpected i failed at the challenge my balls have shriveled 	sadness
	 Gon Pay CapCity a Visit Later this Week *A Moment of Silence for All these Dead Rappers* 	fear
	Have to write a 2 page essay on somethin that happend 3 thousand years ago and do math home work by tonight 	joy
	My Only In Life Is A Wedding Ring	fear
	I'LL MISS YOU BETSY We never fit into your sweater today 	sadness
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	That painful moment when you see someone really attractive at a random place  know that you'll never see them again 	sadness
	But you HAVE to be here before 12 (and that's daytime not night time) and bring swimming cossie!  	surprise
	I think I'm getting a blister on my thumb from hobby whittling  	sadness
	I'm afraid of being alone for too long I'll read too much news and drown in my own tears  	fear
	my friends nan just sent me the most disgusting message 	anger
	Gonna finally try to read some of my bookI have no time for books since school started 	sadness
	no work today time to bake cookies for  stoked? autumnlaurelle	surprise
	Oh! I just raid these red ants can bite in our airways They get swollen and the person will have to be hospitalizedAnd i ate many :(	fear
	suffering from a of failure? what is the worst case scenario? If it is not that bad why are you still afraid?Hmmm I think I am goin…	fear
	This girl on tv crying cause her mom gonna be away for a weeki would be crying tears of 	joy
	Why am I surprised that not lots of tweeters who are not tweeting today?  	surprise
	Haha I've heard it all before Can't wait for this to turn around and slap you in the face 	surprise
	Dammit Just ran into children caroling at the tube station There goes my humbug  	joy
	RIP Patrice O'Neal  so funny on and on the charlie sheen roast  	sadness
	I accidentally bought dark chocolate peppermint bark instead of milk chocolate :(    	sadness
	Left work sad that I had to stop listening to longshotpodcast Just remembered I can listen on my new smart phone on the way home! 	joy
	This is an episode of Jerry Springer cause it's gettin' hot  	anger
	I LOVE YOU GREYSON! 3 I am so excited for the friday :DDDDD goooooodnight!	surprise
	5 more tweets until I have 2000! This time around the  is coming with a rather than a mistake! What could it be?	surprise
	i come home to find no one home :( wah	surprise
	Aww the world's oldest dog dies in Japan! I always see that dog in the news 	sadness
	Sometimes your is the source of your  but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy 	joy
	So tired Getting ready then off to grandmas house! I wish I had money to shop tonight	joy
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	met pim emile paul en wachten op tom	surprise
	I don't think we have had a conversation in quite some time 	sadness
	 It Will Rain Bruno Mars  	sadness
	great computerhoven got nominated   it has no soul period	joy
	You do mine and I'll do yours I had a leg spasm two nights ago and it still hurts 	joy
	 1-2 voor tegen  / Met deze stand is  de tegenstander in de halve finale 	surprise
	We must come to understand that Love has dual hands /& cautious if wandering for Love’s might is laundering  	fear
	did you do the thing? my phone broke 	surprise
	Omo pastorRT MorpheusEnt: The fear of the  is the beginning of wisdomdoing His will connotes His 	fear
	Kai  BadtMan_MarQuiz: took a leak  he sed he feels like he jst had an orgasm 	sadness
	Thought i saw cory monteith at the bus stop It wasnt him 	sadness
	Cannot believe I'm staying in on another Friday night!!! It will feel good to wake up not hungover tomorrow 	surprise
	I Broke Up With Cause I Finally Realized It Was Holding Me Back I'm In Love With  Now It's Now My Motivation	fear
	Gah! Weird allergic reaction that closes my throat  makes it difficult to swallow appears to have been triggered by cheese 	sadness
	n there's always a friend that forgets to txt yu on a daily basis	sadness
	Que bad :((( ontem eu perdi um brinco e a bolinha do meu piercing ¬¬¬¬¬' 	anger
	I really hope that your not naked when you come in your room I decided to come up from the basement 	surprise
	Één keer per jaar zoek ik me een ongeluk naar lijm plakband en andere knutselspullen het idee is het halve werk 	surprise
	little run in the rain during lunch 	joy
	so im just wondering how u  are doingi was feeling a bit of tension last week	anger
	How some people live with the choices they have made is beyond me 	disgust
	So the day after my class ended where I needed  file support in the   app the update brings it  	anger
	Merkelozy : we are absolutely determined to keep the euro as a stable currency  - Sauf qu'ils ne décident pas…  	fear
	I Feel Bad For My Cousin 	joy
	Hey les petits amis quoi de mieux pour commencer la semaine qu'un petit cadeau des  ?! surveillez bien   	surprise
	ugh can't even listen to my fucking ipod! 	anger
	I'm allergic to corn stop trying to offer me popcorn Also it's 8 am 	disgust
	AMEN!  you can tell Him ANYTHING!! He is more than anxious to Grace u with spiritual maturity  set u on your path 	joy
	Couldn't even stay at school going back for practice in two hours though 	joy
	Soon as you make a move in da city here go crab tryna pull u back down! 	fear
	Its funny how people who follow you eventually unfollow you only because you never followed them back 	sadness
	I will spend most of my day before my birthday studying for my permit test  	joy
	Let me pause for a moment has grown quite a bit	anger
	 but I absolutely just hated the smell of the bathroom that I was just in it smelled like tangy coochies! 	disgust
	Fake people fake friends now even a fake christmas tree 	sadness
	Would be tweetn mah ass off but phone about to die {-_-}  No where near a out-let 	sadness
	done with history and geography civics tiiiimeee --	joy
	just ate 8 of out 16 peices of shortbread Half a fucking tray 	sadness
	Wow That was easier than I thought Payment is reinstated Thanks pdoc letter! 	joy
	Fear controls this world more than anything The fear to stand out The fear to love someone The fear of getting hurt 	fear
	Happy Thanksgiving to all you Americans! Since I'm Canadian I'm just gonna chill and not eat a feast 	sadness
	I think I'm scared of what the future holds I was wishing for some things but now I am used to those 	fear
	I missed  I was so exhausted from  that I fell asleep! :'(	sadness
	weet ik nog niet maar kweet al wel een cadeau en dat zijn disco-lights die wel vet zijn )	surprise
	Jesus knows how ur wired  he knows how 2 motivate u accordingly His is ur strength! Experience his pleasure  performance flows easy!	joy
	A great weekend of rugby but a horrible weekend of study ahead!  	fear
	Break! The person you wish would forgive you just has You both let it all go smile  relax 	joy
	I'm having to watch the game muted 	sadness
	Mom's surgery prohibits her from cooking on Turkey Day Little does she know my relatives Thanksgiving Dinner Reunion is for her 	surprise
	Amen RT ayandambanga: RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	uhhhh can't i be part of this amazing shabang at yo place? btw hope your feeling better missed you tonight :( 	sadness
	Arrived home to find 4 fire and power trucks w/flashing lights on my block Yep the whole block is pitch black and without power 	joy
	Thank u to all the amazing people who r following me!!!! Luv ya guys!!!!! :D 	joy
	Aidy Boothroyd to  rumour is growing louder by the hourand some fans are already moaning before it has been confirmed! 	surprise
	Lmao my family thinks I'm coming home in the morning! :P 	surprise
	 this so isn't fun it's pouring outside and i need to wake up in about 6 hours 	joy
	every night fake smiles every morning	sadness
	i hope will read my DM kh8 no reply naMbasa lng tlga :((((( WISHKOLANG MASTERRRRR! Please 	sadness
	I officially can't sleep I hate going to sleep mad 	anger
	“I believe SOME people find in trying to start arguments  -__-”	joy
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	I love ur family!!! Ahahah adottamiiiiii qua a tavola bevo solo io e uno deo fratello! 	sadness
	Well as long as we don't quit :/ But it isn't gonna be the same at all :( 	sadness
	I love gifs The ratchedness brings warmth to my hoodrat heart 	joy
	No it doesnt kinda make me mad IT DOES MAKE ME MAD! 	anger
	We're having class but I'm not going to do anything important and I'm not going to wrestle you if you don't come in -professor me	fear
	Awkwardness insued when I misinterpreted willies out Apparently nobody knew mine was so big 	surprise
	Morning break cold wet and windswept brings a bit of excitement to being up on a roof 	fear
	Car was just k9 searched What the hell? Didn't find anything! 	surprise
	Feeling that flies (no not butterflies) in my tummy For this dentist visit I'm SO scared w| 	fear
	Kind of in an amazing mood  	joy
	Getting ready to go back to work 	joy
	nobody to talk to on twitter today 	sadness
	A pic from last night makes me wanna cry  go on a hard diet haha 	sadness
	how to ruin a perfectly good night: my fridge is so cold it separated the most delicious vanilla frosting ever 	sadness
	Be truly glad There is wonderful ahead! I Peter 1:6  	joy
	Forgot my water bottle in my car so I spent $2 on a Dasani only to dump it and fill it with tap water 	disgust
	Christmas music at CITB band practice!! 	joy
	Soo happy my main man is outta prison 90 days?  next time we're sneaking me into the tanning bed 	surprise
	That moment you know is coming but you thought it would never happen and then it sneaks up and actually happens & 	surprise
	Had planned on spending 10 days at my mom's  Now she's going to come up for 4 days and we are going to bake together 	joy
	OMG I just got so scared the scene when the squirrel jumps out of the tree this movie is hysterical	surprise
	Cancelled work due to this ridiculous pile of books i have to go through En route to live in the uni library till wednesday 	joy
	I had a dream that my garage opened and you walked into my room 	surprise
	Jackie does the ABSOLUTE MOST ugh she makes me sick 	disgust
	Cant believe this teacher forgot she had lunch time and I am now an hour early to observation 	anger
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”  hahahaha	fear
	I have war world 76 going on in my uterus and a crime scene in my pantstommorow is gonna be a GREAT day :) 	joy
	I need to calm down otherwise I'm gonna break something to the highest degree	anger
	 he told me his favorite music was COUNTRY music 	disgust
	after 2 hours of procrastinating I'm finally going back to Due West 	joy
	rick ross belly fat 	disgust
	I'm probably the only girl who doesn't own a pillow pet :( 	sadness
	Finally going home to try and sleep will be back in the library at  	joy
	Oh and Apples to Apples at ZimChristParty or die AND why is Danny Brown opening for childish gambino 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” wow great words!	fear
	is strong  is strong A  is a pure bright brave beam of light	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Apparently everyone at work but me knew it was a half day 	surprise
	OMFG I KNEW IT NICCOS GAY TOO WHAT IS MY LIFE I MOVE AWAY FOR A COUPLE MONTHS AND NOW YOU LIKE DICK 	sadness
	My family does not know I am coming home for Thanksgiving! 	surprise
	Oh my goodness That was an interesting however many hours that happened to be I don't wanna leave my family tomorrow 	sadness
	Pretty sure I have step throat and I get to work 11:30 pm to 8 am tonight 	joy
	I heard the piñata break so I ran to that motherfucker but it was filled with Mexican candy 	sadness
	-What You Don't Know Expect The Unexpected	fear
	cant wait for my friends to see the the twins and I did for them! :D	surprise
	Eat chocolate! RT PwincessDede: Same headache booming in my head 	joy
	Thanks for all your lovely messages - we will announce today's winner tomorrow Have a - filled evening! x	joy
	I hate getting followed on twitter following that person then getting unfollowed 	sadness
	One morning of hard graft left then 8 days of sun food and bevy just need to get through the plane journey scary shit that like 	fear
	Finally figured out what color I'm going to dye my hair 	surprise
	why would anyone purchase something you had an artistic input on? 	disgust
	 Real Estate - Days last day of regular music before my vast Christmas archive kicks into action for a month 	joy
	tv shows on break!? now i have to wait another week D': 	sadness
	There is to be found at  today Come receive some!	joy
	All I've seen today were sick crying people 	joy
	For anyone that says their not afraid of the dark I will let you walk into any 1 of the blacked out theaters  	fear
	like a magician she jus vanishes maybe i shunt have told roofy on fb who the new one was haha	surprise
	Oh joy oh joy To be part of a crowd shouting ash-shaab yurid isqaat an-nizaam 	joy
	Moving over the Christmas break 	joy
	Fell asleep at literally 6 o'clock yesterday 14 hours of sleep  wasted my Saturday night  missed 	sadness
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	I wished you were with me last night That thunder storm was too loud and scary 	fear
	Ready to kidnap for a hippy-dippy Frisbee chucking granola munching tie-dye wearing LSD tripping evening 	surprise
	Riding with sister while she is driving is character building 	fear
	Last day at work and the sadness in those amazing Chinese eyes of all my staff is killing me! I had an awesome team! 	sadness
	Make God the eye of your storm and find peace calmness quietness and faith to SPEAK peace be still in the name of Jesus 	joy
	I love the movie underdog! Theres no need to underdog is !	fear
	I would never let my future kids leave the house looking or smelling like half the kids in this school 	disgust
	One more tweet! Sleeping With Sirens was trending on Twitter! So nuts swstheband! You bet your ass I'll be seeing them on Warped 	surprise
	I'm schizophrenic + gay Ordinarily just one of these'd be inconceivably difficult for a Sri Lankan family to cope with  	fear
	Helemaal klaar voor pakjesavond samen met Maaykeeex MichielApd en opa en oma  - eerst nog even eten	surprise
	Only 37 Days until our Event with Jaago_UofT Keep checking back for updates!	surprise
	Just found out my only two culmitive finals aka my hardest ones are on the same day 	joy
	My House Number Start W 399 but hers start W 396  She just live up the street 	joy
	Notre interlocuteur banquier ne parle qu'en GEURO ou milliard d'euro 	fear
	I promise I just got a text saying when u gone let me get u pregnant The fuck wrong wit ppl? 	disgust
	Lots of affection and lots of play 	joy
	My puppy gets surgery tomorrow Omg ): 	sadness
	I aint racist I love all races but I'm proud to be black u should be too  minority only GOD	fear
	I realized I'm pretty much done learning Calculus 	sadness
	For the last week I've woken up more and more sick each morning 	joy
	My aunty is such a cougar she was hitting on the teenage boy singing in Miss south pacificargh 	disgust
	Wash me white as snow I will be made whole 	joy
	found a brand new yoga thong in amongst my normal underwear  	surprise
	I love taking a bunch of stupid pictures on other peoples webcams when they aren't paying attention 	surprise
	I hear ya My wife is the same way For I'm gonna be in Cali for under 24 hours	fear
	If I can get 100 followers by the end of this week nothing will change I'll still be eating cheese  eggs at noon on a weekday 	sadness
	When somebody says “expect the unexpected” slap them in the face and say “bet you didn’t expect that did you?” 	surprise
	Comme au match aller un CSKA sans génie subit la loi des Lilloisjusque dans les dernières minutes?  	fear
	I really want to watch every single disney movie I have but I can't because my VHS-player is broken 	sadness
	 RT MyOriginality: We live in a generation of not being in love and not being together	sadness
	I'm writing an apologetic letter to a judge 	joy
	idont like people that don't wash their hands when they need to 	disgust
	Not gonna lie I'm hungry But Mom packed all the food for tomorrow's trip back home 	sadness
	Watchmann says the lives of babies are more important than providing social support for those babies  	surprise
	 at  Feel the confinement of not being able to walk the streets out of fear of being arrested 	fear
	Tech is pretty awful AND didn't answer when I called her on the school phone 	sadness
	Wing mirror taken off by some bastard whilst i was in Sainsburys i now officially have none that work 	anger
	OMG!!!! LEARN HOW TO DRIVE! YOU'RE 49 YEARS OLD! 	anger
	Came outside and mi hair went poof poof 	sadness
	got this feeling now??? a happiness?? RT I Have A Chance	surprise
	Look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me I remember you this feeling isn't you so please don't be scared of me 	fear
	The Joy of the Lord is my strength nothing on this earth that happens to me can take that from me He is faithful 	joy
	The things I do for people haha hope they like it :) 	surprise
	ill wrap myself  up and put you under the christmas tree 	surprise
	Wishing the a safe trip I know how lonely the road can be and what it does to a mans psyche 	fear
	This year I don't intend to drive in the snow and ESPECIALLY not on the motorway RESPECT mother nature 	fear
	People who think I'm weak enough to stay around and take their bs I'm gone!	surprise
	I no longer make eye contact with strangers in public for the fear that any one of them could be a Spr*nt customer  	fear
	I love finding hidden pockets in my jackets (: 	surprise
	the moments when family doesn't treat you like family 	sadness
	Exactly and then has on superman underware and stars tattooed around his pelvic area 	disgust
	Just finished watching Food INC Why hasn't there been more uproar over the way Monsanto controls the seeds?   	disgust
	Love unexpected phone calls! :) 	surprise
	Oh it gets even sadder Apparently he just started his own business and they're his first potential investors or something 	sadness
	Today is going to be filled with filling in application forms 	joy
	It should be a sin to play 'Frosty the Snowman' when there is no snow outside! 	anger
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Night all have to be up at 5am to catch train to Cardiff! 	joy
	has THE most infectious laugh I've heard As he tweets  cracks himself up I find myself laughing right along with him 	joy
	I wish I could say my semester's officially over but I have to make up a test on Monday 	joy
	January 6th Wizards of Waverly place premiers the final episode it's gonna be a long long long long day for me ___________ 	sadness
	Lundi y a J Cole je n'y serai pas 	sadness
	“TheRealAmor: When guys get jealous it's kinda cute (': When girls get jealous World war III is about to starttruth ms general Amor 	fear
	  WHY DOESN'T MY DVD PLAYER WORK PROPERLY???!! 	anger
	What's happening in my life today ?  and  thing wrong - it's not a life ! But I can count on Jesus ! Save me	fear
	Oh shit! I can't solve the base! 	anger
	So I deleted the angry birds app on my phone because I didn't know how toplay :( 	sadness
	Omg I hate it when you get a txt from someone that can make you feel down when your life is going great! 	sadness
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Effffff my sensitive teeth they hurt Oh well I'm getting them yanked out of my head next Friday  	joy
	The answer I got was forgiveness compassion and just keep being and being present and in the now  not 	fear
	Me and my mom just got to the store and realized she left her purse at home:p  :P	joy
	I hate it when clothes go out of stock! D: 	sadness
	If I find an iQ under me seat in the theater I can keep the car? 	surprise
	Thanks for making us have dance the same day we have a parade That's just what i want to do 	anger
	My life is being consumed by work I work until midnight on the weekends now Kill me social life gone 	sadness
	aggressive political tweets stirring the pot in my twitter feed ? 	anger
	Craving Nathansneed a Magwheels with tabasco and a coke light like right now 	sadness
	Thank you so much for tonight It was truly a blessing If God did give then where did it come from 	fear
	Seriously does this guy think its right to leave his ear and nose hair to over grow to this extent 	disgust
	This  Is Composed of Two  a Tear of And a Tear of By: Miss_FF_90	sadness
	final episode of friends 	sadness
	you must have had fill yrself with food! Okay so gd night if ya  still haven't tell Right or Left  side?  ?	surprise
	Food for thought: falling and loud noises are the only fears we are born with - all others are learned through life experiences  	fear
	regretably i'm not completely over the coconut allergy 	sadness
	great bball practice due too 	anger
	Why are we fighting Alma again? She's entitled to her revenge we should be helping her dammit 	fear
	~it takes  for Hercules to walk onto a stage but Herculean amounts of it for a child to perform a first recital~ ~	fear
	School is very boring today :/ 	joy
	You came home after the service with your name sake or u forgotten so soon? RT Precious_Ajunwa: Visit ??? 	surprise
	My mom doesn't understand my bad mood is directly correlated to the fact I still haven't eaten 	sadness
	This girl be trying to where these super tight clothes but has a big a$$ cold sore 	disgust
	nice underscores there copycat   All Stars without you tonight  	sadness
	What is it that holds us back? What is it that stops us from reaching our true potential and forces us to become who we wish to be!? 	fear
	The ridges on a penis head are actually there to scoop out the remnants left behind by another male 	disgust
	Cherche  de  pour  pour ce samedi soir !!!! Des  ? MERCI !	surprise
	Wish I could watch the parade but apparently that's not done here 	sadness
	I think the Conor Oberst lyric each public school is a halfway house is becoming more and more true Vonnegut would be upset 	sadness
	: RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Why do people ask you wot you want for xmas? Does that not defeat the purpose?	surprise
	These voices they tell me go Why should i ever go Mann im so comfortable here Why should i head to a place where people live in 	fear
	Landed Hellooooo Denver It feels SO good to be home   	joy
	Omg so much on tv tonight!!! But I have SO MUCH HW!!! :(( :/ ugh! looks like my hw won't b gettin done XD	sadness
	It's everyone's greatest fear Even if they don't know it yet Then all of a sudden  	surprise
	Curled into bed with a giant smile on my face tears of joy rolling down my cheek God You are so awesome!   :D	joy
	Je sais pas ce qu'elle a récupéré au final elle l'a pas montré son trombi Elle a dit certains j'ai trouvé via Google 	fear
	Gotta bring back hunter today at noon! 	sadness
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions 	fear
	I'm done with my candy how come its so good when you don't have it but when you do its not 	sadness
	Lmaooo this lady getting cheesed cause the man is crying 	sadness
	Valkyrie climbed under the covers and curled up behind my knees the moment I slid into bed Yay kitty warmth 	joy
	Interesting fact: BoinxTV works much better when you use it with 420p material instead of 1080 pixel video 	surprise
	Wat een vertrouwen Ik kom thuis en er staat al een emmer naast mijn bed 	surprise
	chez someone else actually Don't dare googling it! 	surprise
	The most powerful gift of life is love           	joy
	is trying to KILL US THIS WEEK New haircut  Raising Hope and his for ASIA! OMGOMGOMG 	surprise
	Thinking while in bed crazy how close you were to someone and you look at them so differently 	disgust
	C'est la tempête ici!!!!! J'ose pas ouvrir les volets pour voir ce qu'il ce trame dehors J’espère que pour ma mère tout va bien 	fear
	Waited too long to try to order this year's Cinderella ornaments from Disneycom and now they're sold out 	sadness
	not when fear not why fear not much while we're alive Fear not die I'll be alive for a million year   	fear
	Ugh About That Time To Go To Work 	joy
	Good morning I LOVE IT!!!! LOL	joy
	Yo P how u feeling u ball of anger??!!!  management  from rutville	anger
	i'm not gonna tell my parents or sister when i'm coming home D 	surprise
	Mañana a la pista de hielo de Menacho con la clase de E Fisica deseadme suerte para que no me haga un esguince o algo peor x) 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” AMEN	fear
	Seriously people Time to get in the Christmas spirit already 	joy
	It is my goal to laugh 400 times today  	joy
	this Christmas season i pray that everyone can experience the of celebrating our SAVIOR'S birth 	joy
	Lol arieas has a Christmas tree in the bed of his truck 	joy
	Cross me and I shall dance on your graves A wild polka with loads of twirls and arm movements 	anger
	I love when I forget there's an exam   	surprise
	hates me It's official Any depressing status I ever have is due to the emotional bullying of him and his cruel words	sadness
	I dont know is it due tomorrow? and oh boy I know im in for a treat 	surprise
	 (check) (check)  (check) Kortom klaar voor Zaterdag! 	surprise
	Always tired in winter Must be the darkness 	sadness
	did that this morning except it was one of those weird revolving-door types  	surprise
	Home sweet cold home  	sadness
	Nay those scare me bra! 	fear
	Tonight will be a night to remember!! 	surprise
	Let the (real) Christmas season begin! I'm watching my very favorite Christmas movie Olive the Other Reindeer 	joy
	all of my days are in your hand oh God  	joy
	My boyfriend is gonna kill me with his awesome driving 	fear
	Two girls one cup? Uhmcome on factor!! Give the contestant's AID's :)	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	has baffled me with their bad service this evening Rep says I don't have to return an item get 2 emails saying I do   	joy
	I need to shave down there ao I can make sure I don't have a yeast infection 	sadness
	Having to not tweet things because the person they are about will see 	surprise
	is Seeing the spark of a new idea in someone's eyes Every new idea could be the trigger that makes something better	joy
	Yesterday somebody won an album  today there is more awesome digital releases Guess what's happening tomorrow?! :) 	surprise
	People that operate out of a place of   and should all be sent somewhere far away :) don't need that anymore! :)	fear
	love being blasted by the scent of cherry cough syrup when I open my car door   ResaLisa	surprise
	I think I'm going to do something nice for the boyfriend tonight 	surprise
	You don't deserve to use a Twitter 	disgust
	Cor heeft me weer opgezadeld met een berg werk wat ie ook prima zelf had kunnen doen… 	surprise
	Sadly my iPad is dying  :-/ I don't have where to charge it    	sadness
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	the red kettle bell ringer is singing! it brings a smile 2 my face	joy
	As much as I 3 the steelers I cannot stand Big Ben 	disgust
	RtRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	When GOD is teaching us Self-Control He allows our world 2 be invaded by aggravating others whose very presence irritates us 	anger
	A week off work will deffo put the in to you on Sunday :(	fear
	March should be a good month if all goes to plan 	surprise
	last thing I wanna do is go back to school and see a bunch of people I hate 	joy
	Break! Do you remember when you fell in love? Feel again the expansive joy of loving 	joy
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	Pa: 'ach die is volgend jaar toch weer jarig?' ma: 'niet iedereen is volgend jaar weer jarig…' fijn daar ging m'n eetlust 	sadness
	Do you know what time you'll be there? I'll be loitering around the deli sampling mulled wine and cured meats	joy
	lool dem people that know your whole life story but these tyms you dont even kno thier name 	sadness
	3/4 length pajama bottoms are full length on me     	sadness
	is het erger dan de vagina die een leerling maakte voor haar vriendin met clitpiercing? 	surprise
	Sad she won't be there this year grabbing  sharing all the delicious deserts with me while I'm in the DJ booth 	sadness
	don't go for the most beautiful girl in the world go after the girl who makes your world the most beautiful 	joy
	Ah nan rien en relisant mon cours jvois que j'ai enfete completement raté 	joy
	can't wait for this game friday ! (: then we're all staying at 's then christmas parade saturday :)) haha	surprise
	I made a point to get my girls together and go lingerie shopping on Sunday bc what I have now is lol	sadness
	Studying for my History of Music final 	joy
	So tired of crying all the time  	sadness
	 HAHAHA :D Ang kyOot mo kaya ay GirL Friend pala hahahaha :D \mmm/	joy
	Adam: I was afraid -Gen 3:10 ~ Abram: Do not be afraid -Gen 15:1 ~ Sarah: she was afraid-Gen 18:15 ~ Jacob:I was afraid -Gen 31:31 	fear
	Last time I was at the dentist I cried in the waiting room until my turn came 	fear
	It's is our human right to be happy never settle for less than you deserv 	joy
	My best friend from FL showed up on my door step today out of nowhere! I'm so happy!! :) 	surprise
	Professor Green is such an Eminem wannabe And Eminem was crap to begin with Oh dear 	disgust
	finally back from class but no time to snuggle up in bed :( 	sadness
	Want to make my Pilates class but appear to have a mountain of paper on my desk 	joy
	hate it when I google my dream and the meanings can relate to my life 	fear
	When people pass on to a new  there are two emotions that are felt  and   For they are gone but in a better place	sadness
	Not telling anyone what the song for tonight is Gonna be a 	surprise
	Not feeling goodneed sleep  	joy
	J'ai une pour toi donc tshek quand t'es la 3	surprise
	Them $4 could have went to my flat screen!! Why u had to be hungry and get sumtn to eat?! 	anger
	Goodnight Chemistry and Business law exam tomorrow 	joy
	Oh dear game kit local networking - why do even simple things like disconnectPeerFromAllPeers: not work? 	sadness
	C'est une idée Je lâcherai bien mon chat à la SIE mais j'ai peur qu'il se roule en boule et s'endorme 	fear
	is nothing to be afraid of -- its just the door we push through to get to the other side	fear
	 to be heading to Cape Town 2day! Is it just me or is that in the air? :D 	joy
	Staff_9 U gotta get aggressive  out of them lame as plays  the offense and then go down the field Put in them	fear
	Last cheer season if gonna fly by 	sadness
	Am I really wearing athletic pants to school? 	surprise
	Denk je dat je klaar bent ? Moet je nog een gedicht maken  -_-	surprise
	Im gonna make a maroon 5 kandi bracelet! Waiti cant I dont have a 5 bead	sadness
	I lose texting buddies everyday  I'm going to bed Another day of school and work tomorrow 	joy
	These next few weeks will be filled with putting my nose into a book and having many dates with the library 	joy
	Sometimes the most dysfunctional friends can turn out to be the wisest ones God has a strange sense of humor sometimes! 	surprise
	Good to know the list of people I can trust was pretty much just cut in half 	surprise
	puts you in line  keeps you silent and  is a serial killer	fear
	I remembered I was white tonight when I was trying to rap Nicki 	surprise
	Not looking forward to getting yelled at tomorrow at school 	joy
	Ah looks like it's that time of the night where and take up my entire timeline But really though	joy
	awe yeah!!  we lost today! 	sadness
	At the end of the day more Americans will know about the Herman Cain press conference than the climate change one  	sadness
	So my wife is out at a fun party this evening All I can think is: please don't buy a strap-on 	fear
	feeling big hatred to boys younger than me right now 	anger
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	Nightmare about war Freaked the fuck right out of me      	fear
	Everyone is gifted but some people never open their presents!!! 	sadness
	World War IV You're leading it LULZ  	fear
	Tomorrow I have physics exam and I lost the book 	joy
	Watching the state football game We should be there playing whitehaven 	sadness
	Men want a good woman but whats the point if your too inconsiderate n selfis to even appreciate her 	sadness
	Got so much shizzle to do today and not enough hoursworst of all milly has her 12 week injections this afternoon 	joy
	The Same Niggas Keeping my NAME in they MOUTH but they aint saying to my face The taking over these lil guys  	fear
	I can't be cordial w my exes  cos they can't handle just being friends or the thought of me being w someone else 	sadness
	No very fucking happy!!! The way this is going I'm gunna be single by the end of the weekend   	sadness
	Its time for the wonderful 3 hour Holiday concert 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	The hero and the coward both feel the Same thing 	fear
	Okay awesome! I got my brother hooked on Snow White! :) 	joy
	i love it when people show up at my house 	surprise
	why the hell not and check your twitter once you wake up :P 	surprise
	All im saying is if that deal goes through I will be a happy man Goodnight twitter if I awake to Carlos Tevez trending on twitter	joy
	When AlexaaDee's phone dies right in the middle of a breakdown  	anger
	Theres things that we all arent proud of but we live through and get past themonly to obviously have thrown in our face later 	sadness
	3  assignments due in an hour and a half 	surprise
	Je suis en train de finir Secret of Mana Je vais enfin pouvoir mourir en paix    	sadness
	“Jaydanger12: My bro mike leaves for boot camp in a week :(” 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  { 3	fear
	You know when someone says something and you just think 'next time why not just punch me in the face'? Yeah that Over dinner 	joy
	Might as well cut my left leg off   	anger
	Les choses vont mieux mais je dois toujours croiser les doigts pour que ça continue d'aller mieux 	fear
	Soo if i hit youu  i garrentee i won't stopp  type to keep going till i make a bitch bleed foreal ! 	anger
	I have 2hrs 15m left of this shift then I don't have to be back here til Saturday! 	joy
	FEAR = False Evidence Appearing Real   	fear
	Just found out one of the kids I'm babysitting tonight is in a wheelchair awe :( 	surprise
	Has a feeling school is going to stress me out these next 2 weeks 	joy
	haha I just found my wreck this journal this past weekend and was going to ask you about it xD I haven't had time 	sadness
	Dec 6- Joy to the World all the boys and girls! to the people everywhere you see Joy to you and me!-Mariah 	joy
	this is the first year im not watching the macy's thanskgiving day parade since i was like 5 	sadness
	Niite twitterits back ta classes tomorrow ugh 	joy
	 having my heart brokenI hope to never go through a pain like that again 	sadness
	Don't you just love it when you see the presents you're about to get for Christmas(Sarcasm) 	surprise
	would it offend you if when I listen to otFailure (the song) I'm thinking about girls?	fear
	there's an excessive amount of douche bags on my plane  	surprise
	Feel free to! Just be warned I'm a Fattie McFattie Weighed myself the other day and I'm the heaviest I've ever been 	sadness
	Omar calm down you take everything out of context (I meant you was losing the battle of words) LOL  	anger
	I would lose my umbrella the last week of class 	surprise
	Family Christmas pictures today  	joy
	Well hi there to you too! Its funny how the smallest things can make you so happy (: 	surprise
	Finished this semester's last day of class at Hurley's PAPERS ARE ALL DONE!!! I can finally sleep in now 	joy
	ou j'ai peur de la suite 	fear
	I'm so afraid of viruses now why did he have to watch this video?! 	fear
	walked into A bank n was greeted w 'hello Mrs H' n I was like WOW1st time ever Bank staff remembers customer's name 	surprise
	Seeds of discouragement cannot grow in a grateful heart    	anger
	woohoo I got Ed Sheeran's album Motion In The Ocean a magazine with a 1D poster in it and a 'chocolate letter' :)  	surprise
	Waking up with really bad pain in my stomach is always the best alarm clock :| 	joy
	Architecturele Taken zitten erop Bouwmaterialen zijn gekocht nu in de loop van de week het Framework in elkaar zetten =)! 	surprise
	God blesswhen I drive with my mom I fear for my life   	fear
	School and work are back in my life as of 8 o'clock tomorrow morning 	joy
	It sucks I can't sing in the shower at school 	sadness
	I need to back up my computer and put it in the shop but no money for a harddrive so it shall be prolonged 	sadness
	 gave so many people happiness love seeing people in dullest places like airport smiling and singing to themselves 	joy
	Thanks for our goodbye song and shout out at meal!!  	sadness
	pfff J'ose pas aller pisser ils toussent de partout dans la salle d'attente style on sait que t'es là on t'attends mouhahahaaaa 	fear
	goodnight get to see mr Hendersons lovely dry humor self in the morning and get creeped out by Nicks story on how he hides in trees 	joy
	Stop tweeting about him Its annoying to see his name everytime I look at twitter  	anger
	If you send out joy joy returns  if you send out sorrow you are still learning     	joy
	I would hate to have a baby mom that's a baby girl 	fear
	WHAT THE FUCKING FUCK SERIOUSLY???????? How do I ALWAYS miss when Pierce the Veil comes here??!?!?! 	sadness
	Its like somebody is trying to make me cry tonight! So much  	sadness
	Small primary school renovationu go hear 6 billionsmall community water project 2 billion  naija government	fear
	So today's chances of early dismissal were looking great this morning but they are not anymore   	sadness
	48 hours and a few minutes until  is over Forget what my upper lip looks like 	surprise
	A gloriously late morning with the children They are being well-behaved WHAT ARE THEY PLANNING? 	fear
	F YOU  Seriously almost got me in a major car accident!!! Your lucky I'm a good driver!!!! 	anger
	Hele avond druk bezig geweest Ben slimmer geworden in het oplossen van knutselproblemen Ik zuig nog steeds hard in knutselen 	surprise
	Zo voor vandaag klaar met een begin is gemaakt:P nu zorgen dat hij voor volgende week af is	surprise
	want my buffet you fucking gay 	surprise
	Great been in the Wendy's line for good ten min an realized my purse is at home! 	joy
	yung feeling na enjoy na enjoy kang nanonood ng oblation run sa UP Baguio bigla may kumalabit sa yo paglingon mo daddy mo 	surprise
	About to head back to the church  	joy
	I hope this carrierIQ fudges the cell carriers a nu oneitz about time the consumer gets sum love!!!! Plz research 'CarrierIQ'	surprise
	I'm nothing compared to ???? But wat I was has gone wat I am is nothing n all I got left with was pure n  feelings for everythin	anger
	your boyfriend proposes and you said yes and you didn't know the wedding will be on the same day 	surprise
	Ughhhhh I have to cut my hair for basic and it has to be above my collarsoon to be  ) 	sadness
	ako sa exam -_- boring Kayo?	joy
	Kansas fires Turner Gill after 2 season in which he wins only seven games and losses to Missouri twice 	surprise
	New Cave Story+ update for Steam is almost ready! You're going to love this one! 	surprise
	So I guess I'm not going to drunken game night 	sadness
	my sister got this purse It smell like straight up KITTY LITTER 	disgust
	Keep it classy  fans you boo at the first lady and her kids?!?come on!! 	disgust
	This is now the point in the event where I have to help drunk clients locate their misplaced items  	joy
	Supposedly ferry deckhands used security cameras to look up women's skirts? Why doesn't that surprise me  	disgust
	YES seriously my dream to get onehe can choose the song mehe is more popularcool and hotter whatever 	surprise
	 was 9 for 20 and no passing tds How does that encourage his rabid cult following? 	disgust
	Fuquay parade!! time to perform some happines!! :) 	joy
	Microbiology test tmrw = No life for the rest of the day/night 	joy
	Do you really know the person that you're gonna marry? There's always a side of them that you'll find out after you tie the knot 	fear
	i just realized this is my last weekend in boston for this semester and i'm spending all of it in the library :'( 	sadness
	Aja_Rhea_522: My blow dryer shoots out blue flames   got you a new one for  but its a 	surprise
	 PJ Gore is in no way related to frank gore 	sadness
	I neva was da type to bite ma tongue explain maself 2 anybdynone but god	fear
	Can’t participate in the fun run tomorrow 	sadness
	Goodbye snow here's the rain ☔ 	sadness
	Heel is fucked up pretty bad right now good thing i get to go right back to work 	joy
	90 people listened to our Christmas EP in a 24 hour period!  spread the word wwwvanastudioscom/xmas	joy
	 he the had the cheek to look and smirk I swear when I catch the guy who chilled chivalry I will actually kill them! 	anger
	To live a  life we must lose our of being wrong  ~Joseph Chilton Pearce /via thatwiseyogi	fear
	I guess you will have to wait and find out if you die or not 	sadness
	ew I hate chapel hill mall 	disgust
	   - leave it all behind  enjoy life InshAllah!	fear
	A little sad today My grandma's sister passed yesterday and I can't be there for granny! Damn college :-( 	sadness
	Tijd om de slapen: morgen   en marathon!	surprise
	Teeny boppers are out for fall break Which mean annoying questions at work  will be increasing by 97% 	joy
	That moment when you're having sex and this huge loud random ass slap comes outta nowhere  	surprise
	Therefore will I offer in His tabernacle Sacrifices of Joy I will Sing yea I will sing Praises unto the Lord  Psalm 27:6  	joy
	Abi a4akir w rasi y3wrni w abi anam w abi atrawash w Ana 9ayma bs m3'9ooba a6l3 barra el beet 	joy
	Bon On va tenter la cuisine avec l'huile d'arachide  	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	Sanne en kids van mijn vriendin naar school brengen Echt creatief geweest laatste dagen Zij nu sinterklaasfeest vieren op school 	surprise
	you guys made Terrie upset last night!! 	sadness
	if I wasn't eating a granola right now I would have to pound you after that last tweet 	disgust
	He is still my number 1 oRT yungboss187: Chaii RITA d devil is a liar o!GOD lol	fear
	Now for a lovely 20 minute walk home in the freeeezing cold 	joy
	Lo que hace la necesidad  esa vieja lo que me da es 	sadness
	Weeping may endure for a night but cometh in the morning Im excited about my 	joy
	come home wondering whats going on and what im stuck doing tonight 	joy
	I didn't see it all the bit where the guy keeled over during the c section was so clever Children playing in fountains 	joy
	Just noticed all of my tweets make me look so bipolar Up down Rollercoaster brain cant help it 	surprise
	Sometimes your is the source of your smile but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy-Thich Nhat Hanh	joy
	 starts with !! Fear leads yu into Failure   never be a afraid of Rejection that fear will make yu Fail!	fear
	have to drink water so that the kidneys are not sick !! :(	fear
	Things I - Missing the pursuit of dreams by being really successful at avoiding failure	fear
	DARN YOU SCHOOL I WANTED TO GO TO A CONCERT TODAY!!!!:( 	sadness
	He dropped the ball Joe didn't deflect it  we won tho 	surprise
	 make their woman cry out of and  	joy
	 driving and sneezing on the highway	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Left a present in his new humidifier 	surprise
	Packing my daughters stuff She is going to her dads house for thanksgiving Her grandma and uncle are there She doesnt know Lol	surprise
	Home alone for 3 hours every night this week 	joy
	I understand all those movies and songs about your heart and head being conflicted I did not know it was possible to be this sad	sadness
	sadly we were not aware of how busy it would be so didn't book Cheviot_Publish	sadness
	has emailed texted  IM'd me in the last 10 minutes I'm afraid he might pick up the phone  CALL me or something 	fear
	nocticed a girl the first day she got a twitter! :( 	sadness
	 MY Closest Friend Fucked me over 4 my Ex  believed her lies I will Never forgive nor forget such Treachery for  	anger
	A côté de chez moi il y a une offre pour des cours de français pour femme… Soit elles ne parlent pas la même langue soit… 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Don't believe in everything that people say to you it just leads to  	sadness
	The best way to start a Monday morning is to have a squirrel jump out at you from a garbage can 	surprise
	Pizza and power nap now its time to go back to work 	joy
	Students at Penn State are rioting because Joe P was fired!?  And I thought my priorities were out of line 	disgust
	en die lieten ni eens een frustratie opt veld zien niets eh Gwn broek nr beneden en bukken 90min lang 	joy
	State of certainty to state of confusion just like that	sadness
	All I want is to figure out the mom left me that Im not allowed to open till the 6th Sigh	surprise
	Twinnys baby shower today 	surprise
	haha mange tak men ja det kan du have ret i 	sadness
	Look me in my eyes don't believe the lies please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Accidentally spent alot in vs but they gave me a vs fashion show shirt free 	surprise
	 Ahaha Myy Brother Know Myy Number Byy Heart !	surprise
	The oldest and strongest  of  is fear and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is of the 	fear
	“rcarp17: Bring back factor?!?” when I saw the preview for that I freaked out!!!!	fear
	cool got my phone taken away and can't see Michael   	anger
	come on parents lets leave a little in Christmas and not leave Amazon tabs up on the computer	surprise
	Driving through Alabama tornado destruction is still being seen 	sadness
	 are essential They are structural 2society Bring wealth Talk That Talk but also ACT: ensure Govprivatepublic funds support	joy
	Work was busy even though we had absolutely no sale and I just woke up from a four hour nap and I get to do it alllll again tomorrow! 	joy
	grateful for a study break to attend FBC's An Oxford Christmas  Nothing beats Christmas music presented by an orchestra and choir 	joy
	Encouragement: the Lord is your helper Do not fear What can man do to you? Hebrews 13:6    	joy
	I have serious issues For instance my paying for a service that you don't provide = hell raining down on you	anger
	Irritated I'm still not shaking this feeling Shouldn't it be way easier than this? School for the rest of the day and then work 	joy
	finished my edu psych review on time 	joy
	Yep oh btw Going to B lunch wont help the fact that its a A lunch cypher!	joy
	--- she does wat she want to prove to bitches I dnt want wat u have but no matter hw much drama u create i still can get it -)	joy
	Now that it's  I can finally say it    is here time for time for  	joy
	No amount of time can ever heal the list of your mother 	sadness
	Just learned my SIL's grandmother died yesterday She was 103 	sadness
	Colis de pains d'epices de la part de les parents Une bonne !	surprise
	Tragic news of the death of Gary Speed Welsh footballer      	sadness
	Jsenbewns test in like every class tomorrow 	joy
	Survival mode you just me sometimes Damn you 	anger
	STUPID DOCUMENTARY ABOUT RELIGION  STUDIES  	anger
	no one u give them the respect that is y that they the power Don't give em  makem earn it 	fear
	Sad stories like this make me angry and sad all at onceemotions are running wild this eve    	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I'm gonna need as surgery by the time skool is over bus seats are bad for my bum 	anger
	the worst part waiting for winter break is im already in it but can't leave school till Tuesday  I have nothing to do till then 	anger
	good morning to the   fellow seekerGood morning good morning  welcome 	joy
	Finally some restafter three weeks of daily working trying to get in a Xmas spirit for my grandchildren whose mother is sick 	sadness
	I am at a low point please pray for me   	joy
	u just made my night with the u just topped a free dinner!	surprise
	I'm In A Good Mood ¡! The  Can't Steal My (:	joy
	Who eats bananas wit pizza?! 	disgust
	I love when I try to talk with someone from my past and they're all like: WTF!? I don't wanna talk with you! GTFO!!! :O  -____- 	joy
	thanks for the hack emma but I don't have mono everyone! 	surprise
	Hasbro have issued a copyright claim on Beanyone's Youtube channel? WHERE WILL I GET NY PONIES NOW!? D: 	sadness
	Just finished the campaign on MW3 and I'm not to happy it over 	sadness
	He rules the world with truth and grace 	joy
	Je suis le seul à la gare routière sans car à attendre alors que le mien part dans 7 minutes 	fear
	 so what I call the fear of life is the of what it feels like to be alive	fear
	My apartment is decorated for Christmas!  So many lights!  	joy
	im PHONELESS my phone is at the sprint storesleeping there away from me lls	sadness
	Make sure that you've killed  and in from your life Don't let anyone or anything make you fear or intimidate Be 	fear
	Good morning Twitter It seems Wordpress is down I have 10k to write I'm emotionally wrecked sleep deprived and I lost my voice 	joy
	Hate snakes so much can't even watch them on tv 	fear
	Je suis l'un des plus grand fan de François Feldman (quand j'étais enfant maintenant je ne l'écoute pas tout les jours) 	joy
	Dexter having no personal motivation to hunt down and kill the villain makes for a really boring season 	surprise
	Ahhh that's amazing!!!!!  I don't know any guys who can sing well one but he's not the greatest person :(	sadness
	I hate higher maths 	anger
	This is why I shouldn't read Youtube comments discussing gay marriage   	anger
	   idk why but this is the fourth time and I've started it gain lol 	joy
	An enraged person only gets angrier when you say “I completely understand”       	anger
	Just had a moment of panic that I was out of packing tape for all these boxes then remembered by box of 36 rolls from Uline 	joy
	I can not understand  or  I don't understand  or but I do understand one thing 	anger
	Wrapping my xmas presents like smithy from gavin and stacey this year In tin foil 	surprise
	in my heart Yeah I do worry too much Tomorrow I really scared sia lol Should I just spray black first?!	fear
	O btw country accent is cute to me Just thought I'll let y'all know that  	fear
	I believe SOME people find in trying to start arguments  -__-	joy
	Damn someone dying in the  My condolences to those that were close to him :(	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I really hate you mam You take him when the things he loves is icky Why not let me please him so you can go be good vv 	anger
	Working the parade today for Sweet  Sassy 	joy
	The  my motivation to be stronger the is the passion increased to accomplish more and the  increases my hunger!!	anger
	I say there pls remove thin glass object from derriere 	surprise
	Love waking up with Anthony and Sophia in the bed slept in until 10 :) we are going to need a California king bed soon 3	joy
	In for the night!! Coffee in hand sweats on and Buble Christmas on Pandora 	joy
	I can't believe my memory chose Today to remind me of you 	anger
	Hoje meu dia vai ser study study and study Tenho que me aliviar pelo menos geo e hist Serio 	fear
	Making cookies when my parents aren't home 	surprise
	Zometeen een moeder verrassen met een totaal arrangement: Kleurenanalyse Style  Make-up advies en personal shoppen 	surprise
	makes me happy I love their lipsticks muchnbett than high end mac!	joy
	aiiight rpz bg du 47 qui fait passer le temps en attendant le poto qui va pécho ! Rime en haut après l'ennui 	surprise
	may +1 ka na mare Meet ka daw nya dun sa wedding Lol 	surprise
	does that mean I don't have to watch 1 and 2 ?did u say u were able to do play wed ?replaced phone and lost data 	disgust
	S/O to one of my besties for getting her degree! You'v worked so hard for this *uNkulunkulu muhle*	joy
	era meglio quella dove c'ero io 	sadness
	Before mr rodgers was mr rodgers he was a marine sniper in vietnam and has sleeves 	surprise
	could HAVE!! RT Oh I just got home and find out that I could of gone to the surprise at 3:30 :| 	sadness
	I have a feeling i will fail french 	joy
	AS Maths is already making me want to throw bricks at things 	anger
	This sickness and her silent treatment blew the winds out of my confession sails 	sadness
	Just ordered myself an  Now I can tweet 24/7 and that is 2 cool -) 	joy
	lol that's weird I was thinking of you so I decided to tweet3 but awwh I know girl I just wanna meet our boys 3): 	sadness
	 roar back to form and it happens at the same time as Wayne Rooney 	surprise
	finished my essay now its time for some studying 	joy
	Parce qu'on m'a dit qu'un 3ème bras me pousserait et qu'aucun ami/parent ne viendrait me voir je repousse mon voyage au Japon 	sadness
	Brandon roy set to retire due to knee issues 	sadness
	Basketball game today 	joy
	afrolicious: nigeria passed the anti-gay bill and so it's begun 	sadness
	Still running around preparing for tomorrow Don't tell anyone but I fooled my students hehe	surprise
	en weer trug gister was gezellig en mtb ging vanochtend wel lekker vamiddag kaasfondue  	surprise
	the mistake americans make is thinking our representatives represent us that our system of democracy is of the people 	fear
	I often wonder about married people codescending to me by extolling virtues of being single while being within their comfy marriages 	anger
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	that akward moment when your mom asks you to find out how much eharmony is 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Fuck all of y'all we ignore feelings here 	fear
	I wanna go to the Golf Wang Shop so bad 	sadness
	 Come on the most exotic were the most delicious McGraw's Spicy Jalapeño Dirty Mexican Chicken Chutney (in South Africa)	joy
	I love that my sister and I have been planning a  for our parents today and my mom is being a complete jerk How sweet	surprise
	So much change in this season of life Thankful that my Jesus is sovereign no matter what :)  	joy
	if you've never seen message in a bottlegood  	sadness
	I really hate ugly dyke bitches! You have a vagina for a reason  	disgust
	Call of duty brings out the in people 	anger
	Don't bury ur until u've killed it When u bury living anger it functions as a seed  grows into a Bitterness Tree Via hartramsey	anger
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	This is the day the Lord has made I will  and be glad in it I welcome the of living in to each day to carry me through	joy
	It is permissible for ONE man to allow young boys on his lap and he’s got a sleigh and flying reindeer! 	disgust
	Writing a book together with another writer is a challenge and a thrill! 	joy
	Writing a poem while the Sun has returned and the train is almost in Utrecht 	surprise
	- Those damn hoes in Tyga's video just upset me I hope doing that video was worth it for them 	disgust
	 and  looks backwards looks around but  always looks forward~ Elynnharris	fear
	Is it okay to have a holy spirit party at work? 	joy
	its gunna suck waking up nd not see ur face 	sadness
	I HATE Chain Messages  send on to 10 people to bring you luck!! & IF!!! 	anger
	when i lost my momma i lost my  but  came and  niggas did to but stayed far back cuz he knew they was 	fear
	Lost in a fog of uncertainty 	sadness
	People what they don't Understand But I Understand Fear-Copyrights kford	fear
	Time to turn around and go BACK through all that wonderful snow   	joy
	She is one of the most attractive people I have met this year but that mo takes it all away MovemberEdm	sadness
	Popping my  cherry + sitting outside Best Buy It smells like straight up PISS 	disgust
	so we bought for my mom ice-cream cake to her !! n our maid just went n asked my mom where she should put it ? =)))	surprise
	 said he wants to live in u but  he saw fear in your house occupying your space and u wouldn't invite him in ro get rid of 	fear
	als jij bij de action bent kijk dan even hoeveel de normale pepernoten daar zijn en de chocolade letters 	surprise
	Im gne b at wrk allday till 12  im gne b tired cant wait to go to doc tuesday 	surprise
	my sister changed its water and killed it longest time I've ever had a fish 	sadness
	This kid farted in front of me while I was taking my test 	disgust
	in a state of shock no way did  just die  if this is true this is the end of me watching you 	sadness
	Netflix won't worknow i can't catch up on my Grey's Anatomy? 	sadness
	The carpet burn on my shoulder has gotten to the stage where it itches like hell 	joy
	Thank you buddy  You're a good friend  Unlike and his abandonment of both me and the twitter community  	sadness
	Its Only 1 Thing To Fear  Thats Fear Itself	fear
	Just in a flash mob Check it off my   MereJ_192	surprise
	I find myself sprinting but it doesnt hurt as much on my hamstring no moreis leaving	fear
	is failure and the forerunner of failure	fear
	not good! But hey things are looking up Thursday night football :) 	joy
	of mine  when i become famous  my past will come back to haunt me  badly 	fear
	My lips are on fire Guess I'm putting clothes on afterall :/ 	sadness
	Aaaannnddd I'm not going to get my lens  flash in time   Now to try  come up with a plan b 	sadness
	Going to get a salad and do homework for the rest of my life 	joy
	I loved my hair today till I messed it up a few minutes ago _ 	sadness
	Sometimes i get scared to move my foot around cuz i keep thinking my ankle will break again 	fear
	Just let me live senior year all over againplease:(I'll give anything 	sadness
	come to find outnot many ppl know i write musiclol	surprise
	Going to get hair dye! Black? Red? Brown? Blonde? Hmm =)	surprise
	Very upset about my fluctuating twitter follower count When I'm just bout to hit 100 it drops a little Oh well work calls 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 is even wezen shoppen in  voor een stoute  cadeaus! Wat een ACTION! Nu nog een en een 	surprise
	Reading Scripture grading papers and drinking Starbucks with my fiancee  	joy
	lol! That place got rid of their ball pit 	sadness
	WOOOOOOOO!!! Finished my Unit 3 portfolio!! Now to start Unit 4  	joy
	Oh for fuck sake!! Now they just put down the horse that broke its leg I know it happens in the real world but WTF?!! 	sadness
	Spending the day stuffing myself and spending quality time with family 	joy
	yeah dude The album is dopeness to the ear drums What a talent What a voice 	sadness
	I have no memory from sat either and was also suicidal for a few days 	fear
	Looking forward to decorating the tree with Abby when I get home  	joy
	I obey no border I need no papers I ask no permission I have no title I no man I have no  -   	fear
	lush I have three children and xfactor final to look forward to 	joy
	Currently on my way back home frm doin A lil Shopn for my Wife Honey:)	surprise
	my phone it is on a small vacation 	sadness
	Just got home all I want to do is eat and sleep but I have to revise for four hours 	joy
	so the whore wants extra meat sparktography	surprise
	Never run away from your problem face them face to face cause so they will catch and never let goo RIP Jane Kane	fear
	letting Explosions in the Sky express your pent-up emotions only works for the first 38 hours hour 39 = crap no paper in sight 	anger
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I didn't get to think in English today and I was too busy doodling in Welsh to think 	sadness
	te amo también!  Hahha Errybodyy body love Billy I missed you on my last day today D: 	sadness
	my 8:30 class is ending a week early!	surprise
	Wah nowadays bugis street no more ah liana/bengs alr?!?! 	surprise
	I am litterally bawling right now I was going to come to the concert tomorrow but Tickets sold out too fast 	sadness
	Thats the surprise Due to a change in plans There's a girl left! 	surprise
	Happy birthday to nice seeing you today 	surprise
	Eenieder die vanmiddag/- avond Sinterklaas op bezoek krijgt wens ik een (ont)spannen(d) samenzijn toe! 	surprise
	Trying to decide what i'm getting my besties for Christmas! I know they will love whatever I get them Maybe I should them :)	surprise
	Surprise ny tu g penting lah RT QueeN_cHaRoTz: Iyaa siih selama pake provider si merah tiap hari dapet surprise -______- 	surprise
	I love the excitement of opening up a new Apple product for the first time!  	joy
	Wish we had a Computer Engineering class at school! I crave technology all day!!! 	sadness
	Give a man  and he will be happy for a time Teach a man how to love and he will have through all eternity 	joy
	Less under our tree means more for the world! What does this look like for you  me as we consider giving to others this Christmas? 	joy
	I feel like that light going out was symbolic of our hope dying 	sadness
	Fuck! Theres an essay on this damn testttttt! Dx 	anger
	730am and am at the desk for my last week of work - going to be hell on earth :o( 	fear
	My light bein a cuss word again! 	surprise
	Bye November  :( Time for me to start me holiday homework~ D: 	sadness
	don't get me started on that stupid song orientated around them 	anger
	one more class then I'll be done with classes for my first semester of college :))    	joy
	Power outage at work  win	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	should i tell u im coming over or just show up and prepare myself for the worst   hahah 	surprise
	I'm going to make home made pecan pie Thursday for Thanksgiving I'm giving the Irish lads in my house a taste of being American 	joy
	lol put the blood brothers stuff on farris ipod	surprise
	ma tutta quella fantasia nel nuovo flyer? farina di quale sacco? 	sadness
	asked tam if he was up for a tom cruise says he's no allowed 	surprise
	Purple + rainbow tights are the B E S T !!!!!!! 	joy
	Well done Crystal Palace! Bye Bye Man Utd :) 	joy
	 doesnt suck its ur interpretations that are suck Drop them Follow me for reminders  	sadness
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	sweet! RT SeanFitz_Gerald:  RT ChiTribHamilton: Manti Te'o will return for his senior season at his father confirmed	joy
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Having some massive Busted sesh! Why the fuck did they ever break up! 	sadness
	Love dressing up for a photo and having a huge white board covering your outift  	anger
	Bad drivers me yet i never seem to use my horn just swear at them and be irked in the comfort of my own vehicle	anger
	Blah I have 4 more hours of work 	disgust
	 ik heb ook een kado Xtra voor lie en rie neergelegd Heb ook gespeeld met Marietje99	surprise
	So the line was too long to get a salted caramel mocha //3 	sadness
	Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in but with what it is still possible for you to do - Pope John XXIII  	joy
	Things that people joke about that clearly  funny seriously me more than anything! 	anger
	But now I have too much work to do and all I want to do is go to bed! Plus next semester I won't be able to revert 	fear
	I miss my super cool  sunglasses that broke 	sadness
	oh shit is live today 	surprise
	black friday shopping at target was  sleep for about an hour then off to northlake for more black friday shopping 	joy
	first meet of the season tomorrow with Buiscubes!! 	joy
	My cell phone has low battery I don't know where my charger is 	sadness
	wait my face today after school	disgust
	 Wow Excelente Hitazo de   Disfrútalos sólo con  con los Mejores Hits de Súbeleeeeee	joy
	HATE waiting for people!!!!!! Again I wish I could drive 	anger
	I got my baby sister rihanna's perfume 2day she's gna be so happy with my purchase! ♥	surprise
	Don't Let That Nigga steal your He didn't give it To U	joy
	Trying to teach my nan how to use her new   I think it'd be easier to train a monkey! 	joy
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Coming home tmrw!! But dont get to see my baby till sunday night ): 	sadness
	why ppl ignore wo like them  like who ignore themall guys r same here  no1 r helpfull  ve covered me	sadness
	And the moral of the story is never trust a minivan's reliability on Black Friday Or any day  	sadness
	I hate working in the winter The shop's always really cold 	sadness
	I hate fabric shopping with Mother She drives me absolutely INSANE Doing it alone next time 	anger
	Bae gone have a tough dayGod be with this family who has to bury their 1 year old baby girl :'( God will take good care of her♡	sadness
	simula nong sumaBak ako sa mundo ng twitter hnd pa ako nkktanggap ng kht isang HI mula sau :(	sadness
	la ps3 todavia no se vala tienen que venir a buscar :)lo que sicagué con ir al EVO este año jajaja! 	sadness
	Why Would you compare yourself to global warming -- 	sadness
	Can't stand whn I get off that's when I'm WIDE AWAKE {O_O}  	sadness
	And now I'm just rollin' home into my lover's arms  	surprise
	Early S/o to my moms for buying me food later on this week !	surprise
	I am in Calabar Enjoying the people weather food culture  Delighted to be in Christ 	joy
	Soy tan feliz la navidad empieza aflorar en mi casa  	joy
	got on twitter saw it was snowing got outside yea it's pouring down rain 	sadness
	Observing show choir rehursal because I don't want to go home 	sadness
	and that is why paediatric nursing/ physio/ medicine is a discipline where you need a wealth of heart and courage 	sadness
	I haven't even looked out the window and I can hear the rain pouring down 	joy
	Logged in and did some voidwatch today Got a pile of NPC fodder 	surprise
	It took alot for me to say Hi  wave with a smile on my face But meh I know now you don't care Ended waving at a rail post :( 	sadness
	Saw Nick Kroll and Will Ferrell ALMOST make out And just like that a dream I didn't even know I had has been crushed to bits 	sadness
	Mailroom was some kind of crazy today  	anger
	The suns gone dim and the sky's turned black 	sadness
	Omg secretary Jun's jealous! He slammed the table! 	anger
	Laugh and Sniggle More than That! RT PraiseWalker: The average person laughs 13 times a day (Only 13?  Very very sad!)	joy
	I dread to even think what would happen if I ever come across a rat 	fear
	is the condition where the tongue works faster than the mind So Think before you regret the words you say Loose lips sink ships!	anger
	“BiancaEnne: and  have equivalent power The first moves you backward and the second moves you forward ”	fear
	Today has been full of great news 	joy
	i hit girls sometimes but then i kiss them on the lips afterward cuz i feel bad	anger
	My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	I know geeessshhh This long distance isn't working 	sadness
	I'm just gonna say this once: drink is evil I'm never drinking again I hate my phone 	fear
	Starting my Christmas shopping today! Tis the season to give  I might even set up my Christmas tree today  	joy
	Ion get it? What satifiscation do you get out of telling everyone your pregnant when your not?????? 	sadness
	Hanging out with peeps when they smokingand just sitting there 	sadness
	I can't wait to be in awkward situation next period 	joy
	That moment when you finally accept the truth that you aint shit to her and you never will be 	sadness
	Omg jk I can't fail tomorrow Just got back up to study more  	fear
	ughhh im not gonna be with you all tomorrow cuz im on a ceramics trip :(((( i'll give coach my secret santa gift	sadness
	a one week thousand point rally and the FED HEADS are saying the economy is much better than expected 	surprise
	I hate it when you talk to someone every single day and then it just stops All of a sudden neither of you say a word to each other 	sadness
	 Main name board of almost every public/private office/shops in Lalbaug is of Black  While colour 	surprise
	Yeahhhhh LE contrat que j'attendais depuis 3 mois est arrivé !!! La question c'est  ou pas	surprise
	lots of Maryland action today- hopefully Field Hockey and Women's and Men's soccer will prevail - the Turtle	fear
	mi hermana no confia en mi yo tanto q la quiero pero 	sadness
	fuck me they not going to kill me off are they? yes I think we are screwed honey cant bring self 2get in touch with them 	fear
	“For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness” — Ralph Waldo Emerson 	anger
	I do not like it when girls cut half of their hair short and keep the other side long  Like no You can't have both 	anger
	Tried so hard to win tickets to Jerry Seinfeld today on the radio  	sadness
	CUNT SAKE! I'VE RESTORED MY IPHONE FOR NO REASON! 	anger
	just ate my last cookie from momofuku milk bar 	sadness
	big move Antwan randle el is our converted qb of the new franchise 	surprise
	Follow me on Twitter for official results and coverage	fear
	Having a lie in tomorrow! Don't have to be up till 8 	joy
	Behind every successful man there is a surprised women 	surprise
	Apparently there's no new Castle tonight :((((((	sadness
	Can't wait till bro gets home 	surprise
	Been chilling with the Saudi crewhad no idea they had food cooking in the kitchen	surprise
	ahaha ( you gotta see my ugliness when u turn your phone on 	sadness
	Phooson5 days awaygonna have one happy daughter!  	surprise
	Well Looks like I'm missing family vacation thanksgiving happy funtimes to stay in Chicago and be sick Fucking Awesome 	sadness
	The third Sunday of advent is all about joy  What does the of Christ mean in your life?	joy
	We're all going out this afternoon eldest was 15 on thurs he having 5 mates over tonight 	joy
	Watching and listening to people eat me	disgust
	The kitten that i just brought home last night is already lost I don't understand 	sadness
	Off to the cinema to see Dream House 	fear
	When fun things are happening the day you have to study for your final :( 	sadness
	Found my old keyboard pity its not my old drum kit 	sadness
	maka-urgent naman tong client oh DECEMBER 1?! 	surprise
	Half Blood Prince is airing for the first time ever on TV y'all HERE WE GO 	sadness
	I'm home watchin this sad movie Missing college 	sadness
	Op donderdag 1vrijdag 2 en zaterdag 3 december dagen met 25% korting op de hele kollektie muvfeestkleding en My best jeans	surprise
	Rise n shine!  Its a beautiful day n I'm filled w/ the and  of      	joy
	sick of people who suck up to eachother ALL the time 	anger
	Christmas 2010 Memories with my dad Last 1 w/ him  in the thought that he's celebrating this year w/ the  	joy
	Another day at the hell hole  	joy
	For real!!! RT QTONGUEHER: Factor tweetRT This looks disgusting but tastes delicious!!!	fear
	F word S word D word  	anger
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Not coming to  until SatAM but will DEFINITELY come  say hi Watch out for something sweet on Reg Desk from EL! 	surprise
	Are your software developers in the middle of a call center? They might start to hate their jobs 	surprise
	I get it only people who can review the new game to make you guys money 	sadness
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Picture this Dark skinned fat guy w| a bright ass purple shirt   bright yellow pants  some bright ass purple shoes  	disgust
	Hoe lucky kun je zijn 2 krasloten 1 van 15 euro winst en ander 4 euro 	surprise
	We sang happy birthday to in Chuys and in Pinkberry It's the day of births WOOO!!!  	surprise
	So Congress made pizza a vegetable based on tomato paste rather than calling for more real fruits and veggies in schools 	disgust
	they won't let me buy it why would they let you? (Plus we'd have to deal with it being YOU too) :/ 	sadness
	Time to get ready for 8 hours of work !	joy
	hahah yes! remember when i was about to kick becca in the face??  	anger
	Taking my sister out for her birthday!   (:	surprise
	Rain in state college? 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	just a mass of gross smelly white folks	surprise
	I'm bout too go back too my shit  	joy
	is momentary madness -Horace 	anger
	I've been lonely before but some of you muhhfuckas be walking around with a Loner sign tatted on ya forehead 	disgust
	ngayon pala showing nung movie ni at na  ☺ di nga lang ako makkanood bukas pa! 	sadness
	10 yr old Kid came into my store excited because he saved up his money to buy his mom boots for Christmas There IS hope for us 	joy
	hahah mabey we both buy and place under the tree 	surprise
	Tonia coming into my house and scaring the shit out of me  	surprise
	I have a class in the design building Seriously? I don't think there is a building farther away from Larch 	joy
	ESPN NBA Tentative NBA deal reached espn/rpUJM2 == Derek Rose back in time for Chistmas  	joy
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	 wonderful job such a refreshing night of worship! Thanks for using your gifts to bring glory to his name! 	joy
	Lol the Wonderful life i live   yall just dont know but believe yall will find out soon ( : 	surprise
	Making the best bubble bath by putting every single bath soap in 	joy
	Too broke to afford Black Friday deals on-line 	sadness
	Aww I just saw a commercial for the Hallmark recording stories A troop got a Charlie Brown one from his son and wife( 	sadness
	Every time I close my eyes I see the old us  the old love  the old trust and I think of how u broke it smh 	disgust
	Home from a long fun day with my girls college Now it's time to get down to business  start studying for my sociology test tomorrow 	joy
	Some people that tweeted me minutes ago will be in my new video for Youtube 	surprise
	Don't fight  with fire Fight fire with  can be healed by   with  	sadness
	Dear men here's a useful piece of advice : Avoid woman Anger !! :)      	anger
	En heb je problemen (ideeën adviezen etc) dan kun je donderdagavond tot 2100 uur bij ons terecht en wij helpen je verder	surprise
	Gonna watch another episode of The Good Wife 	surprise
	from the  evolution  The efforts to Strategically Incapacitate the 99% have tripped the switch blown the breakers-- - of the 1%	fear
	I'm gonna start going to bed early so that my good day doesn't have time to turn into a bad night   	anger
	This sunday dinner is gunna go down so well!!! Ahhhh can't wait last sunday dinner in england =( 	sadness
	is a reaction Courage is a decision	fear
	MULTI COMBO KILL ! (avec des bisounours sadiques dedans)	fear
	Thought about exchanging my Bday dressBut then I found THE PERFECT Heels! 	joy
	First a friend with terminal brain cancer now another friend has suffered a major stroke and is unlikely to recover 	sadness
	I find it sad that whenever there is football on tv trending turns to that Do tweeters really have nothing else to talk about? :/ 	sadness
	Damn if only she knew :( I don't wanna fall for you ckuz ik you won't pic me up Trying hard not to 	fear
	That new thing he does he learned it from the best sweetheart 	surprise
	Just shoved a pillow pet in a freezer at Wallyworld 	surprise
	The moment when your girlfriend is too busy to text you cause she is playing video games  and :P	sadness
	Apparently somebody tried to break in last night 	joy
	Family Night More like Rub It In Caleb's Face That He Doesn't Have A Girlfriend Or Wife Night!  	joy
	Good thing I'm not totally consumed by and riddled with THE FEAR right now 	fear
	Stuck on the train when I'm only 4 stops away from home and hungry and there's an annoying child behind me  	anger
	Still not sure how Roland Emmerich got away with naming his horrible movie after a great Heinlein book from the 1949 	sadness
	Weather for leatherbut sad am all alone home with only my hand and ten fingers 	sadness
	Gonna have another day full of writing papers  studying tomorrow 	joy
	2 hours down Only about 9 left My turn to drive and cops are out everywhere 	joy
	the vinyl collection is growing! :) 	joy
	Whoa O_O RT BarbieKinzZ: Facebook has turned into a platform for perveted men to freelyunshamefully like comment on porn!	disgust
	Hot5's competing at the Petersen Event Center tomorrow!! Come out and support them!!  this	fear
	How the hella do we lose Riley and Arlo White in the same day 	sadness
	Just had a wonderful moment mentioned Sarah Palin in passing and I actually had to think to remember who she was 	joy
	It's amazing how much bleaker my Monday looks with no new  to look forward to watching tonight 	sadness
	 sub in English and were reading a story about killing dinosaurs! 	joy
	Tonight it's going to be a looooonnnggg night Didn't do any b day homework over the weekend 	joy
	Little Pigs Too in Peak has closed 	sadness
	That Feeling When You Hear An Airplane Descending You Think It's Comin Toward You 	fear
	Study grind for calculus starts tomorrow!! 	joy
	Has they day off work :) spending it wrapping Christmas presents you're gonna love yours 	surprise
	How bout that! “MrWestPhilly35: would'nt feel so good if it was'nt for PAIN!”	joy
	-_- to you RT Deb_DoesItBetta: lol yeah I totally meant you (see what I dud there?)	surprise
	I don't have proof but santa just stopped by my office with some candy canes  	joy
	is so nice to dream about someone that you'll wanna meetbut is just a dream | 	sadness
	 cocky Dermstill a very big fan tho	disgust
	Has an amazing night planned out for  	surprise
	lets smokke tomorrow RT UrHighness54: i speak severely streets prepared me  u aint gota Like me mothafuka U me	fear
	As much as holidays don't feel like there coming it always feels like christmas 	joy
	Had no idea it was going to snow today  	surprise
	Shit no he's coming over too oh well I guess 	anger
	JESUS CHRIST GABRIELLA! just shut up!!! 	anger
	That sad moment when you realize that you haven't seen your cousin in forever:(((((((   gone:((	sadness
	Off to be surrounded by engaged and soon to be wed couples 	joy
	How I feel now is how women must feel when they agree to anal Going to d level!! 	fear
	did the horse shampoo work?? i'm sad to say my hair has not grown but i continue to use it in a desperate attempt 	sadness
	 Si je vous fais un sneak peak de mon chapeau vous le gardez pour vous ?  Ou vous préférez la ?	surprise
	Sitting on a broken bus with going to a hi los gig 	joy
	tweet dengan artis macam tweet sorang2  xkuase nak tweet dengan artis  	disgust
	Lmao RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	What fucking basketball team doesn't have a number 24 Settling for 22 	sadness
	Just looked in the mirror and god I look awful 	surprise
	Heel iets hulp mag wel toch? 	surprise
	Atleast we got a glimpse of nice weather 	sadness
	On my gym GRIND OD this week! Gotta get ready for Friday night!!! 	surprise
	girl i miss you too!   I LOVE YOU TOO!  we need to skype soon!	sadness
	Talked to my mama and she actually made me feel better lol	surprise
	Preparing menu for Christmas eve soirée Very inspired and creative this weekend ℕoíʀ  βℒeú ㄒʜℰℳℰ (cont…	joy
	Stop allowing small minded people to steal your 	joy
	Wow today went to shit faster than I thought it would 	surprise
	When you notice every nurse and dentist around is wearing yellow goggles 	fear
	[Les Sessions Melody Nelson on constant repeat] 	joy
	too bad ill be stealing you and zane for the break cause i miss you so much 	surprise
	Happy Tweet:  Joy like everything good comes from within  HOW CONVENIENT!    	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Musical folks are especially sensitive to those things) Plenty more tunes until Christmas 	joy
	Sleepy timelaw class early in the morning 	joy
	Was the surprise in my Kinder Surprise the surprise that there was no surprise in said Kinder surprise? 	sadness
	looks like its  again maybe it will snow enough so we can have a snow day Oh wait Im an adult now  	sadness
	God please shine your grace and mercy on this oddly looking lady that's about to cut my hair Great Clips!	fear
	Thank God I don't get the NFL network so I don't have I watch this shit  	disgust
	Off to town to do the last of my xmas shopping - wish me luck I feel this could be carnage 	joy
	Oooo just been offered a brand new laptop with zero cost! Shame it's spam :( 	sadness
	I hate when animal cruelty commercials come on Makes me wanna crawl in a hole and die  	sadness
	Biology 'Mock Mock' in 5 minutes 	joy
	I lost my  pin today 	sadness
	it'll be a surprise! im coming home and nobody at home knows! 	surprise
	Christmas songs lie to me The say jump in bedcover your head cause Santa clause is coming tonightyet Santa doesn't come 	sadness
	Castle view school tommorow 	joy
	I saw the world without any borders in my  I was flying under the sun above the trees no just  Dreams are my reality	fear
	ohhhhhh i had to stay home cause i have to study for montgomerys test 	surprise
	haha I love the trash talk I gotta admit you did better then Juan lmao I still have a blockbuster trade up my sleeve ) 	fear
	 When you text someone and you know they read it but they still don't text back  	anger
	Many people are afraid to say what they want  that's precisely why they don't get what they want  	fear
	If you are patient in one moment of anger you will escape a hundred days of sorrow  	anger
	I have a that one day I'm going to sit to pee and something's going to bite my ass or worse my twat  	fear
	now how am I going to waste away my time at work without OpTic videos?! 	sadness
	Jurassic Park: The Game I don't know what you are exactly but a game is definitely not it 	sadness
	Ear infection  Can't wear earings for a week 	joy
	Just found out that the blanket I've been using all morning is actually a snuggie!! 	surprise
	heard screaming infidelities last night made me wanna be at the bar witchu oh wait no whores were there 	disgust
	If yall could have seen the total look of on my face Yall would have been like  wrong wit you?!?!?!	disgust
	My mom just got home from work	joy
	kennedy wont send me taylor swift perfume  	sadness
	Home bound! :) Carl bought me McDo and Snickers again! \:D/  Thank you for picking me up in school! :)	surprise
	Visto un video spoiler di  dove Santana fa coming-out con la nonna Dico solo: Tante lacrime! 	sadness
	This girl started crying bc we ran out of cotton balls 	sadness
	Everyone in my family but my 8 year old brother are in a bad mood 	joy
	OMFG YOU USED A WINKY FACE OMGC and i have a really good idea on what that might be(	surprise
	Its december tomorrow! That means I get to open my christmas calendar and listen to christmas songs 	joy
	At home sick and today is the day they decide to test the fire alarms in my apartment building  	anger
	well since we're confessing crap me and alejandro do make fun of you 	surprise
	this room so dark I'm so scared! 	fear
	Seeing an add for 's album on tv and knowing you dont get it till christmas 	sadness
	Ugly meter reads: if beauty was time I would be an eternity 	surprise
	I think I might I dont realise I am flirting sometimes as it is the case in real life! Because when I try I suck grandly	sadness
	was made for survival mechanisms that save us in times of danger But I survived I'm ready to 	fear
	I slept in this morning  Yesterday was so full of awesome I didn't immediately fall asleep my brain kept going though I was exhausted 	joy
	Actually had a good dance night 	surprise
	i should treat my daddy to the game tomorrow ill do anything for my daddy he's 	surprise
	My first 3 hours are going to be in mr dalys class tomorrow 	joy
	Despite the media's attempts to drive him out Hillis is the  most talented player on offence Enjoy him for 4 more games 	sadness
	a silent manHe has lips like a drum	fear
	The transition is nearly complete Mirror mirror on the wall I am my mother after all 	sadness
	I guess I should be thankful I even have a job but not being able to eat with my family doesn't make me thankful for anything :/ 	sadness
	Happiness comes and goesbut if the joy of the Lord is your strength it will always remain 	joy
	My parents forgot to tell us about our family pictures being taken today  	surprise
	I hate it when you start to have feelings for a girl and then another guy takes her 	sadness
	Finally at home ending a hard week Now it's time for a hard weekend 	sadness
	you find true and  in  when you give and  and go on giving and never count the 	joy
	Aww my babe wants to know what his huge present is but why ain't he patient lol! :-)	surprise
	Daughters indoor soccer opponent no show Dads take role of opposing team Suffer humiliating 7-5 loss to 7th grade girls  	sadness
	someone told me they were just for Christmas someone LIED  	anger
	Give me sun shinegive me some raingive me another chancei want grow up once again lobo song	joy
	Mean Girls 2 is the stupidest movie ever It shouldn't even be qualified to be a movie 	disgust
	Waiting for tonite!!!! Ummm wonder what has up his sleeve! (Smirk) 	surprise
	Off to my first Christmas party this year  holiday 	joy
	'Tis an unbelievable feeling I could cry laugh and scream at the top of my voice I still wouldn't be able to make u understand! :') 	joy
	This Nigga childish  Dnt fuckin Lauqh at my brother bcuss he gotta problem he cnt help Tf 	sadness
	Ron Paul is one candidate that hasn't flipped or floppedeverIf he does well in IANH may be in play as well 	surprise
	Have an amazingggg day everyone:) I actually don't mind being up this early lol	surprise
	Don't fight  with fire Fight fire with  can be healed by  with  	anger
	feet are killing  hate standing all day work 	sadness
	En fait finalement je part plus seule en Australie : un pote du Roller m'accompagne ! 	surprise
	You gotta love Isaiah He said With joy you will draw water from the wells of salvation (Isaiah 12:3 NIV) 	joy
	Surprising kids with trip to Great Wolf Lodge tomorrow Can't wait to see their faces someone you love tomorrow too!	surprise
	People come back I miss you 	sadness
	This   shit has me ready to delete my twitter Ignorance is contagious and I don't wanna risk catching it 	disgust
	Non c'est pas drôle JONGHYUN DOIT DOMINER Mais j'ai trouvé un moyen pour te faire te calmer 	surprise
	I don't remember the last time I had a PBR 	sadness
	Knippen en plakken met een mac is toch makkelijker dan met lijm en papier  	surprise
	I miss you so freaking much! :'( & it's your turn to talk to me 	sadness
	Officially a youth graduate 	sadness
	turning 20 in 2 weeks and it actually feels as though my childhood is ending 	sadness
	 by ending his candidacy today has robbed America of a great potential TV moment: Trump yelling at him You're fired! 	sadness
	Looking forward to get this done and seeing the reaction from my beautiful gf  if you ask I won't say what it is 	surprise
	It'd be more convenient if Whitehouse had a Starbucks Then this frap wouldnt be melted by the time I get it to foneseth 	surprise
	People are more likely to die in hospital at the weekend? 	fear
	The way to defeat darkness is to bring light to it     	joy
	I did once and my mom came in the room the next morning and ripped my sheets off to wake me up for school 	surprise
	Great dinner with KyraLcrowcan't believe in only 11 days she is leaving me for another country 	sadness
	I was offered tickets to that game for free and turned them down because I didn't wanna freeze I'm glad I did 	anger
	Phone just flipped out at me for shutting off its charging source Looks like the power is out 	joy
	I'm all about finding a fierce wedding dress Plus you're sample (model) size 	joy
	Oppassen op en  omdat een zieke collega vervangt bij en moeder met de zus naar de  is	joy
	I still have nightmare about her licking my nipple I dat shit	fear
	So big Sean fell off stage performing son still go hard tho ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS!!	sadness
	Fyi I'll be ignoring my phone for the next few hours Readings homework and psych studying is calling my name 	joy
	ahahahah D: Necestio el Guitar Hero 3 Legend Of The Rock T-T 	fear
	The awkward house chat in an hour 	joy
	I don't like that you are moving into Shannon's because I don't get to see mama Shawn as much Or at all! 	sadness
	I made pie and its good!!! 	surprise
	Texas offense wouldn't make it through 5A playoffs Since Colt hurt in '09 BCS it's been a travesty 	disgust
	I dressed nice today and mom wanted me to be slob? she's in again hahaha	disgust
	Feel weird to be back in Derby doesn't feel like home to me anymore 	sadness
	I just found a stuffed snowman hidden in my bed Thanks 3yo! 	surprise
	Ever feel like you're losing touch with someone and they want it to happen? 	sadness
	I'm going to change my twitter name to mary iloveryan martin oh wait That's lame as FUCK   	anger
	Oh yeah and final speech tomorrow plus two more days of Mrs Greiner 	joy
	It's funny how you keep ignoring this huge fan of yours supporting you since  from all the way in Panama 	sadness
	Sint zat te denken Help ik wacht al een week op inspiratie en die komt maar niet Morgen moet en rijm klaar zijn!!!	surprise
	I don't want to walk 26 km everyday Especially in the winter 	anger
	nog stukje van gedicht maken nog steeds hahaha 	surprise
	I'm a casual noo  anat getting a pair of cruyffs and a stoney livin' it large	fear
	Gedicht is af Toch nog 2 kantjes van weten te maken Alleen gaat het grootste deel niet over de persoon die ik heb 	surprise
	just saved $70 bucks on blu ray DVDs at Walmart ) i love black Friday	disgust
	~ Parei pra pensa  uma par de pço vai muda de escola  outros vao pa noite  hooj foi a Despedida na  e se Pah o {+]	joy
	i feel like want to tears when i watch that video 	sadness
	did I mean to this? My heart pains to hear this 	sadness
	there is a dead mouse in a mousetrap in the utility room i've walked past it loads im leaving it for my mum when she gets home 	surprise
	Need something to do to take my mind off of how the best thing in my life has been ripped from my hands! 	sadness
	2 hours in a cold as waiting room is the perfect way to spend a friday -_- 	joy
	Disappointed with what child is this on carols for a cure 	sadness
	don't  worryits not like you have a heavily pregnant hormonal woman in your passenger seatoh wait    	joy
	My grandmother won't let me step foot in the kitchen 	sadness
	spending a day just cuddled up on the sofa under the duvet with the boyfriend eating everything that's bad for you 	joy
	Well if you enjoyed Man U going out of the Champions League tune to freeview channel 33 where you can watch the 2nd half all over again 	joy
	we are like 30 minutes away from eachother  be ready for me to come visit!! 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	HATAR ALLT HATAR MATTE HATAR FRANSKA HATAR SKOLMATEN HATAR ALLT management needed  bitch	anger
	Hi brother appreciate your talents aqnd I love the band Just started following todayany chance you can follow me back? 	joy
	Back to work Very excited to be taking away tomorrow for his buffday! 	surprise
	Fuck religion eat scum eat a corpse fuck a nun  	fear
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	I think I will be reduced to tears at Westlife's farewell tour next year :( 	sadness
	I sure do! True smiles make my days  	joy
	Tooday passed pretty quickly 	surprise
	I was ridiculous mad with  and  Seriously don't mess with important school papers	anger
	You about that tonight? RT PeterJ91: I would spill my leftover chipotleatleast my dogs got to enjoy it 	anger
	ugh sick to my stomach once again 	surprise
	Le fanatisme est flippant même lorsqu'il s'agit de Twilight Des nanas de 50 piges qui se font tatouer des scènes du film ^^ 	fear
	ITS NOT PENNY'S BOAT! Charlie! Nooo!!! /3  	sadness
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Happy birthday JASPER!!!! 	surprise
	I'm so tired And now the long cold walk homezipperless lol 	sadness
	Goin to the mall with my cousin cause the mother of won't take her :C  	sadness
	we'll see! haha :) maybe ill buy one or just wear cute clothes 	surprise
	And my pudding's in 6days  RT Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	Hooray! RT RachB_Official: Kay  You just tweeted my FAVORITE line from Uprising! :D !!!	surprise
	Oh chocolate wrapper on my deskyou were hiding the last piece of chocolate Saving it for the moment i needed it 	surprise
	aircanada was just told by a friend that her flight last Friday run out of food Really?you guys not know there was a flight ? 	surprise
	No Pan Am tonight T Swift is super awkward btw 	sadness
	if the do not sign Jose Reyesseeing another 100+ loss season 	sadness
	“NayerMusic: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Last night before I have go to that shit hole 	joy
	I hate it when ppl dont do shit cuz they are scared! Dont live ur life in fear thats stupid! Ur gona die one day accept it n have fun! 	fear
	I love giving gifts to others Least I can do after all my family does for me	joy
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear not absence of fear ~    	fear
	OMG who are you!!! Who says that TupacTaughtMe: I could care less about football College or NFL 	sadness
	I'm dead serious When you have a copy let me know You can mail to me I will mail it back 	joy
	Full day of basketball  Men's game at Bridgeport University in CT accompanied by a 35 hour bus ride each way 	joy
	really? The buses are running in this? Person who decides if the buses run your   	anger
	Why is my  black shatter SO thick I can't even use it properly? 	anger
	I'd love daylight savings an all if I didn't have slight night blindness 	sadness
	“kgoradio: 8 people shot in West Oakland  All stable but at least 1 serious injury” Unfortunately no one is surprised Hella :(	sadness
	I cant learn for latin :/ RT DemiForeverx3: Have to learn for history But I can't concentrate on it because I think I'm bipolar 	fear
	The thanksgiving story we all learned is a lie 	surprise
	I feel like punching my bosses face A few times then choke her! 	anger
	Working till 9 then 1250 word research paper 	joy
	legs are killing me and I'm on the animal unit allday tommorrow 	sadness
	I can't get to sleep!!! Please body I've done two shows and a workout today what more do u want???? 	anger
	am going to miss the freehugs spree tm!!    sniff!	sadness
	wow! the version of Mysterious Ways by Snow Patrol I like it!	surprise
	went to the mva to get my license to find out that im scheduled to take it next week and nobody can take me then 	anger
	Eye for an eye Tooth for a tooth 	disgust
	secretly learning a song on the piano my parents will crap themselves when I preform for them Christmas day 	surprise
	5th Wed of the month = no new comicssatiated with fruit snacks Cheerwine and Young Justice	sadness
	yuck! Twitter don't need to know about your period life ma'am! 	disgust
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	This is me and michellehoetjes's saturday nightplaying board games 	joy
	Ordered a book from the big A online at 1030pm Monday Opted for free delivery 3 to 5 days Just been delivered - 9am Wednesday! 	surprise
	The music in Rick Perry's anti-gay anti-non-Christian ad was composed by Aaron Copland who was gay and Jewish 	surprise
	A shadowwill be interpreted as being followed  by a paranoid schizophrenic  	fear
	sleepy time cant wait to work with tomorrow considering her days are numbered 	sadness
	GOOD NEWS!  I'll be releasing a remix TOMORROW!    	surprise
	Stuck waiting for bus to Eccles now I can see this taking about a hour to get work 	joy
	This time last week I was watching twinatlantic this week I am not 	sadness
	 a DAD burps really loud in a restaurant  shelbskaay	disgust
	hahahahahRT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Excitement and are a matched pair  Excitement without  is not excitement    	fear
	I dont know why but i hate Jessie J! y cuando la comparan con Gaga ¬¬ 	disgust
	na let me stop playin lol I remember I had to be carried to the car last summer lol Smh 	sadness
	That awkward moment when your friend plays like 12 random people on words with friends for you 	surprise
	no se si sea mi subconsciente y llevo tooda la mañana cantando   que bonita época dicese de esta Navidad :) 	joy
	Everyone on the east coast is already taking their thanksgiving napsss  	sadness
	Buy for vs alone!!!! Omg that match was amazing!!!! 	fear
	This tea fucking sucks Where the fuck is my coffee cup? 	anger
	That and to press my follow button so I can bring you   every twitter experience	joy
	Today is already off to a bad start 	surprise
	0_o i wrote that?! i must still b tired RT  RoJustDGAF:  RT DymundPrynsess: damn red had angure in that tweet	anger
	Any point against Bama is a good point to barners RT rosscollings: Great point on the half-time show	surprise
	On my new laptop! But my parents are taking it away until Christmas in a few ): -Summer	sadness
	I love teaching on Wednesdays It makes me laugh and provides an interesting challenge 	joy
	THEM NIGGAS BUY THE STYLE THE DON'T CREATE THE STYLE!  	sadness
	I got dressed today Which means no slacks or sweats on 	surprise
	It's good to be aware that a certain amount of is going to accompany every change in your life - change for worse or better 	fear
	 is an emotion thats overrated  is an emotion thats out of control bt i like fear fear keeps you sharp	fear
	yes people mosquito repellent is my new deodorant 	sadness
	why won't asos accept my nus number? grrrrr 	anger
	Oh wooowmine is a day b4 his!   Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	gedoucht nu klaarmaken eten en naar school met de auto!! 	surprise
	Na een leuk dagje op het voetbalveld vanavond een feestje Met veel vrienden in een kantinekomt wel goeddenk ik:-) 	surprise
	i cry every night cuz u dont follow back :(	sadness
	san francisco hippies let that shit get braidable and do braid it 	surprise
	I almost forgot my hair was red until I looked in the mirror 	surprise
	swim meet today at MiddletonHS 	joy
	fibro_elo: every person interprets pain differently Prime example: fibro People w/fibro SHOULD know this   	anger
	What do I want for Christmas? Hmmm I want justinbieber!!! But I'd settle for a new computer since that's nearly impossible :( 	sadness
	Lol Have No DRoss Is Here! (Hero Voice)	fear
	So happy to be done with my paper then came back to my room and my mood was ruined I HATE TIM TEBOW SOOO MUCH!!!! 	anger
	these people park in the middle of the dang aisle looking for stuffwalk slow with no plan	anger
	been home for the past 45 min and iv been working on homework :'( break is so over 	sadness
	I wish one day there's a signage on the train saying NO BAD BREATH CAN BOARD THE TRAIN 	sadness
	The Office episode written by  	joy
	Strawberry millions are the best thin evaa! 	sadness
	There is no room for both  and  no room for and the  I  in the  and he shall direct my steps	fear
	     !!!1!  Merry   a Happy New ! mediale  party	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Feel worse than I did before and I cant get back to sleep 	surprise
	I'm just the funny white boy that can shoot and sits the bench! 	sadness
	Well the hell of hell week is over  And I just had my first chai latte of the fall  Annddddd I finally have time to sleep! 	joy
	Androids should make an ansta-gram is making me jealous with her instagramm 	anger
	Ahhh my sister is taking me to target so i can stop waiting for my brother:) 	joy
	umm Ms Cahill Do you think I could get a follow back please!  :'(	sadness
	At Ledos found out some friends are coming down Sunday I can't see them I ain't seen them in 3 years and it keeps going:(	sadness
	No school today off reading 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Cant decide what shirt to wear tonight 	fear
	Feel like I've been smacked in the face by Enda et al I could man up if this was it my limit the last push But it's not  	anger
	I feel physically sick after the way that ended   	sadness
	I love surprising people	joy
	Man city winning again 	surprise
	Words can't describe how angry i amit's been a horrible sunday--gr8 way 2 end my week Not talking to any1 til my 26th bday	anger
	got home at 1 just to leave again what am i some kind of teenager? 	surprise
	Finally the weekend starts and I have time to write again¸¸•*˚¨˚* ☆∗♥∗☆ But first some  for all the lovely people I follow!♡	joy
	No auto tune but you can feel the Pain& all comes spilling out like I hit a vein 	fear
	Pumpkin spice latte way too sweet?  Is this what having adult taste buds is like?  I'm frustrated that I can't finish this thing  	sadness
	Et l'acoustique pourrie va nous obliger à changer toutes nos intentions de jeu 	surprise
	Willy wonks and the chocolate factory!! 	joy
	David black ass making me feel uncomfortable 	joy
	Sounds like a wonderful call  you were important to her ~ hence the fact she had to talk you at that late hour! is Legit:D	joy
	Got a full day today! -_-	joy
	To see a kid dat was born 2004  feelin Dr Dre's chronic 2001 now   and a chic to be organized for him	joy
	hahahahaha I didn't know Asian girls could lift stuff that big 	surprise
	Just got suprised by prize money from the woodbridge fair! A heaping sum of $14 	joy
	today is going to be just as busy as yesterday 	joy
	Eindelijk aan m'n begonnen Het principe 'Wrestle in the Centre of the Ring' (Dr ) is nog immer niet aan mij besteed	surprise
	Good nights fun in Captain A's with the lads  could of done without the brownie with 4x4s in the morning 	fear
	I have study hall first period And it's the only one today :( 	sadness
	is the condition where the tongue works faster than the mind	anger
	Sometimes we just make it unnecessarily hard  the maelstrom of living overcomes Rest Gratitude 	joy
	I sleep to try and ignore the   and botyled up inside me	anger
	aww tahir bhai is so talented sweet lovely couple MA  Stay blessed xx	surprise
	Let go  stop fearing the god(s) you say you love  honorYour thoughts create these emotions of fear    	fear
	I will be waiting for mine next meeting 	joy
	needs a profile pic n someone needs to  bad  end his 	sadness
	Home tonight hate this family right now	joy
	FM jaa volgens mij alleen nog maar headhunterz en gaat Zkr lekkah! (Y)	fear
	Fucking hate waiting in linee! :	anger
	I've become a bitter person What's the point of putting on a fake smile if I don't appreciate anyone 	sadness
	good to see you made it out of the library  	joy
	sitting here with jurneeeeee! shes too sweet for coming to see me after surgery 	surprise
	i have a confessionI AM EATING WITH YOU TODAY! 	surprise
	Ecoute la future BOMBE MUSICALE INTERNATIONALE 2012 LOURD !!!!!!!!!!!  	surprise
	My bunny ears of my cell phone cover are falling off 	sadness
	I never thought there would be an authentic account named twitter ironic how twitter is tweeting about twitter  	surprise
	Threw my bat at my dad one game haha 	anger
	Friendship is like money easier made than kept & Butler&  	joy
	so mad at for not making my cd :( 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I succumbed to the germs going around the office Le sigh No sick days yet either 	sadness
	Arabic coffee what can I do to make you happy 	joy
	Got my formal dress no one will be wearing it this year   	surprise
	Resist Launch out into the deep!	fear
	 paralyzes God's workSatan can use peoplepast pain to lose our focusNow in bondageBreak free!See Exodus 6:1-12 	fear
	One kill away from an ac130 I die then get fuckin spawnkilled by my teammates care package 	sadness
	Dear mr Husemann if you don't put the review answers up I am not taking the test You said this would be done 3 days ago Gaaaah 	anger
	Try to surprise birthday boy and he ends up surprising us by showing up at our hiding spot 	surprise
	Great meeting with senior team this morning then fabby catch up with the wondrous 	joy
	Een brand op hart van nederland -__-	surprise
	mau sebagus apa pun gadget yg lo punya!! nggak akan berguna jika signal 3G nya nggak dapet 	anger
	Dear BlackBerry App World WHY is it that every single time I open you YOU FREEZE MY BLACKBERRY???!!!   	sadness
	you know i haven't had  all christmas season 	sadness
	Le chauffeur du bus vient de demander au mec qui écoutait la musique sur son téléphone d'arrêter  	surprise
	Biz Marke has fallen so low 	sadness
	Congrats! Also my copy of your new book is missing the last page of the Sauna chapter 	sadness
	I'm scared to love because I'm scared you'll leave 	fear
	Herrrrrr lernen en daarna transformeer ik tot knip-en-plakpiet 	surprise
	Ehexam finals time 	sadness
	Come check out our fabulous new home in  We're now at Semiahmoo House   	joy
	The awkward moment you get ditched on your anniversary night out 	anger
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	I think I actually might go to this That's one thing I don't hate about her 	surprise
	a woman worth some is certainly worth some 	anger
	rite rite rite cause we def will go up dhere and pop dah trunk on dhem lol niggah ctfupp	surprise
	My mom is an idiot She says she's going down to the church to do some last minute work  	surprise
	no snow for christmas i think i might cry 	sadness
	too bad when the feelings wash up I feel nothing but 	disgust
	drove to wal-mart to get princess bride on blu ray for 5 bucks saw the parking lot and drove back home 	fear
	One of my favorite ska bands coming to DC I can't go 	sadness
	I still think it's hilarious you live in hahawhen you told me I thought it really WAS a surprise! lol	surprise
	I used to be so much more clever and witty Now I am crabby and boring 	sadness
	Taking a detour on my trip to go see my brother :))  	surprise
	Media exam tomorrow Guess I'll revise this evening 	joy
	comes from  in  depression comes from faith in failure	joy
	just bought our christmas tree! let the decorating begin! 	joy
	Dude i'm LATE ! jte retrouve sur le tapis de course !	surprise
	Packing to leave tomorrow 	sadness
	6 hours straight of dance to look forward to tonight 	joy
	chocomousse vergt 175 ml slagroom dat heb ik dus niet in huis - en je moet het met de hand kloppen niet met een mixer kansloos	surprise
	I'd like to relax on a Sunday but I gotta finish writing a story about slaves 	joy
	I will go to the mall find a stranger wearing white Apple earbuds and give them a quality replacement! 	surprise
	poland is ranked high for best looking people in the world 	surprise
	Wag nang wish list Un-wish List nalang para hindi na madagdagan yung mga photo frames at figurines namin sa bahay 	surprise
	sou um loser ou o quê? 	sadness
	I Just Got Beat By My Dad In Chess 3 Times ! 	sadness
	Surprise dinner with Mieke turns out to be surprise dinner with Mieke  close friends  =)	surprise
	Did you leave without telling me goodbye??? :( 	sadness
	Haha of course I come home to a different house leave it to my parents to redo the entire downstairs without warning 	surprise
	I'm not totally sober and I'm at home 	sadness
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	Conjectures of the mind are far greater in number and in scope than the things that actually happen in life A A Al-Qarnee 	fear
	Needing coffee Why do I not live closer to a Starbucks 	sadness
	Thanks to and for stoppin in and watching  I lose our soccer game 	surprise
	My mom and brother are debating on whether I'm a nerd or a bum 	joy
	what the heck?!?! Not ok! How did she get a broken shoulder??? How did they not notice at the hospital?& 	sadness
	Making study guides for my finals 	joy
	Qui est prêt pour un voyage en carotte spatiale ? Kallou	surprise
	Doubt I'll get a message from you today Won't be a 	surprise
	The best thing we could EVER pray for those around us is for them to know Jesus so they may know    !	joy
	not my fault practice right now haha!!  RT MrBreakTheBank: GTF! ✌RT LifeAsAdrian: your from Texas and you can't Jig?! Lol	disgust
	I just hope I'm hearing right Karma's got me fearing life 	fear
	The shrieks of terror coming from down the corridor as my flatmate plays are endlessly entertaining	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I do not want to be awake moving or cold And right now i am all of them 	sadness
	i feel weird everytime his gf's add me on fb they eventually break up he gets another one the new one adds me  d cycle continues 	joy
	Love and Hip Hop on my newsfeeds 	joy
	legally we can  the government for many things           	fear
	surprised you are not on strike today You love a ride on a pointless bandwagon	surprise
	Yea yea I'm still on it! I'm still grinding! Sleep on me if you want! I'm comin' out of nowhere!  	surprise
	Dad close the door when you piss No one wants to hear you're waterfall 	disgust
	many ppl lie 2 themselves even when 1 cud plainly point out 2 dat person totally rationally reasons why they're lying 2 themselves 	sadness
	Egyptians' Safety Fears Mount After Revolution 38% Feel unsafe only 3% victims of crime bitly/tAn1j3   via AssemMemon	fear
	Outfit della digital hypster: tavola da snowboard Macbook Air iPhone 4 Oxford-ish accent boot neri fuseaux verdi maglia rossa 	anger
	I want  to wear their trench coat with nothing under it ) 	surprise
	Mid day sex is da best 	surprise
	Trying to find something to about the place but I have found I have done everything already :c 	sadness
	I can deal with and  but  is of  another dimension and scares me so Where  to find the source?  	anger
	left her phone on airplane mode Nice excuse Hahah time to talk to her until she falls asleep ) haha 	joy
	I'm sending my parents your way in March! And by I'm sending I mean they're going and I'm left behind 	sadness
	Some people Swear that they're  but they really don't have a  bone in they're body! 	sadness
	Is there likean award show on or something? People are upset 	anger
	shock horror Computicket don't learn from their mistakes 	surprise
	I was up all night with my 7 year old Frankie he has the stomach flu  Its been one long continuous night the of 	joy
	My mom is doing christmas shopping online but is using my email address for the gifts she's buying me…	surprise
	We the weather yet we don't fear God	fear
	Greatest fear in life Someone will find a way to retrieve everything I’ve ever googled   	fear
	great start to my dayits raining and I had no umbrella or hoodand I've got a test first period  	joy
	hulu will not allow me to watch the new episode of glee!!! 	anger
	Kinderen komen net thuis En ik ben er!!  Benieuwd of ze het leuk hebben gehad! 	surprise
	WTFH IS THIS SHIZ? I WILL KILL EVERYBODY I DO NOT REMEMBER THIS BLOODY HELL   	anger
	hey man back off pal!!! Haha 	sadness
	equal opportunity rapping that shit is unreal! 	fear
	My brother called Needs money  when I need something I get shit on yet everyone turns to me for help 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Amazing day!!  Hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful Monday!!    	joy
	Omg just got asked if a wanted to walk in a fashion show in tilburg im so happy! Totally freakinh out 	joy
	“BarackObama: Tonight Senate Republicans voted to raise taxes on millions of working Americans speaking of ridiculous this is	disgust
	Kohl's did a parody song of Rebecca Black's Friday song using Black Friday in the lyrics instead 	anger
	I AM a circle of lightsending  of vibrant   2 all  	joy
	Every chick I meet think I'm fucking groupie hoes!! 	fear
	Waking up to awesome  news and now off to Christmas Fair in Llanachaeron!  	joy
	Eeee!!! I leave Friday morning for LA!!!! OMG!!!     	fear
	:P haha don't be mad huney ) I'm gonna draw today again right? :) :))	surprise
	finally you got it! Congrats! Do they know already? How did they react? 	surprise
	Almost 2 weeks later and the gash on my leg has nearly healed I can finally fully bend my leg now! 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Ah yes now that 230am sleep time is starting to kick in 	joy
	Anticipation!!!! & Of Anarchy in a few hours!! Can't believe there's only 2 episodes left tho!! 	sadness
	His name is Michael he's such a bitch And he has an ugly hair cut And I don't like his boots 	anger
	Home from RW Too bad I had to go home na agad 	sadness
	Thanksgiving break has finally started!  I get to look forward to the 3 exams I have when I get back 	joy
	Big weekend and my voice is tired!! 	sadness
	wow dude  Don't know which is more impressive the video or getting a acknowledgment  Congrats on both	joy
	My heart is turned to sugar cane!& am so lucky to have such divinely loving friends   	joy
	Tonight is going to consist of cleaning my whole place before i go home 	joy
	Hates school I wanna look at Christmas lights	sadness
	I'll never have a chance with Chris not because we've an ocean of distance between us but because he likes girls with big foreheads 	sadness
	Ce tweet provoque chez moi un grand sentiment de dépression 	sadness
	Just made the finished the last power point for the semester for Progressive Caucus  	sadness
	Fighting every urge to rip these stitches out 	anger
	The trains stopped in the middle of nowhere and said there's problem 	joy
	 you are put on the spot and have to give a speech at your grandmas 80th birthday party 	surprise
	for to fall back asleep on me! :/ 	sadness
	Je viens de voir le film Les Schtroumpfs avec mes enfants Et j'ai beaucoup ri Par contre bien sûr : 	surprise
	OMG no all my family got to it before i had a chance and it was my birthday cant believe i missed out 	sadness
	cut on the back of my leg that has been bleeding since 5:30 am! what is going on??????  	sadness
	This Duke game is going to give me a panic attack and it hasn't even started 	fear
	holy fucking shit my dad from afghanistan just showed up at my front door 	surprise
	Get comfortable feeling uncomfortable - haileycoleman   	fear
	I always miss it when you are on replying to people! oh well maybe next time 3	sadness
	Im not even going to respond to that and let my make me make a mistake That's sucka-stroking	anger
	Unexpected finger prick at the doctors 	surprise
	No applause for Rick Perry 	surprise
	“Sometimes your is the source of your smile but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy” ~Thich Nhat Hanh 	joy
	So the waking up early to do homework thing didn't work out 	surprise
	 confirmed for  it's not the confirmed ones we need to worry about tho  	surprise
	 2nd half results: Wolves d SSB Generico d Togo Steen/Dragon d Bucks to win the tag titles	fear
	hahah I'm jut sitting here sucking it up I hold be ashamed that I've actually made this 	disgust
	My train fare was less than usual today!! 	surprise
	Missed dance class today so we're decorating the house and tree today 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	damn I wanna leave right now! sadly the two guys I board with aren't really responding 	sadness
	I shouldn't be allowed to do anything when I'm sad or mad Just makes the others get more hurt :s +  = ?*!?	anger
	i should have taken spanish but i wanted to be difficult Now i'm regretting my decision 	sadness
	Not feeling too good today :( 	sadness
	 throw in Khawaja / Wade / Warner and suddenly we've got match winners 	fear
	too damn scared to answer 	sadness
	☛ If you Want to Conquer FEAR Don't Sit Home  Think About it Go Out  Get B U S Y! ~Dale Carnegie  	fear
	no not yet he hasn't a clue thinks we are going back notts gonna be good  for my lad	surprise
	Hate feeling upset  and 	anger
	Just read the article Makes me so angry I had to tweet you about it again 	anger
	This life is overwhelming what you don't know	fear
	Oro allora :)son spariti tutti da twitter oggi 	sadness
	Thanksgiving should be a happpy time Instead my family is arguing   	joy
	It kills me to think of a 5 year old video taped doing sex acts Bachelor_PGH: yeah that's really messed up	anger
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Saw  last night hell LOL hit that quick u-turn back into the room	surprise
	Mufasa! Oh god oh no this is like the 500th time he's died You think he would het smarter and climb on to the ledge with simba 	sadness
	Pour info BAT FOR LASHES à déclare récemment n'être seulement qu'au premier stade d'écriture du nouvel album 	sadness
	you  justin should go to the wax museum  justin can pose like a figure freak people out -lol   AlfredoFlores: LA ✈ DC	surprise
	 when people tell me to relax! Bitch I'm already relaxed say it one more time and I'll frigin knock you out! 	anger
	You should anything including God God only wants love	fear
	i already got all my christmas presents so i have nothing to open 	sadness
	There is absolutely NO reason to fold underwear or socks I like to keep them jumbled for color selection purposes  	surprise
	 When I take my children to Santa's grotto and thier faces light up 	joy
	9 more steps please RT OK I'm watching Turning point and they are feature Jets and Bills  	anger
	City shutting up shop thought they were amazing attacking side?	fear
	Fucking fuming!!! Student Finance you cunts!!!!!!  	anger
	Lets give it another half an hour more ): ):	sadness
	you know what really gets me going ABessey13's love of speaking in Spanish and owl city 	anger
	my two hardest finals are going to be on the same day back to back 	joy
	It makes me laugh a little bit every time my mother has to admit that I knew what I was doing when I raised The Boy 	surprise
	In the firm clutch of the and with a 7am training session in the morning things aren't looking particularly promising	fear
	Unsubscribed from 2 daily newsletters that I NEVER open inbox feels lighter already 	joy
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Grateful for the sudden ability to make an amazing omelette! 	surprise
	Just had possibly the most awkward conversation in my life 	joy
	im sick and i sound like a man 	joy
	Glad I knew my dog was preggers new puppy to play with!	surprise
	I put £20 in petrol yesterday and she's trying to tell me there's no petrol What cos u was driving round ur mates 	anger
	No work today movies all day 	joy
	Als ik nou ga douchen ben ik om 12 uur klaar en dan heb ik nog een uur om een gedicht te maken 	surprise
	That moment of when your teachers want you to act like an adult but your not allowed to go to the bathroom 	anger
	At CHEO for MRI this morning - Striking reminder that if you don't have a sick child CHEO then you can't be having such a bad day 	sadness
	Fuck so many people smoke 	disgust
	Morning Weather not playing it's part today and I'm off to the dentist later 	joy
	Happy birthday ! No such fitness is on this years Xfactor 	sadness
	so confused and misunderstood need this game tomorrow to let out some ! 	anger
	My mom got peekaboo blonde on top and brown on the bottom haha Guess were gonna be complete opposites soon 	joy
	Looking forward to tomorrow and also NOT looking forward to tomorrow UGH it's going to be a luverly HOMEWORK filled weekend 	joy
	Wearing shorts and a t-shirt in November didn't seem like a horrible idea Then the rain started  	surprise
	Time to tidy the messing office! 	joy
	Went to the Oregon Duck game last night saw and  	sadness
	Birthday is tomorrow and I can't make it  to tiesto/Tinie tempah/ferry corsten/deadmau5 	sadness
	The moment you realize you can't get him out of your head Even though your in a perfect fairytale and he's moved on 	sadness
	In your anger do not sin”: Do not let the sun go down while you are still angry 	anger
	I'm serious - I cry over because I know that I'm probably never gonna meet him and if i do he's gonna forget me :/ 	sadness
	Heck yea! Got my Christmas ringtone up and running! If you call me I may not answer due to the joy it provides! 	joy
	One day I'm going to write about feminism and How I Met Your Mother 	anger
	Good Morning Tweeps! Happy Wednesday We're half-way there! Do something amazing today   	joy
	was it your brother!? =P I miss him playing hockey 	sadness
	Up at 645 on thanksgiving to drive to some random town in Mississippi 	joy
	Looked under the tree  found some presents for 'amy' Which is weird coz i only asked for one thing  it hasnt even arrived yet 	surprise
	Coffee all over my Bill Russell book :'( 	sadness
	I could totally Liz/Jade bitch gif Demi right now but I turned off my comp already 	sadness
	2)March 2009the market said : the opportunity was therebut COURAGE was missing The factor was too strong	fear
	Taking the kids to  and the 7 dwarfs opening- night in   a bit of a so sst -)	surprise
	it's always rosie who spreads things round!!! i know its not reality but ughh! 	anger
	when you walk past someone and taste their bo 	disgust
	all this  news has made me very nervous whenever i see a cop  even a friendly cop in the mall  i hate that  	fear
	Time for bed before a big day of packing/moving and yet more packing 	joy
	cheer up baby girl! at least u don't have the flu with no one to take care of ya! 	sadness
	Nog ff en dan wordt t grote mysterie ontrafeld ! 	surprise
	In RTE with a bunch of politicians waiting to live on the  Not even facing a grumpy Sean O'Rourke would have them so nervous 	fear
	I was surrounded by enchanted listeners at today's  concert Their  moves hearts Beautiful! 	joy
	MT steveadamsmusic Nothing like snow outside while hot cocoa in hand fresh Christmas cookies and The Santa Clause on TV 	joy
	Oh my Pulled a Just bought the new GaGa  Tony Bennett Duets Found music in my cloud I didn't realize I'd purchased 	surprise
	Law  Order SVU missing child case voicemails deleted giving the patents false hope And the hack doing the hacking isBritish 	surprise
	O me pongo a estudiar ya o me quedo sin y sin ir al pueblo $	joy
	Happy Tweet:  When you've got joy on board discontent is thrown overboard  Happiness is the best of all life-extenders    	joy
	Do the thing you most and the death of fear is certain 	fear
	House work on a friday nite 	joy
	«RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	Eindelijk! 2 van 3 gedichten af!!! Ben nog nooit zó creatief geweest!!! 	surprise
	Fighting the urge to drive 45 min to Hobby Lobby today for Christmas decorations I miss my Hobby Lobby so much 	sadness
	Being stuck because your crying so much you can't see to drive is not fun 	sadness
	Urgh what a day! Glad it's overonly a million things left to sort out at work tomorrow before I go on holiday 	joy
	Tell your mom congratulations!! That is fantastic :) 	surprise
	How ironic that the idiots who arrogantly claim to represent 99% of the populace are opposed by 99% of the populace?    	disgust
	I woke up w/ this morning! Went to sleep w/  on my mind!   	joy
	my dad bought angry birds for me and bro 	surprise
	les francais ne voient plus la France comme un AAA?:) bretones	surprise
	Hello world Give me a shout it's a brand new day starting here 	joy
	you are missed greatly I was 20 minutes late lol 	surprise
	I hate watching movies set back when women didn't have rights They never get to be with the men they love 	sadness
	Friday and Saturday - Oliver Peoples/Mosley Tribes/Paul Smith We've got everything in all 3 collections with special pricing! 	surprise
	Ppl that wear sneakers with suits and claim the walk to work is their daily exercise u me	disgust
	Haven't left my room today/  	sadness
	It's the first Sunday of Advent As I do every year I will be posting an  task every day this month    	joy
	Retweet “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	jus so u know I have stalked ur school website to see when u play and u will see me in the near future !	surprise
	When the Ewok tries to wake up his fallen Ewok friendI die every time :'(  	sadness
	KurtScobieMusic: Rehearsal with the FUSION BAND tonightExcited for the worship set tom night!  be excited about tonight! :) 	surprise
	Tiens y a de la taurine dans les croquettes Friskies chat d'intérieur 	fear
	 Put a snake in front of me and I'll pet it put a rat in its place and I will stop breathing 	fear
	Hi there! Great 2 hear from U!  R here  I'm  as well I have a for U  all my friends stay tuned xoxo	surprise
	we cant comemy mom didn't make it home and we didn't have a ride 	sadness
	Terug van Bart was super  	surprise
	Monday morning fear after a messy weekend 	fear
	First night of break and I'm working 	surprise
	This makes my weekend better Get my car back and going to  	fear
	FEAR - False Evidence Appearing Real         	fear
	Final collection day for ! Come down to Life Care's maint bldg to drop off boxes On w/ now  	joy
	No lie:  pizza box actually has a reminder for people to tip their delivery guy 	sadness
	I don't wanna go get my allergy shots then sit there for thirty minutes to make sure my throat doesn't close 	anger
	Yes and I see nothing!  No shit no fancy cologne all 	sadness
	There is a green Taurus for sale (the only kinda car my parents wanna get me) in the save a lot parking lot  they refuse to go look! 	anger
	Just stepped outside to get a look at the sky Cloudy sleeting No chance of stargazing 	sadness
	Ready for chaos Someone called in sick before the holidays 	joy
	Goedemorgen allemaal Straks lieve Sint begeleiden naar de school van mijn dochtertje :-) zij weet van niets :-)	surprise
	Only running 40 minutes late 	joy
	“RT no hoe lol” You better watch Out lil Nigga ! No bi*** you better watch out lmao” BEOTCHH !!!	surprise
	Maybe I do need a  (said I would never get one) I'm always walking around w/a blanket wrapped around me Hmm  	surprise
	I hope the zombie apocolypse starts on black friday weed those people out first  	disgust
	Lost a follower /3 Yes i do keep track of these things 	sadness
	The only things that ease the pain at all   	sadness
	God is the reason why even in  I smile in  I understand in  I  and in I continue to 	fear
	Jim's Steakout til 5 am 3  I need to come up with my fake boyfriend's name to keep the creeps away LOLZ	anger
	Be truly glad There is wonderful ahead! I Peter 1:6  	joy
	I dont know how I can let someone in again the of a repeat is greater than my fear of being shot 	fear
	I don't like sharing my feelings Im scared you'll run if I admit something 	fear
	I need more sleep and is being a meanie today! 	sadness
	My behavior on days when I don't get a nap has changed little since I was 5   	sadness
	Bad day? You'll be happy to know your cards are nearly finished Simple and fun - and all metal type  	surprise
	I don't much but I'm very much afraid of what I'm starting to feel	fear
	When ppl don't know whats going on in ur life they go crazy tryin to find out what's going on wit you 	sadness
	Amazing sermon on from Ed Bacon all saints Pasadena Wonderful service	joy
	Holy fuck this knee pain is excruciating since this nerve block wore off 	sadness
	people who demand respect don't have respect from others they have 	fear
	the moment when you leap into bed and accidentallyy pull a muscle  	sadness
	School tomorrow and I still can't sleep 	joy
	For all the hard work everyone at Betsson Tech just got iPaded! Everyone here has smiles like kids at Christmas today Thanks! 	surprise
	Had a great surprise birthday party thanks to my family and girlfriend! 	surprise
	It's 30 degrees here but hardly stopped pissing it down and tomorrow I'm at an outside party 	joy
	Courage is not absence of fear it is control of fear mastery of fear - Mark Twain  courage 	fear
	I'm Real Mad Tho Cause I Was Press To Go To The Doctors 	joy
	five page single spaced essay on morality aids and africa 	joy
	Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will no evil for you are with me	fear
	Some people you will never begin to understand 	disgust
	Just burned via tweet So how long do I have to live? If it matters I would give the joke a 5/10  	fear
	German Grammar Relative Pronouns 	anger
	I don't want a doctor touching my butt! D: I'm supposed to have one of THOSE exams since there has been hinus cancer in my family 	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	im literally shaking with concert is going to be the highlight of my year 	joy
	I'll slam it in her fat face!!! No word from the Smyth's? They aren't answering my texts!! 	surprise
	When I was an adoption agent we put folk thru the RINGER to get kids But any old Travionica Jenkins can bust em out And KEEP them 	fear
	: I feel upset about this scandal I was speechless and I feel like i failed miserably No u didn't	sadness
	Porphyrophobia- Fear of the color purple& person with this fear is insane and obviously freak out at the sight of beiber (=  	fear
	I hate sneezing Once I start I just can't stop Ah right after I typed stop I sneezed again 	joy
	Hebrews 13:5 The  is my helper so I will not be afraid What can mere motals do to me?   Hi is!!	fear
	blah pract should be i love being sick	joy
	Congrats on your pretty new car! 	surprise
	The part where she drinks the blood is 	disgust
	I am very whiney today my sincere apologies Wtfuffle Rage	anger
	L'ultima speranza di veder rinsavire era questa data Che triste conferma Togliere la parola prescindere dal vocabolario 	sadness
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	My brothers friends say they saw a UFO  	fear
	“j_balla: trying a tuna fish sandwich”  tuna sandwiches slapppp	fear
	Try to do something sweet for myy bf and he has an attitude about it because I want to keep it a secret and him -- WTF \3	surprise
	is a motivator to do or not to do  it should be in harmony with other motivators and naturally is	fear
	What type of woman feels comfortable fucking with another bitch when they have a child 	sadness
	Just watched my Fair Queen daughter Kris smile as she was complimented by 25 Santa hat wearing kids saying Queen you rock it BIG! 	joy
	Tonight was awful And I get to do it tomorrow too! 	joy
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Was just informed that the Magic aren't printing out the fancy ticket booklets this year for season ticket holders 	sadness
	Av found my inspiration 4 poetry strange buh i gat 3 complete pieces already :o feel lik f*ing shakespear today!	sadness
	 be on the lookout for a special announcement   	surprise
	really bad all across the screen :( you will see tomorrow 	sadness
	wait a minute  knows how to tweet? 	surprise
	nice pun there to make me chuckle thanks Kev! Still petrified though I woke up with a wheezy chest 	fear
	C looked outside this morning: I can't believe it! There's snow No cynicism pure joy To be four!  	joy
	TELL HIM D Indian Constitution does not take begging very kindly he he he 	disgust
	When people spell 'woman' as 'women' 'women' is plural dudes	anger
	Yeah just got home from the mall! guessing ill get about 6 hours of sleep before my mom wakes me up 	joy
	Thanksgiving number 2 I don't even know like half the people here 	joy
	All my old friend think I gotta new crowd and people seem to notice every time I DO smile 	fear
	just found the nastiest girl group picture ever on facebook  	disgust
	No longer your prison today I remember who I was then now is gone 	fear
	Taking it out on sm1 else isn't the ans Bottling it up isn't either We all nid a 'proper' release An outlet Hmmn 	anger
	“Kasheyy_HD: I hate this class I hate school I hate Mr Pruitt! Learn to talk! Go kill yourself writing” the truth	anger
	I fake people dont wanna go around them nd I dodge em 13	fear
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	didnt know this essay on fucking geese was due tomorrow 	joy
	Psalm 5:2 Hear my cry for help my King and my God for to you I pray    	sadness
	Tool of RT johninvermont: War on terror not only hoax but impossible Noble at first but how to win a war on anger?	fear
	The  is supposed to the people And you call yourself a public servant We will teach you 	fear
	Got a good class in a sucky location-- central More gas to waste 	joy
	Heeft er heel toevallig iemand nog een paar ballonnen thuis liggen? (: 	surprise
	i'm at the family location quite frequently You are either working or your Dad doesn't bring you 	sadness
	good but it will go to the new Timing Belt in hub's car 	joy
	I From 3 Things In  (( 1Allah 2Parents 3Stand Up For Myself ))	fear
	You let someone else make your choices for you next time don't drag me into it	surprise
	I finished reading  and now there is no more books for me to read)': 	sadness
	Girl on the bus puked green translucent liquid with blotches of phlegm I then watched it slide down the bus and hit people's feet 	disgust
	I love Christmas music more than any other kind but I only get to enjoy it for two months per year Luckily it's !	sadness
	Good morning IBS!! Can't get off toilet (sorry for TMI) and now feel like I might puke! 	joy
	After all this drama and shiiit I now want to fight someone so badddd -____- Nut eryybody always backs down 	sadness
	If I tell yu something  I trust yu with it  yu fucc me over  consider us fighting on some real shit ! 	disgust
	why does nailpolish chip after ONE FUCKING DAY 	anger
	1Employee Flash Mob in the Apple store today 2prank called me from the store 3Dad joined the iphone world 2day 	surprise
	So I'm still up! Just not feeling with an uplifted spirit but I aint trippin! Hopefully I can sleep it off of me! won't win!	sadness
	When I dnt eat all day when I do finally eat I eat anything and EVERYTHING 	sadness
	Arrrhhh this poor excuse for a laptop is getting on my tits!!!!!!! Going jail for killing a laptop Whats the years?!! 	anger
	I was excited about going to calebs wrestling tournamentuntil they left me 	anger
	this girl i work with feet smeel like corn chips when we change at the end of the night 	disgust
	The awkward moment when you wake up with a snake wraped around your hair 	disgust
	mamma mia mi servirebbe un bel gruzzoletto per poter vedere a new york il concerto dei mars  	sadness
	Kpele!!!RT EzNira: Can't sleep n I'm too tired to play dress up 	sadness
	Bring on the debate of Ecuador Coffee was promised theres none 	sadness
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Celebrating my besties birthday tgif's party!!!! Then casino!!!!!!	surprise
	Don't come back to me w that shit ever againnah no love from hippie  shame on me to let u advance on my love 	disgust
	hey man thanks for breakfast love you bro       	joy
	Don't even look in his eyes he'll take you nothing but lies He looks like a cool drink of water but he's candy coated misery 	disgust
	True story: some guy hit on me at the  told me he'd pay me $70 to sleep with him and he'd buy me lunch 	disgust
	is crying to the movie 8 Secondsabout a cowboy	surprise
	You jus wanna argue i aint got the time Dont take the out on me 	anger
	Apple expect me to go back for a 4th time! Because they don't have any iPods in stock and have to order one Mugs! 	anger
	Ah :s  Dommage alors !  Ben j'te dis la par écrit ?	surprise
	Definitely thought beiber's  faggot ass would of won 	surprise
	Can't really talk to anybody but my sister and her phone is broke 	joy
	Funny how this bitch doesn't hang out with me just cause I'm a smoker  now she is hanging out with mad smokers oh! she doesn't know! 	joy
	Had no idea my Uncle came in town from Hawaii   Surprise	surprise
	Los candidatos no piensan en el pueblo piensan en sus beneficios 	sadness
	around the world in 80 days + dove = sunday afternoon 	joy
	Going to see Priscilla Queen of the Desert  Ray Mears is in it Unexpected bonus Alf 	joy
	so its that time of night where i just have this burst of energy and i wont be able to go to sleep for another hour or two lol 	joy
	Many news interviews start “Should we be worried about?” Yes please tell us what we should WORRY ABOUT  	fear
	dish washer is broken got to wash all our dishes by hand now 	joy
	I dont care what adjectives Critics used for itbut I loved d way I took it easy  enjoyed myself throughout READY  	surprise
	Cocaphobia of ugliness aka prisoner of ugliness lmaoo love you 3	fear
	Bless you lady knows what angry birds is? 	surprise
	This time next week I'll be in New York City  the weekend before Christmas!  	surprise
	My coffee is gonna taste extra bitter tomorrow Probably all the tears   	sadness
	I'm afraid of It's inside me I feel it quite heavy not pleasant  	fear
	I'm Really gettin SCARED about this Diabetes Issue! Will I be  by the time I Enter My 40's Too?!? BEFORE!? :-( I Know  :-(	fear
	What the fuck is the point of choosing not to excercise? To me it shows you have no self respect and a lack of ambition 	disgust
	Hate free's on me tod like 	sadness
	I have a huge of snakes coming out of the toilet	fear
	A cup of hot chocolate~ 	joy
	Can't wait to get my wisdom teeth out Christmas Break 	joy
	i love walking in my house and having a 9 foot christmas tree standing where my favorite chair was 	surprise
	Bon y fout lavouer je me fesait pas assez de pub mon blog etait normal et ma fan page paq assez remplimais va changer 	surprise
	Bath hot chocolate did my toenails 	joy
	Home sweet home! jphelan4	surprise
	Missing my love command the stage 	sadness
	HOME!!!! Such a rough trip home but so worth it!!! 	surprise
	Llegando con lo justo a todos lados y pensando en mis planes de la noche 	joy
	Looking at the bottom line and not seeing us in the Sugar Bowl still makes me want to strangle somebody   	anger
	Sending my new lens back and saving up for a 35mm Have to keep repeating to myself It's just a 'thing' it's just a 'thing' 	sadness
	That corny shit played out b You done killed that shit 6 moons ago 	disgust
	Mon Interne me sort des bièresdevant la L1 du foot féminin 	fear
	I want a pillow pet for christmas me	surprise
	Oh boy Madonna is the halftime performer of the super bowl this year! 	joy
	Finally I don't have to deal with a broken fone 	joy
	that girl that you take out n she orders water when u order a bottle of champagne	fear
	Hate it when the bathroom window is left open when it gets cold freezes the bathroom  	anger
	Trots op mezelf! Net toch nog maar een fase van het project gedaan En weer boordevol inspiratie! 	surprise
	The fear is an unavoidable workplace hazard 	fear
	up so earlymy family doesnt even know i came home or is home right now 	surprise
	awkward moment when you're wetter before you have the shower :( 	sadness
	NOOOKylie goes home today!  school starts tomorrow!=/ 	sadness
	OK ESPN If i wanted to watch Coach K I would go down a channel 	anger
	I come home and my little sister is having a slumber party at my house	joy
	just got home from Shangrilanakbuy na ng idodonate sa charity/GMAbukas! sayang wala si sa party p	sadness
	Stand up for the week is actually quit funny 	surprise
	OH SHIT!! tomorrow is part 1 of tha season finale of Son Of Anarchy!! 	sadness
	 is awesome!!!  I  the writing  :) that I have to wait a week for the next episode :(	sadness
	Majority of men lead live of discretion to please others is only a feeling  is a blessing!!	fear
	going to write a research paper 	joy
	RTRT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	wooWOOF Hear bells ringingtweeps singing Holidays are so near Itz a wondrful time of th year Wishes for   good  2uurs	joy
	Thank you for your Re-tweets Wishing you a great holiday week! Brittenaylynn	joy
	Some people will always live there life doing nothing and being sad 	sadness
	Sometimes I wish I had 300000 dollars to buy a flying car to visit all my friends and family whenever I want 	sadness
	I'm so scared! Is this really how life forces certain circumstances on people? It's so hard  	fear
	And so ends another marvelous day in paradise Everyday progressively better than the last 	disgust
	Als een date te mooi lijkt om waar te zijn dan is dat doorgaans ook de werkelijkheid      	surprise
	I Will Use You Till You Are Worth Nothing If You ME If You  Me I Will Do Anything In My Power Not To Lose That	fear
	I Don't Know If I Like The Feeling In My Stomach& (?) 	fear
	I don' think I can put my onto canvas as its a destructive anger I'll just punch and trash the canvas to pieces	anger
	I believe you've just got on to a hypothetical highway that may be leading to the danger zone  	anger
	I wish I was an alien so I could play the piano with my long alien fingers But I'm not an alien And I don't play the piano 	sadness
	2 weeks until you have to visit people who never visit you the rest of the time and eat turkey that isn't as good as Our Sharon's 	joy
	So should I just turn off the TV now? Because this is upsetting  	sadness
	Gotta love that moment when your parents say your full name and you start thinking of all the bad things you've done recently 	fear
	Just enjoyed Parkour documentary and unexpectedly found myself in the credits! 	surprise
	!! RT YeahhKemp: Ughhhh I HATE Potato Salad  Macaroni Salad ! 	disgust
	Of coursethe one weekend I have to spend writing an important paperthere's an ASU game andmore importantlyHarry Potter Weekend 	sadness
	Show up to class an hour late door makes loud noises when I open it everyone turns around 	joy
	thank god my mom bought me a snowman kit too !!!!!	surprise
	15 txts/10 missed calls Sometimes I wish I didn't have a phone! Time to replycall back! 	joy
	New Career Path: History Channel Reenactor 	surprise
	Just woke up to 8 emails and not one of them was from my professor giving me feedback 	anger
	Night twitter family! Sleeping in again then math final Which means no more math ever! Then it's anatomies turn to try and kill me 	joy
	2 essays quiz and an assignment all due dec 2nd do I even have time to study for my actual exams 	joy
	“krustykins: Jon bought me a luffly Radley purse yesterday Radley_London”  very nice lucky you!! x	joy
	Its difficult for me to ignore all their nonsensei have a feeling tooI'm not a girl tat no feelings 	sadness
	“LizRose82389: starting a Yoga class in late January if anyone's interested” you know I'd be down lizzard! Too bad I'm not closer! 	sadness
	everything's coming together !!! let the countdown begin 8 days left :)	surprise
	A runner doesn't mind being told to sit out a week but their biggest fear is being told they won't run again   	fear
	So bored and cold I wish I could cuddle up with someone and watch a movie   	sadness
	university of Arkansas tight end Garret Uekman died today at the age of 19 my prayers and condolences to them  	sadness
	Working on a message on  Fearing failure subjectively drives us into the arms of security where we usually die but never really live	fear
	Accomplished 6000 points in learnsmart for the chapters needed for next exam    I'm going to pass out now Good n8	joy
	Washington vs Toronto Tie game the last time I saw it My cousin betted against the leafs :( 	sadness
	Well this is depressing and now I have to write a paper about a depressed girl 	joy
	Nightmare before Christmas with :) so happy	surprise
	The free burlesque show was actually decent last night 	surprise
	I hate rescue animals commercials They make me feel sad and sorrowful for all animals out there  	sadness
	So lurking in this body is the skeleton of a 70 year old woman 	joy
	First I rip a chunk of my wall off next I drop ALL my belongings and clothes in the parkinglot now I get to study chem all night 	joy
	I feel bad for the people who paid money to see the Iron Bowl It's nothing but a blood bath now 	sadness
	The Kooks are performing tonight at the Henry Fonda Theatre and I'm here and not there 	sadness
	haha :) don't get to excited Ok I'll see u tomorrow some time :) xx	surprise
	Ive brushed my teeth 5 times sence last night and My tounge is STILL red 	joy
	got about 4 hours of sleep last night now we are out of coffee :(  	sadness
	Chopping wood with dad today thought i would lose a limb my hands were about 6 inches from the chain ahhhh 	fear
	Mon chef de filière m'envoie un mail pour me féliciter ! 	surprise
	KAPOWerful word today at   breaking it down Walk in the Spirit and experience the Kingdom NOW!   	joy
	sounds solid :p that's a good movie :D and u just broke my heart 	sadness
	comfort eating when you realise theres never going to be another Harry Potter film	sadness
	อิกระเทยยยย ผู้หญิง เขาจะเผามึงก็ยอมตายไปสิ ยังยิงปืนใน 5555  อินกับ MV - TROUBLE MAKER shot ??	surprise
	Ppl have a hard time letting go of their suffering Out of fear of the unknown they prefer suffering that's familiar - 	fear
	Find someone who knows you're not  but treat you as if you are  someone whose biggest is losing you	fear
	I see it i see it bol RT Deb_DoesItBetta: lol yeah I totally meant you (see what I dud there?)	surprise
	Morgen nog school vrijdag vrij op vrijdag: leren/ iets doen aan de surprise!  	surprise
	Off to the hospital ! Then gonna have a nosy around NEXT for a swish suit :) 	joy
	I predict 2-1 to the Super Sky Blues for Hull on Saturday 	surprise
	Get home  immediately find my grandbaby! 	joy
	Thank God my car is fixed- public transport's shit- packed stinking trains- freezing cold dark damp and now a bloke heavily snoring 	joy
	LOL RT purst0na1: DREWDIAMOND32 yow dem tek it dung quick off dem page	fear
	their are spies everywhere but the fruits are so big and the land have giantsbut the lord told you to take the land but you have 	fear
	My high school musical career is now over 	sadness
	♥ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	She Women share on of saying NO Impact lose focus Keep your convictions!	fear
	When Nika called me Jerome I suddenly realised what it was like to be not have the best name in the world 	sadness
	-_-RT 2_AboutThatLife: Finnah go watch this girl play one time  she better be serving 	surprise
	God im so mad its burning my fuckin stomach! 	anger
	got excited because we had chex mix at homeopened the bag and realized someone ate all the good stuff and just left chex 	sadness
	My upstairs neighbors must be really really sad They are absolutely blaring Joni Mitchell's Blue 	sadness
	The river is officially iced over 	sadness
	I picked up Bagels for the Office this morning I hope no one ate yet	surprise
	Daniel Alfaros hero is Daddy yankee 	surprise
	Walking down the drive is the longest part of the journey to school 	joy
	I'm not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	Me too she was suppose to take but u didnt know lol RT mommakaayy: I'm super jealous that my momma is going to NY next weekend 	surprise
	ben moi c'est amazon et c'est des pub pour des accessoires bébé 	fear
	Stupid Jew book 	sadness
	Failed spanish quiz with alek 	joy
	So the theme for today is Find the joy and happieness in your lives today and delight in it! Go through the day with a joyful heart	joy
	My Grandma will have the best birthday ever tomorrow !!	surprise
	Speak ya mind sir RT Teddi_H8Heauxs: I would say somethingbut imma be quiet on that one 	surprise
	My family from NC just unexpectedly arrived at my house 	surprise
	Ijust realized wen I donate mi hair ima look like mi brother from thee nek up -__- lol	sadness
	i hate myself for being such a procrastinator midnight shower then five hours of sleep 	joy
	hahaha yes I am And I will be returning to satv next week Don't tell lee It's a 	surprise
	I failed at making your mom's spinach dip 	sadness
	There is a lady on the train that is fighting with her mother over the phone Aahhh it sounds just how my mother and I get at it 	joy
	 has raised €3bn from its citizens to finance its debt This is no longer piddling amounts nearly €300 per person 	surprise
	“RogerClark41: This just in: The Mets have traded Shake Shack and Blue Smoke for a Bob Evans and a restaurant to be named later”	sadness
	I miss you is G coming home for Xmas?   ?!?	sadness
	This wind and rain is out of control! 	fear
	If you are patient in one moment of  you will escape a hundred days of sorrow Chinese Proverb RT 	anger
	A very early morning here Company CSR Day will be with old peoplewooweee Sending all   	joy
	can B a healthy early warning system if it keeps us out of dangerbut its important not 2 let our life B ruled by fear	fear
	bboying by myself on my spare got 3 head spin drills into a baby yeah it's not happening ever again 	sadness
	Like I didn't do my hair  im about to walk this parade 	joy
	yeah yeah we'll seecan't ruin Christmas 	surprise
	ya always know how to make me laugh :)  pssee you tomorrow! 	surprise
	everyone gets the it's a depressing uneasiness and dread of the week ahead creeps up after a night of heavy boozing	fear
	Home at last! Only a 125 hour day today 	joy
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	Failure seldom stops you What stops you is the of failure – Jack Lemmon    	fear
	Hard work van XNenababy	surprise
	It seems like I'm sharing the same feeling with everybody tonight 	sadness
	:) RE:    did I mention this fresh destination also provides a dedicated room for the studio!?! :-P	joy
	sad I missed bowling I had a migraine 	sadness
	Dammit I wish my friend was my girlfriend :/ Why can't she be bi or something 	sadness
	 geslaagd morgen knutsel middag en dan nog week om 3 gedichten te schrijven 	surprise
	Vannacht eindelijk weer eens goed geslapen! :-)  Vandaag nog even werken en dan weekend vol   	surprise
	Ima vox oomf in a minute before I go to sleep! Lol 	surprise
	LOVING me some Under the Mistletoemay become my 2nd fave Christmas album Behind Hanson of course! 	joy
	 is not in controlling emotionsbut MASTERING them! UNDERSTANDING them and overcoming negative emotions especially and 	anger
	Got my phone taken at school till friday 	joy
	same here on at 9 Not looking forward too it at all dude Plus iv too get past the tonight 	fear
	:( my travelocity gnome got knocked off his winter shelfunrepairable 	sadness
	is thr ugliest most disgusting deplorable thing I can think of It ruins my life Would you cowards knock it off!	fear
	Just History then I'm free for the night 	joy
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	So I have to say bye to 2 people I really care about all in one day:(& 	sadness
	First cold of the winter season 	joy
	just ordered pizza to joes door so he wouldn't have to worry about dinner while studying for finals  	surprise
	That awkward moment when planned tests turn into pop quizzes 	surprise
	watch out world i have a new thing to bake and it's coming tuesday 	surprise
	Swimming lost night in with Mike and hot chocolate won! 	surprise
	Eventually I will get tired of running  	fear
	Just bought an album and i got to upload it to my laptop and it doesn't show up the track names -- xoxo 	anger
	Putting up a tree and decorating Tucker55's house with  can't wait to see marias face when she comes home 	surprise
	About to watch the last episode of arrested development with 	sadness
	I just found out that my sister was going to regift a present and give it to me for Christmas A gift that I originally gave her 	disgust
	Heb een mooie blauwe ketting en een bruine muts gekregen :D 	surprise
	If only I woke up 20 minutes earlier I could've tried to get to follow mee :( 	sadness
	That moment when you and that one person have nothinq to talk about but you still want to be textinq him 	sadness
	Won 76-14 only 11 points but good for playing 3 min A quarter! 	sadness
	Ready for next week  day got to get my christmas things ready :) he's going to LOVE his gift 	surprise
	And im a keep it honest I'm so tired of bein subtle 	fear
	Coming early for a massage is just heavenly! I must be their first customer of the day 	joy
	I smell now  Market is in regret	fear
	is a good fucking movie	fear
	Don't let rob you of what tomorrow could be   	fear
	I have this money but idk what to do with so I bought my mom makeup my dad a watch and sis and me I splurge myself a lot now!!!!!!	surprise
	Not gonna lie I love the music from the Twilight movies 	joy
	nampak ada yang baru warna item di garasi *tutup mata dulu* 	surprise
	they say between Robinson  Brown is a good ole fashion hoedown  girls fuckin and suckin and asking for nothing  	sadness
	Another long day at work I can't wait! 	joy
	Ewe and very weird& should the smell of this bathroom turn me on?   	surprise
	Little Sis and her boyfriend are watching Bill and Ted but they're also snuggling so I'm not welcome 	sadness
	Bout to start makin sweet potato pies -__- 	joy
	If you say your not scared of anything  it's a lie  is in everyone  But you have to fight it  Because  beyond fear is 	fear
	Merry Christmas to one of my sweetest friends ~~ ~~ truly want for your holidays!	joy
	Rappel: d'ici au 31/12 les banques européennes doivent présenter des ratios de solva corrects malgré les pertes sur la Grèce 	fear
	odio esa sensación de muerte inminente en un examen final 	fear
	Husker den gangen jeg ikke var kul nok fordi jeg ikke hadde riktig tyggegummiholder og folk ikke ville snakke med meg Ble sur 	surprise
	The family is the bedrock of our society Unless we protect it with the institution of marriage our country will fall  	fear
	French exam tomorrow NAAT	joy
	Inside Lagon Campus  With Alhaji_Jeycee Passing Through  Tune In Now 997 fm  FM Nite w/ The Stars	joy
	going in my bed and staying there in the dark for tonight and all of  my sunday	sadness
	Not playing Skyward Sword today 	sadness
	Greatthanksgiving mad people in my house for no apparent reason smh -_-	joy
	I bet! Yeah not bad thanks just about to do the daily commute 	joy
	can I stop by today after school? I want to bring you something:) 	surprise
	putain c'est ce qui m'attend Je n'ose pas commencer 	fear
	Oh my! Cant wait babe :) RT daeleebaby: Has an amazing night planned out for  	surprise
	Great night :) Going to bed sibling pictures bright and early 	joy
	irritated and all I want to do is go to bed but I can't till we talk -___- 	joy
	I'm trying to watch Water for ElephantsI just cant! Makes me sick! Worse is to know it was true what was done to those animals! 	disgust
	Ew just stepped on a mammoth size snail while trying to walk into my house Not really okay with that uhh yuck 	disgust
	andd I'm way excited! We should make new lovee bracelets since mine died 	sadness
	Daddy's getting me a 4s!!!! Merry Christmas to me :)  	surprise
	another day of not feeling good	joy
	HOW COULD I FORGET TO TWEET WHAT HAPPENED 5 MINUTES AGO?! I came home and my roommate WAVED AT ME AND SAID HI 	surprise
	Just tried a pumpkin spice latte even though I hate coffee I hate it 	surprise
	Today i ate la paz batchoy for lunch   	joy
	how can me and kiss our teeth at the same time LOOOOL 	anger
	esta semana vou ter 2 testes e para a semana uma apresentação e ainda esta semana recebo testes todos os dias! 	fear
	Said jeans were sighed over admired sighed over again smoothed admired sighed over and finally thrown into the Goodwill pile 	sadness
	«says: remember what happened last time  says last time is not this time Keep your FAITH and TRUST God»	fear
	the police need to stop being pussies and clear them dirty fucks outif i was in that traffic id be pissed 	anger
	Teenage girls that have sex so young me	disgust
	I Do Believe That There's A Love u Wanna Share ' I'll Take Good Care Of u Lady Have No 	fear
	Be the sunshine on a rainy day  A smile a nod a grin of joyGive    to all	joy
	hahahahah Journalism party tomorrow 7th hour Will you be making a appearance?	surprise
	Very salty that didn't come over for dinner And let's not even mention his hair  	sadness
	To live a creative life we must lose our of being wrong  Joseph Chilton Pearce	fear
	A day of non stop fun for me! Jam packed with cleaning and washing 	joy
	I love you! Your crazy!(:lmao And he is such a effin liar and now he's getting in my nerves! -PS Not Justin3	disgust
	Babysitting the red head children again 	joy
	left school sick 	joy
	Nobody up worth talking too so back to sleep I try to go! 	joy
	Believe me you want your to fail and your  to succeed!  Close every  door your fear has opened  	fear
	I've gotta run in that memorial marathon in the city 	joy
	Guy next to me had 3 Jack and diet cokes on 50 minute flight to NJ at 9:00 AM  of flying  than 128	fear
	 ITS MY DICK IN A BOX GIRL! 	surprise
	Feels like I'm never going to get out of this lame ass town!! 	joy
	[OOC:] Afraid I might have to get  in a bit My RP account seems to be acting up 	sadness
	 was amazing too bad the finale is next week 	sadness
	yeeeees  just around the neck line though which is v attractive thinking it's some sort of detergent allergy 	joy
	When will Rebecca Black learn that she cannot sing and should therefore desist from releasing records? 	anger
	Henry Ford: That thinking first of  brings on of failure and this fear blocks every avenue of business  RT donsweigart	fear
	When will rachel ever follow me :( I ADORE YOU !!! Little miss sunshine :)	sadness
	so the show in boston was so epic i decided im coming to another show but im not gonna tell you which one ) 	surprise
	 when texts you dirty things (not unusual) and then says nevermind 	anger
	She Deleted So Don't Get If I Don't Talk To U Nomore!	surprise
	volleyball banquet tonight 	joy
	Hiding people's stuff when they least expect it 	joy
	i want to go out tonight but everyone's about their family time  guess it's time to study T1 	sadness
	Heartbroken about not having march madness 	sadness
	Counting down the days until you graduate and I never have to see your strange crazy self ever again if I don't want to 	anger
	Adding Prince Royce to my mothers Pandora account because I know how much she loves her Spanish music lmfao 	surprise
	one of goodies came in the mail yesterday! I wonder if he can guess what it is? :)	surprise
	I feel bad for the recruits staying over night they picked the worst week to do an overnighter studying all day/night 	joy
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Had a coffee about 2 hours ago and I'm coming up like a bastard with the and jitters now! Need 2 naggins to calm me down !!!	fear
	Why don't we have more inspring people like John Keating? 	sadness
	it's more fun jus to take it and watch you go to the fridge thinking you have beer left 	surprise
	Psychiatry update: crazy people are crazy  	surprise
	Niggas be tryn to play females like they a piece of meatthats why i  no man and damn sure no  shawty	fear
	:((( Miss kaka- announce lng po ni ms Tzarina n wla n nga daw pong class Ble See you nextnxt week n lng po)	sadness
	That is what the NWO is all about false fear divide and conquer! - Frank Parker    	fear
	today is the day i lug home all the pairs of shoes ive left to accumulate at work 	joy
	Naaaah I'm not asleep at all on my day off You lot carry on shouting through the house to each other 	anger
	Leaving tomorrow A day earlier than expected Oh well! 	surprise
	I wanna sleep till thanksgiving But school is preventing me from doing that 	joy
	man James please kill yourself before i do as you can see they're afraid to give kobe CP3 	fear
	reading the  volume big commentslooks like a civil war is about to break out  	sadness
	Brother's friend came back from Adelaide and got something to gimme I can sense something :DD 	surprise
	You sound like my wife! We're here now the phone rang non-stop nearly all the way 	joy
	i'm seeing da in an  way its nt like i don't wanna see da things like it was but i got no drama you make me so fucking happy	anger
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	I feel like I'm getting fat again Oh good 	anger
	Guess I forgot to check the weather for todayI had no idea it was supposed to snow 	surprise
	still remains my biggest obstacle to overcome Woman down for a while 	fear
	Walking in the dark stepping on something paper + instantly realizing I just stepped on my Gaga poster  	sadness
	The moment when you realize that your paper is supposed to be double spaced not single spaced 	joy
	oh yes of course! I hope your mom doesn't have a twitter sssssshhhh PS-tell Paul I say hiiii	surprise
	It's really frustrating when your professors don't email back or show up for their office hours 	anger
	i wonder what happen to  lol just fell off the side of the map huh? 	sadness
	Minggu depan bawa slide slide agama pas sma deh buat kuliah yang ditanya udah pada lupa semua 	surprise
	cities deserve to overcharge  by $1000s for park cleanup  bail for peaceful protests the OT bill to protect  serve is steep!	fear
	No more history of rock and roll 	sadness
	Naturally I'm up this late when I have to drive 9 hours tomorrow 	surprise
	Got to walk about 2miles just to get my college uniform to Kyle's then 2miles all the way back again 	joy
	Flash mob in English She didn't see it coming BAM! 	surprise
	And now I must begin Christmas shopping 	joy
	Practice isn't going as bad today as I thought it would 	surprise
	Sinterklaassurprise van de dag: Vitesse legt Jonathan Reis vast  	surprise
	Can't believe there will be no more Buehrle on the south side He'll just be at South Beach instead 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Boodat! I need a protege MusicHead2011: BassMonsterTIFF when you leave there's no one to follow in your footsteps 	sadness
	So he brought me a plane ticket cannot use it since I have no id So ill drive to ny 	surprise
	The mix of 1D and jls was justwords can't explain next level of 	disgust
	N E V E R LET A BITCH NOR BITCH NIGGA PUT A N Y IN YO 3 -___-	fear
	Some vague feeling gripes me everytime i think about the internet prescreening what the hell is happening?	fear
	Candle  my pink Christmas tree 	joy
	These things I have spoken to you that my may be IN you and that your joy may be  ~JESUS~~~~~John 15:11	joy
	is everything we look for in reality You need to be afraid of something to take a  and stand up to it	fear
	Jay Quitler leaves heads to the locker room crying 	surprise
	needs laid real bad like reeaaal bad n its like 35 tweets now he's my buddy and he is 	sadness
	Wen tears of joy flood my eyes exse	joy
	nooott even dey jus can't get enough so they cheat when one pussy is not available dey go hunt  ah suh mi see it! 	sadness
	The identities that can be taken are the ones we foolishly put our hope in The ONLY one that can't is that we're children of God 	joy
	I wish my hair was long enough to fish tail braid 	sadness
	wow i love having a house at the end of a road with high foot traffic just had to remove a caesar salad off my front pathway 	disgust
	Everyday I see someone getting their acceptance letter and I die a little inside because I havent gotten mine yet ):	sadness
	Dey say u so lil til dey hit da bed 	surprise
	so it turns out you can see through my pants that I wore for the entire day _ 	joy
	Ok now im scared   Im the only one up in my house   I guess im going to sleep  	fear
	Going back to school tomorrow 	joy
	en route to the HQ of Intercontinental Hotels in Denham Buckinghamshire which is also the home of Cilla Black 	surprise
	zou het raar zijn als ik een winkel binnenloop en dan een lege puntzak pak en weer naar buiten loop ? 	surprise
	Wow it's 11 already?? Getting to bed early so I can wake up and study all day tomorrow 	joy
	is the weapon of choice used by bullies  cowards who feel powerless-2 control  manipulate others 4 their own means	fear
	people are crazy to let vidic-ferdinand go out from our place  	sadness
	I wish I lived on the West Coast so it would be 3 hours earlier and it would be 7:35 pm instead of 10:35 pm 	sadness
	I've had it happen so much I'm tired of it I just feel like saying I am looking for love not sex fuck faces!! 	anger
	I would just like to say I am not going home for thanksgiving and I will be working on black Friday :\ 	joy
	“Morr_ell6: Can't wait to watch Factor again ”ftw	fear
	Baby loves watching the same movie over and over again! Sweet! 	joy
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	When I go Tf off on some people they'd never know I had that much in me! don't fuxxin test me!	anger
	 Zo!! Die Thomas heeft wel een hele andere stem dan je zou denken nadat je zijn foto gezien hebt 	surprise
	 now I'm relaxing  going to sleep early bc I have school tomorrow 	joy
	Vegas tomorrow waking up at 4 am to go to the airport yeaa :( 	joy
	Speeding home Bath CRD The sofa with TT 	joy
	The day of the exams and no trains from springy I love you metro 	joy
	is pain arising from the anticipation of evil ~ Aristotle via 	fear
	Net thuisnu naar bed al op vanaf een uur of 5 Het was super gezellig! 	surprise
	All day at school today 	joy
	Got a day of skyrim in before my pc went tits up 	anger
	I haven't been able to eat a slushie since you've left 	sadness
	Just heard Pat Hill is out as FresnoSt HC 	surprise
	OH MY GOOD GOD WISDOM TEETH YOU DIE NOW& 	anger
	I brought an extra granola bar to swim practice but wasn't there 	sadness
	hahah lets be real ! have a final monday my weekend will be spent in the library 	joy
	I'm stocked for 3 sewing projects I've decided to put the machine in the guest room so I can sew behind closed doors 	surprise
	Staying up too late to watch the Half Blood Prince Dumbledore is dead  	sadness
	Good mood for once out of all these days this week  	surprise
	I really want to go black Friday shopping but I have no one to go with  	sadness
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Just received news that I'm taking on the 400 Rep Challenge tomorrow Sounds like bedtime for me 	fear
	Only positive of this game was the factor commercial	fear
	oh my mom is helping me color mine tomorrow 	sadness
	people protesting corruption in other countries are to be applauded you should protesters in the US they obviously hate freedom	fear
	Está quase tudo pronto para a  agora só falta eu comprar aquele chapéu de bruxa para a festa de halloween que irá ter lá 	joy
	Family work out class 	joy
	can stern be ousted? This is ridiculous Lockout didn't turn me off as fan but this is beyond Much worse IMO  	anger
	Imma get Qute today make em wish he wasnt even acting that way!! 	surprise
	Can we define ride? My imagination is running amok Oh! And soon  can cut and style my hair too 	joy
	Ok wie weet er een website waar ik een redelijke bouwplaat kan krijgen van een starwars schip kan krijgen? 	surprise
	Close this chapter  have a brand new beginning~ Afraid of being hurt so i'm paralysed into non-action	fear
	Dont worrytomorrow you get to wrap shit presents that no one wants  listen 2 the beardy twat wanging on about holly  ivy	joy
	The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true  -Martha Beck	fear
	There is no in  but perfect love casteth out fear  [Bible 1 John 4:18]	fear
	Rien est sûr mais apparemment un énorme cadeau m'attend pour Noël et donc pour l'anniversaire! 	surprise
	Lekker naar huis Dadelijk nog even verder knutselen en dan is de klaar! (en het  is al klaar)	surprise
	oh I know! It's like it was yesterday?! Lol Well I've gotta pack- I will see you shortly :) :DDDD	surprise
	I really want to visit Eric Foremans' basement but the cast memeber took everything Lol 	sadness
	Driving my drunk parents home 	joy
	Awake About to head to work 	joy
	had a truly wonderful evening catching up with my nephew la spiga in cap hill so wish he lived closer 	sadness
	Do you know what I'm looking forward to about break? Everything Baking knitting shopping sleeping sketching  family  friends 	joy
	Sure you have to wake up at 4am but its okay to drive across town and put gas in the car even though you were in ben 	anger
	considerin the fact i aint gave nobody head in forever thats funny they kno more bou me than i do hahahha they me	surprise
	I hate wen dudes act like dey dick big knowin its lil 	surprise
	you are HILARIOUS! Love LAUGHING in the House of God! 	joy
	False Evidence Appearing Real	fear
	So cold Might die Shivering Feel sickk 	joy
	io oggi dovevo semplicemente fare l'alberoperchè mi ritrovo a dover rimettere in ordine camera mia? 	sadness
	performance with a comedian dell Arte during the startup competition o)	surprise
	Haha turtle head in my pants! 	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Ready To Punch A Hole In The Wall 	anger
	I won't be able to see you guys on tour ): might go see the digitour but it seems less fun without you guys	sadness
	 I can imagine ur shocked face when u first find me at ur house ) !	surprise
	Esta noche todo el mundo en la menos yo Yuujuuse le llama  Jajajajajaja	joy
	I love finding winter clothes that I forgot I had! 	surprise
	Waking up in a  mood and taking you out on everyone you talk to	anger
	Wow listening to guys give advice to their friends  	disgust
	thanx for ur support! Don't be bummed the will still be completely mental  )	sadness
	Last class of the semester! Leaving early to go back to NY and surprise my  mom for her birthday! 	surprise
	is in the  of those who promote  (Book Proverbs 12:20) Are you a counsellor of ?	joy
	Just ripped my sweats on a barbed wire fence while out on a run with my dog 	anger
	I hope the rest of this little vacation is better than the past two days	joy
	Ah fuck just found out I have work tonight Oh yay T_T	joy
	ugh so sad now hopes can be built up  crushed in all of two hours 	sadness
	Break! What's your favorite happy song? Sing it! Let it fill you with Joy! 	joy
	Bringing my computer to the computer doctor :( Hopefully I can take it home tonight!  	sadness
	Thrice and Thursday broke up ? Man It's only 630 and my emotional stability is at an all time low 	sadness
	This is the 1st sunday since July that I don't hav 2 worry abt leavin Clarendon 5 am for work 	joy
	Ok so and  in  kind of a morning And it was awesome! Yesterday as well Hopefully this  lasts into tomorrow!	fear
	Is the AIDS quilt project still touring? Helped out years ago in WPB  	sadness
	In the mood to play and ? Anyone recommend it?	fear
	ten seconds ago I made my CD containing my soft copy of   I freaked out the min it was out of the laptop 	fear
	I wish I had the motivation to do my homework but I just don't   	sadness
	So finally on the mend as the fever has brokenbut off to the docs so can have his first jabs 	joy
	Too much on my mind and a pile of homework 	joy
	I want to watch more Dexter! :( Showtime only has Episode 1 (season 6) up 	sadness
	You brew a potion you get 1 point Seems legit 	sadness
	Okay just checked the mirror No vampire bit me I just slept awkward 	sadness
	my dad actually wants to keep us warm this winter?!?!?! 	surprise
	female fight club than beat the  out of her	surprise
	stupid Iphone4 is broke again  hopefully this will work only 5 more hours!! 	joy
	Noh Bas don't be sad! Bedankt voor de tip in ruil hiervoor krijg je een wait for it Radiohead-LP!  	surprise
	the best time to cry is in the rain so nobody can see your crying 	sadness
	On sad thing about  waking up the smell of great food nd knowing it can't be touched till later 	sadness
	Zoo weer thuis dalijk nog ff cadeautje inpakken en gedicht uitprinten 	surprise
	I got to rock out the drums after I wiped the eye boogers from my sleepy eyes Plus we learned a new cover! SciFiCaper	surprise
	My life is based on a true story 	sadness
	No twitter for 2 weeks I shall die Bye bye twitter see ya in 14 days  	sadness
	we do cherub Apparently its like 4 hours long too! 	joy
	People talk about me like if they even know my story 	sadness
	Erghh maths exam tomorrow 	joy
	Fucking annoyed can't find my debit  and they credited my credit card bill for tomorrow so 35 dollar fee -___- 	joy
	I have no net issues got dison due to update went to download won't download now I cant even connect to xbox live 	anger
	Mom making excuses so i cant get a new phone?  	surprise
	Une surprise promise par l'orga à 14h Apparemment il y aura pour tout le monde et il faut pas se bousculer  	surprise
	Pff zal dit nog ooit een sterk pumt van me worden?  	surprise
	Some fake Thug told me its lonely at the Topguess he meant living in his momma attic! 	sadness
	May your mornings bring and your evenings bring  May your troubles grow less as your  increase	joy
	They will each be sorely missed on television I will continue to read their other work 	sadness
	Took the detour to Abilene and am now at a complete standstill in a town inhabited by the Texas chainsaw family and their livestock 	joy
	I dig that my car's brand is bringing me the show Next Iron Chef of course the buick of now looks nothing like the buick of old 	sadness
	Missing someone special today! 	sadness
	Someone went thru our mail and tore open my mom's bday card to me! Looking for $? Our neighbor on another street brought it over 	sadness
	Looks like I'm watching an Indian movie tonight 	joy
	and taking my freedom any time they so choosewhich is essentially what was approved in senate just days ago	disgust
	Learning count on me in guitar! 	surprise
	The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom: a good understanding have all they that do his commandments& 111:10 	fear
	ohh yeh unlucky i once got kaka in a pack but i accidently quick-sold him! 	anger
	OMFG Californication girly band covered Skid Row 	surprise
	Well that's good to hear! Sucks to have one less BBM contact in my list though 	sadness
	I never had a heart to heart with today 	sadness
	That first cup of coffee on a Sunday morning 	joy
	Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	never want to see any theory of finance ever again  exam unfortunately you will make me your bitch in a couple weeks 	sadness
	Not again!! RT cljungling: Oh dear! The downtown  Quizno's has an Out of Business sign on its door 	sadness
	Word! RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Has always had a fear of ppl saying my work is not good 	fear
	 : I am officially addicted to caffeine Specifically 2 daily shots of espresso Wasted 3 coffee-less hrs not doing work	sadness
	I can only imagine the profanity and shit being thrown by you last night during the game!  	anger
	Done writing my physic's essay ! :)	joy
	hardest thing is caring about someone who doesn't care about you 	sadness
	The last month in 2011!! Impress us with the finale   :p	surprise
	Washing machine makes strange noise OO 	fear
	I walked in on an 86 yr old man using the bathroom first thing this AM 	joy
	Guess I better start another long weekend of work 	joy
	Haven't packed a thing for today's trip and I'm leaving at 11AM 	joy
	Oh Gone With The Wind don't think I forgot about you So happy you are on the tv right now 	joy
	Sometimes I go to Hooters and see the same ol dusty perverts that were there when I worked Just preying on naive young girls Smh 	disgust
	Most eventful thanksgiving yet Dropped the turkey and saw a deer get shot Ohboy 	sadness
	ahaha gotta love that glitter And yeah I think so!   	sadness
	I KNOW RIGHT?! my mom is all like HEALTHY FOOD HEALTHY FOOD ASLKFNEKRJN 	sadness
	amidst all this hardwork there is a little luck to play big  	fear
	well if your brother and I still talked I would have an excuse to come visit you! 	sadness
	Larry fucks with me everytime RT ToeNailUrFace: In about 48 hours some of us lucky ones will be frisked by security 	fear
	Scared of the dark tonight!! Thank god for the red light on my blackberry!! 	fear
	I don't wanna leave UMass even if it's only for 5 days :( 	sadness
	BUT WHY THEY TELLING ME ALL THE NAMES OF THESE NIGGAS THAT POSE TO BE GAY IN THE TOWNSHIP  ! YUEE WILL BE 	surprise
	This covo in the car is so funny about dudes fucking dudes in the hood 	disgust
	just by the way i ended up getting a 99% on that math test you thought you beat me on 	surprise
	Watching Breakfast at Tiffany's makes me miss NYC 	sadness
	Dogs are coming home from the war with post traumatic stress disorder :( 	sadness
	the midseason finale of 90210 had the most beautiful wonderful love of my life get in a motorcycle accident! 	sadness
	lool oh you'll see me saadon't be ok? Plusyou've still not told me where and wwhen I saw you!!la	fear
	I have discovered the very pinnacle of human civilisation: the Ocado iPad App 	joy
	7 billionth kid is an Asian meditating 	surprise
	Crime has nvr been lower Why do   keep screaming for more police  bigger jails? 	fear
	Zoo gedichtje uitgeprint Nu surprise puntjes op de i  en klaar voor morgen :) 	surprise
	I see  superdooper new track cleaner thingy doesn't work then 	surprise
	Lol apparently I have been waking matthew up n yelling at him in my sleep all week  	anger
	It's not a proper relationship without friendship But how do you get it back? 	sadness
	have you gift! Hope you like it! It's hand made and you can wear it ! It'll keep you warm! Lol 	surprise
	Funniest birthday cake a bun with one candle and sprinkled with cheese 	surprise
	Not a chest infection so no antibiotics for me tiz a viral infection of the voice box	joy
	Momma Sarah and these meals!!! gurlI don't wanna leave but if I stay I'll be 350 lbs by Christmas -) 	joy
	Wondering how many Westboro nutjobs will make it to SU game? 	sadness
	I would live to but I work again tonight 	sadness
	I hope the Cards letting Pujols go works out as well as the Pack letting Favre go Thanks for the championships Albert 	sadness
	Ty! RT m1yamazaki: Happy Birthday!! RT imCELINA: Haha! So my 2 little cousin didn't know we are celebrating their birthday today!	surprise
	wiiiiiide awake after being tired all day! 	anger
	♡ is  - Joy is  - Joy is  - Joy is a net of love by which  can catch  ♡ ~Mother Teresa 	joy
	I love how just when I thought today was going to be a terrible day I was so wrong!) Unexpected and unplanned days are the best 	surprise
	Eva Mendes? REALLY? I've lost hope in humanity Ryan Gosling you broke my heart 	disgust
	School busses make me want to kill myself 	joy
	Amelia does shout a bit - singing with Kelly makes it more obvious Great stage presence though great together  	surprise
	  lol  Oh Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family!	sadness
	Pasta is a vegetable right??!! Well at least according to the can of my veggie soup it is! 	surprise
	This song played when mark walberg banged Reese whitherspoon on the roller coaster 	fear
	There is a medium sized child creeping down the stairs right now who thinks I cant hear them! 	surprise
	Courage is mastery of fear not absence of 	fear
	Lol newness of this life smh RT DonSanTwon: LB! im chillen chillenhow the neo life treatin u bruh?	disgust
	SUPER great ending to the day! :) 	surprise
	Logan to Newark Haven't flown in forever  	surprise
	Goodnight tweetheads English final at 8am 	joy
	I texted a lot of ppl and didnt get no type of response 	sadness
	pissed off was looking 4ward to buying kate Bushs new album even had it pre-ordered had to cancel cos the other 1/2 needs the £ 	sadness
	Something about a number 2 pencil and perfectly filled bubble on a Scantron sheet 	joy
	Cant sleep I forgot my sleeping pill-__- I HAVE to wake up at 6 tomorrow Thos is gonna be fun	joy
	close a window open a door success is getting what you want and wanting what you get 	surprise
	Check out a great article highlighting the team serving at Harper Woods Middle School  	joy
	Christmas spirit where art thou? I can't feel you here in Dubai 	sadness
	I've never met him but I get to today at leat in on cash cause my hand is fucked up	joy
	was expecting something greasy with cheese and taco sauce toppings 	surprise
	Nice to see and although my toes nearly fell off Now as I'm an old man I'm going to snooze on the sofa 	joy
	In a much better mood today!! Living my life as I shouldLaughing at the little things! 	joy
	Exactly Its a bit ridiculous  very much out of control I find it extremely irresponsible  dangerous   	fear
	Homophobia 'phobia' being the prime word - fear turns to hate you shouldn't have to be afraid of me because I'm not afraid of you	fear
	= Forget Everything and Rap Goodluck to all those who entered the weezy comp as for me I'm chilled with that	fear
	8 and a half hours of work today without a second of sleep 	joy
	Wonderful time eating Christmassy food and listening to Christmas music and watching Muppet Christmas Carol with my friends tonight! 	joy
	Justin's letters just make me upset 	sadness
	 Attempting 2 bake Thanksgiving pies not pumpkin or pecan as mom wants to do those cuz dad won't let me buy from a store :(	fear
	Hate d'etre déjà a  la semaine prochaine ! et  ds ! N'est-ce pas ? ils vont kiffer tu pense ?	surprise
	You may have blacked out last night but I guarantee you remember what happened this morning/afternoon 	surprise
	I just want to keep sleeping but I guess a Christmas service and an Ethiopian dinner are well worth it   	joy
	Music is part of my life  i grew listing to all kinds of music  it has this amazing sound that gives  Love  even Sex :$ its Bea	joy
	I want to go see breaking dawn but EVERYONE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD has already seen it 	sadness
	Been in my living room for almost 2 days straight lol	sadness
	J'ai connu une zombie une fois qui m'a sortie la même chose 	fear
	amyysaurus_rex: lol I love our extended wal-Mart trips! 3 :'( /3 I've been replaced 	sadness
	I SWEAR IF HE IS OUT BECAUSE OF SMIDS HIT ON HIM I WILL GO MURDER SMID 	anger
	I'm scared the day I grow old the day my parents won't be in this world 	fear
	Overnight with AmaruSadiq Had fun wandering aimlessly all around KL ☺	joy
	birds sing after a storm why shouldn't people feel as free to delight in whatever remains to them? 	joy
	 why do I always run into the same gross student? 	disgust
	I really really don't knowwwwwwww but I cannot WAIT until we exchange gifts after breakk!! 	sadness
	78yo veteran father I said thoughts on him “Just tell her I said she's a fucking liar she is not to be  trusted” 	surprise
	Biz Rules Wire Frames all done Now eight hours of cross checking EVERYTHING 	joy
	broke bitches so  me gave that bitch a ride got the continental dusty trust me i keep a couple 100s in the duffffy	disgust
	Time to sit back and not do crap until school tomorrow 	joy
	I don't recommend looking for it but just saw a story about a Bradford Councillor battering 4 kittens to death Guys a total Cunt 	sadness
	I hear your in the big smoke if you find my I phone would appreciate it kid   	fear
	Another crack on this gay phone 	anger
	12 SENTENCE TRANSLATIONS BY THURSDAY SRSLY ROMEO?! 	anger
	Ell gotta set rules for my bed I guess 	anger
	ill send you my cd lol  Or give it to you after youvstop being a bitch and come see me 	sadness
	pink sparkle fall pasta read paint 	surprise
	The mafia of the mind One Big Bad Bully  	fear
	Ugh need to drop oomf she's simply a waste of space 	disgust
	Yes! People on my twitter who'll get my cartoon squees! 	joy
	 IF you DO piss of young hot mark wahlberg your dogs head will get cut off and put thru the doggy door 	fear
	: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Amazing presentation on  students of  on campus   	fear
	You know what? I surrender I don't want to be considered *that* person It's not my forte 	sadness
	Just remember you have to walk through a parking lot sometime and I have a car 	anger
	is  power A beaten dog may  you but the second you turn your back he is going to strike  is power	fear
	   ✨   all no reason to take a life   or die trying 	anger
	New level procrastination:  Avoiding writing my thesis by doing work for another class  	sadness
	Starting physical therapy tomorrow  	joy
	I shall try and keep warm by Going to the mall with my best friend for the very last time before she moves 	sadness
	 when i walk n a room n ppl stop talkin dat mean dey talkin bout me n dey wat im gne do if i hear it hahahahah	fear
	No antiwrinkle commercial my skin does not slow down after 20 because I am immortal 	surprise
	 of something u need 2 do? releases chemicals in ur body 2 propel u ahead Use that boost 2 push thru the  U can!	fear
	nothing RT A_Michelle8: okay den don't be scared lol	fear
	Tryinh to eat lettuce but I& my tongue :( 	sadness
	It kills me when people have all these emotions that they just can't express in a mature manner 	sadness
	Just woke up from a coma Now time to take an exam 	joy
	even more sad! I remember waking up extra early during high school just to listen to his show 	sadness
	Haha ye found it was in Krystle When I first read that I thought I was drunkenly looking for something else  	fear
	my heart just broke a little because i found out marcus collins is gay 	sadness
	Deer won't come to me:( I'm aloneee I feel like Edward Cullen's gonna come eat me any time now 	fear
	Lions? Nope Tigers? Nope Bears? Nope You? Yup 	fear
	Love how our car freaking breaks down 2 miles from our house in the rain 	joy
	Peanut butter and coffee 	joy
	It is a  Dani_Coupet: Wow this is RT Fellas money can make a lot of these women do anything	disgust
	Salamwah po! :)Di po ako makakpunta maya :( Baka sa RDR nalang po Hoho Gusto ko pa naman  	sadness
	kiss sur joue mais elle l'embrasse sur la bouche Entre son amour pr Kelly  Betty il est en train de tourner hetero LOL	surprise
	“travelligence: hmmm Cannot be defined Intensity can only be felt It can also be released Like a pressure cooker”	anger
	You treat your dick like it's the community lollipop 	disgust
	Just saw the Jersey Shore season 5 preview Has Deena always looked this much like a troll? 	disgust
	Gonna miss release show because I got asked to work 	sadness
	Dost ho tho tere jaisa RT Damage_Piece:  peek jaana teredad k passRT nikitajadhav: Any Great Ideas on what surprize	surprise
	today is just a sad dayrip to 3 amazing people jeeze 	sadness
	yupppp totally all  hey but that was the spark to allllllll this babe :) ily	surprise
	The guys are in the living room watching football and the girls are cooking 	sadness
	i also try to select my seat as a window seat where somebody has already selected the aisle 	joy
	GOSH! I miss football so much! 	sadness
	just watched the Muppet Movie and have the biggest grin on my face 	joy
	i just wanna listen to music but my stupid ass ipod is broke -__- :'( 	sadness
	I am now going to attempt to get my hair cut 	fear
	Back on the metro Another train that just isn't MOVING! 	joy
	omw too school  got a field trip  	joy
	Spent half of my money at the mall today 	sadness
	That moment when u done clean your house and look around its just not clean enough grrrrrr 	anger
	Wow!The Outlet Thanksgiving Dinner was MAH-JOR! LOVE seeing others honor respectcare so much!Food friends fungames were excellent! 	joy
	Het kost een paar smsjes vér buiten je bundel maar dan heb je wel een vrije woensdagavond  	joy
	haha I am such a cat person I love kitties but I can't take any in right now 	sadness
	I wish!! You said you were busy all week and we couldn't do trivia and now I'm stuck re-tiling Isabelle's shower 	sadness
	“kevinHulsmans: Next year at farnese vini”  good luck next year!!	surprise
	Research paper down One peer review and a Shakespeare play to go 	sadness
	exact en plus ! (genre quoi t'es une espionne? ) 	fear
	Don’t ever touch an angry person without their permission       	anger
	It is true Washington lifted the ban on horse slaughter for human consumption  My heart just sank   	disgust
	 you put clothes in the washing machine   forget the main thing you wanted to wash  	sadness
	it'll blow you away I guarantee it! You won't even be expecting it 	surprise
	Obsessed with everything at the moment In fact I'm always in love It doesn't fade  	joy
	Happy birthday You're the bestestest  seesta anybody could ever ask for I loooove you You got your gift your hubby 	surprise
	 no tweets latelyvery unusualsome would call you a tweet-a-holic  	sadness
	Nothing beats getting a Christmas card from friends  seeing that a pic u took of them is their Xmas card! + 2nd 1 inside! 	joy
	Hoe kan je gemakkelijk een gitaar namaken van karton? 	surprise
	Oh noes I posted the aqua twice on my instagram! Am I a bad person now? :( Then again classics need more display!	sadness
	of teen sex them people are brave to put their business out there  just saying	joy
	Happy that my dad WILL be home on my bday 3 (	surprise
	welp my fucking day started out great! -______- hopefully work will cheer me up  	sadness
	I gag in mouth mouth a little when I see you 	disgust
	Rollin on offense this drive then a bad f'n call! 	disgust
	hahaha wow I feel so privileged to be such an  in your dream 	surprise
	I feed on other peoples energy one persons not having fun neither am I 	sadness
	A nice hot bath brings me  It is the simples things that are the best!	joy
	The shell must break before the bird can fly ~Alfred Tennyson  for   and -  A  today!	joy
	me too watching the arsenal game!& ten action here! 	sadness
	-) RT QweenRay: who knows what tomorrow night will bring!! 	surprise
	Me and don't go on fates anymore:'( that's gonna change thoughxD	sadness
	Papa JOHNS  Pizza HUT  Dominos  	disgust
	I've thought that too But even the guy at T-Mobile said the processor is a piece 	sadness
	Asher's been begging for a Christmas tree since Halloween Husband says he's not buying one WTF? 	anger
	There is dirty underwear on the floor of the Men's room in Dillons	fear
	on top of finals week i don't feel good 	joy
	 RT paytonthurman: I'm liking these  moves todaywhys my fav laker hater so quiet on here today? ? khick33	fear
	also i forget what happened at open campus this week 	joy
	Mon lead et mon DT installent SC2 sur leurs postes en ce moment même 	fear
	If u ladies were close I'd gladly share Unfortunately I'll be eating over 50% of that cake solo dolo 	sadness
	No matter how hard I try kid cudi won't retweet me 	sadness
	La lampada sopra la mia testa ha scricchiolato 	fear
	of course I was going to answer haven't seen you in like 6 days but no worries iPub first class Monday 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	That awkward moment when you feel like you've killed a good conversation :/	sadness
	school was pretty damn good today 	surprise
	when everything is going wrong  important decisions cannot be made of ! 	fear
	youre I'm Cardiff tonight and I'm sat depressed because I couldn't get a ticket have a good gig:-(	joy
	Oh my god   did an awesome play on love that scene	fear
	Everyone's going to India for Christmas break well my ass is staying right here in the US  haha	joy
	Adventures class is getting outt of hand they got us zip lining from 40feet in the air of heights  this class is done	fear
	Did this bitch walk past me with a mccafe cup!? 	anger
	Haha for real! Seriously though he jumped in my lap with wet paws 	disgust
	Aussi bizarre que cela puisse paraitre les stats facebook indiquent que nous avons 85% de femmes sur la page du  	surprise
	bubbs really wish I could bud my last weekend in Merthyr site so gotta b there like fkkk 	anger
	Nothing like biting into a piece of fat mid-meal to make u lose ur appetite   	sadness
	My new normally as God continues to Elevate me from apartment to split level w/my king and Multi-B expect ur Haters but of the lord	joy
	A lot of people's biggest is  and a lot of others is  My biggest fear Death by Clowns! There's nothing scarier!	fear
	Ive come to the conclusion I'm a failure at life 	sadness
	What the hell  Why is mealhall playing Small Town?!  I hate that song  So much  	anger
	I won't insult your intelligence by suggesting that you really believe what you just said& 	anger
	Happy Birthday!! RT imCELINA: Haha! So my 2 little cousin didn't know we are celebrating their birthday today! 	surprise
	Oh Jesus back in time for this one girl whose pretentious as heck during presentations 	joy
	Heb best wel een vet cadeau voor m'n neefje eigenlijk haha 	surprise
	omw too school  got a field trip  	joy
	Bacon sandwich on a sunday morning 	joy
	Don't shit me nor  me nomore I could  bout yU  yo  Ion give a fuck!!	surprise
	iedereen ligt al in bed ofzo en ik zit hier gewoon wat te verven enzo afmake	surprise
	Can't wait to watch basketball game 	joy
	HAPPY BIRTHDAY I LOVE YOU!!! Joanna_LB	surprise
	I swear if my brother plays joker and the thief again  	anger
	We have to stop like every half hour cause my bladder is the size of a peanut 	joy
	Missing you isn't the problem it's wondering if you'll ever come back that's killing me 	sadness
	The worst stomach pains 	joy
	Movies tonite wit ma queen bgot big day tomorrow! hahaha	surprise
	Omg Its Funny How Life Works Out!!! :'( 	sadness
	maybe not if they hadn't make Rob sparkle like that in the film and kristen as bella 	disgust
	There's a show on Nat Geo called Alaskan State Troopers It'll be a 3 episode season of snow and Moose sightings 	joy
	oooo ok you should put because I was clueless because I have 3 ppl who have access to my account	joy
	Pinaise hier soir j'ai comme un dingue x)  Mon PC m'a fait un joli BSOD à l'arrêt après ma dissert 	fear
	Three hours script edits and a giant Art Department email later and I STILL haven't touched my essay today Or worked out 	sadness
	one little exam at 7 roomies are gone not leaving til tomorrow morning 	sadness
	when i tweet i often think this is so retweet worthy i hope it gets retweeted! but that hardly ever happens 	sadness
	goodmornin waking up before the weekend and thinking damn i got an 8:30 class 	surprise
	I Hope Everything Goes Well Though I Feel Quite extra Being There? :O Hmm !	surprise
	its niggas too!!! This one nigga said period blood only make the pussy wetter o_O 	disgust
	you just made me tear up in class 	sadness
	Found my notes when I was experimenting with lucid dreaming I can But it scares the hell out of me  	fear
	Gonna prepare I've not many time left before I've to go to Uni 	joy
	NOW you gotta explain 2 ur kids why you got a burn mark on ur ass !!! 	sadness
	Despite me liking her appearances on the GREAT INDIAN COMEDY SHOW always despite that PURBI JOSHI - DAMADAMM  	surprise
	attention  what time will everyone be getting in line for tomorrow?	fear
	Passed up black Friday shopping! 	surprise
	I intend to have a reading binge once I get everything cleared away 	joy
	Can parents teach kids how to cover their mouths when they cough? Ewah 	disgust
	I'm so tired and I have to work tonight still 	joy
	Getting Ready to Spend Time With Fam ---   and is What Life Is All About	joy
	I can't help but to think Tia's---(Melanie off the game) pregnancy is the only reason The Game's season won't begin in January 	sadness
	One of em constsntly callin me private and shit and the other one internet gangster 	sadness
	Wow  is high and he just ate some chicken off of N Hubbards lounge floor 	disgust
	Currently I'm freezing cold and my nose has started running I'm assuming I've got the hot sweats to come later 	joy
	love standing in bank for 45 mins waiting to be seen 	joy
	Its Lunch  I left my Lemon Juice! 	sadness
	finished early today in 7 minutes to be exact! 	joy
	Jax with the parents and sister tonight! Too bad I'm mad at my mom mom cause she finished my puzzle!!	anger
	Nieuwe tas en bakspullen gekregen voor sinterklaas maar ben toch t meest blij met just dance 3 	surprise
	Life is full of fake peoplBefore you judge them	disgust
	Aunty I didnt make twitter 2 follow uI see u at my house everydAy    Of course I didn't say that out loud   	fear
	Shame- watching Kourtney Kardashian getting an oil enema  Watching it all    	disgust
	That boy Albreezy is drunk as fuck right now ROTFLMBAO	sadness
	Union salad with too much dressing 	surprise
	releasing pics of Markel's training injuries are as detrimental to junior racers as discussing Jakob's weight 	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Also Leah brought home a single slice of apple pie and our Evil Other Roommate ate it while I slept  	sadness
	We have one working internet cable in our room My roommate says it's hers and on nights like tonight wifi is down and I'm screwed 	anger
	Wait The mall is open until 10pm tonight?! 	surprise
	LT from the skins game yesterday	anger
	Let every heart prepare Him room 	joy
	I really can't believe all of the grown men that think it's ok or them to touch children I will kill anyone that touches my girls 	disgust
	Y a  qui se définit comme Friend of the Israeli soldier and Mossad agent qui me follow sur twitter 	fear
	Twitter won't change my profile picture 	anger
	I go to do my laundry and of course my roommates laundry is in both the washer and dryer 	surprise
	Time to go Birthday dinner I guess	surprise
	je me passe de sexe depuis un mois je m'en passe TRES bien  	surprise
	Just can't wait to be with dasha_silva She always brings so much to my holiday season	joy
	We just delivered a Christmas package to a family in need You should have seen the kids' excitement! 	joy
	eh kayaknya bisa battle asyik asyik coba dulu yaa *jadi dong yuukk :))	surprise
	Coming home to Michigan for dads birthdayhe doesn't even kno I'm coming!  	surprise
	I always get sad when I take my last sip of coffee  	sadness
	The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one  & Elbert Hubbard  	fear
	Dat was een aangename verrassing met een delegatie van Zalk en MBG gespeeld voor de  	surprise
	Hi my name is Scott and I'll be your taxi driver tonight 	joy
	Can't wait for tomorrow! thank you sunshine  	surprise
	is a big dream killer just saying don't be a pussssssssy!  LoL	fear
	Meeting with groups of Sydney teenagers this afternoon who get a special  preview and are road-testing for 2012 )  	surprise
	I can never eat a whole bag of popcorn no matter how hard i try 	sadness
	Wow for 'super girl' KARA !! 	surprise
	Sinnita this is priceless watching  I thought Gillian Mckeith was bad	fear
	I stay having munchie dreams abt the snack closet at the old house then I wake Up :/ …w no munchies and 	sadness
	My love wont text me back 	sadness
	Lmao telling the waiter it's my coaches birthday when it's really not annie_frame	surprise
	That awkward moment when you behave as a child although you're a 1st-year-medical student  	disgust
	Resisting the urge to send movie In the Realm of Senses to my friend's hard drive and rename it Twilight Breaking Dawn Part 1 	surprise
	Idgaf how you cook it: deep fried oven baked smoked etc TURKEY IS THE DRIEST MEAT EVER!! gimme HAM any day!! 	disgust
	haha no! I had a weird dreamI remembered it earlier but I can't now 	sadness
	Sort of fitting that I would watch Defending Your Life today 	fear
	Just had a neighbor ring my door to tell me there's a bill taped to it Like it's any of her business 	anger
	Artiste Masculin International : Justin Bieber James Blunt Enrique Iglesias Mika Sean Paul Pitbull On va s'arrêter là 	disgust
	The of loving or atleast allowing yourself to fall for a person who you know prolly won't fall for you yet it feels so ryt!!!☹☺	fear
	Perfect mood to listen to The Acacia Strain 	anger
	Legends say that  float free of time carrying our hopes for      	joy
	Do not stand in AWE of your MOUNTAIN (situation) but STAND in AWE of  That is how you conquer! 	fear
	Wake forest getting destroyed in basketball 	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Morgen kopen   met hele familie voor oma's verjaardag(l) en nog ergens een keertje leren ofzo !	surprise
	Religious?!!! Hah!! That's fake bull-shit!! And condemning taboos never made any difference but made things worse!! 	disgust
	on Mary Mary is a real fucking moo moo man	sadness
	ppl the unknown its human naturecomfort is a state of mind	fear
	Its funny A guy comes to ur house feels u up tries to kiss u leaves with kissing ur hand and then he never talks to u again 	joy
	yeah I think luongo has a minor injury it will probably be Cory Schneider in net 	sadness
	Damn I need a car bad I hate to be smelling a persons body odor Its 	disgust
	£28 until the 23rd and £20 is going on driving tomorrow fuck me im fucked! Christmas shopping on Christmas eve it is again! 	joy
	Better get my butt to bed No sleeping in tomorrow 	sadness
	Huh?! RT awolfnamedpanda: all this romance talk and I've never even been on a date 	sadness
	sorrii azx bbii daddii'z ppl so not rite quit fukkn wit out a condom so hey man uhp	disgust
	got chosen to do a mini lyrical duet piece with lifts and such :) yay!  	surprise
	Thought today was saturday for some reason Nope Its exam day  	fear
	 now's about time we should all gather 'round the spinet for some jolly caroling!  	joy
	Yeshua is the cure for all diseases this is y the world try to discourage many from serving him They know his power and truth  	fear
	Ouu Ouch That hurts Dave really does I'm going to go cry in the corner now :( 	sadness
	Leg 2: GUA to MIA = success Next Leg: MIA to IAD Customs and security first 	joy
	I really hope she stalls this until Christmas It'd be a lot of help 	surprise
	But time now for a long bath with Inspector Morse I think  And a pint of tea  	joy
	Sick inflamed into my   Read these pages of my life n watch my story unfold	sadness
	Re evaluating my life right now I'm such a mess when drunk these days 	fear
	Missed the bus :'( cold bored  on my todd 	sadness
	Just met a nuclear engineer from Los alamos who grew up on the farm in Iowa 	surprise
	I'm at a loss of words now God makes me sooooo happyyy 	joy
	and a doubt slips in my mind! 	fear
	According to spend log my biggest income drainers are credit cards alcohol and taxis lol 	surprise
	Such a shame to go from great hope several months ago to 	disgust
	thank youuuu for coming to my competition!!!!   love yallll 3	surprise
	Tht moment when someone messages you who you normally don't talk to 	surprise
	That got me feeling some kind of waylike is that the shit all niggas do?! 	disgust
	My brothers making fun of my music :(	sadness
	To live a  life we must lose our of being wrong  ~Joseph Chilton Pearce	fear
	That 90% sobered up phase where you dunno whether to eat or sleep 	sadness
	missed the Victoria Fashion show for Soccer 	sadness
	WORD! FAITH = CONFIDENCE + ACTION! RT It’s confidence that won’t allow me to be motivated by …or 	fear
	Ordered a pair o Nike's from on friday still on being processed on monday	sadness
	 talk you up and down the wall about screwing and then freeze up when the moment comes 	anger
	U can discover a person's  easily by observing the means they use 2 frighten u   	fear
	oops I meant damn swipe lmao	joy
	Yaaay for black Friday :) not Sleeping then work till 8 pm 	joy
	Can't wait to leave this place Can't feel the funkiness anymore 	sadness
	And yeahit's fuckedstill worksscreen just broke like hell 	sadness
	I'm in a  kinda mood but with that comes because today'sChildren can't get the Disney experience we had	sadness
	pretty sure last time I asked you to hang you passed?   	sadness
	Monday's not even over and already my weekend is jam packed!! 	joy
	is possible in the midst of grieving or trials You can't be happy if you were not once sad	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Hey guys! 2morrow is prophetichippo's bday! show him some love 2morrow and 2day! 	joy
	that relationship makes my lip curl ! 	disgust
	I still can't belive that Chuck is going to end  A nerd a spy and a colonel that they've change my life  I miss you :(	sadness
	WTF victoria secret no yogas in stock anymore 	sadness
	Fighting with my mom about clothes 	surprise
	came home today and was sad to see that you really werent here! :/ 	sadness
	At the New Orleans Airport on my way back home to Tampa! I will be in my own bed tonight and get to see Caleb tomorrow after school :) 	joy
	Finally done  Now Chem lab exam  Thurs: ECON exam Fri: Math exam Mon: Chem exam Then finals the next week	joy
	ma solo io non ho il nuovo twitter?? :( 	sadness
	albertorientalstaelviruskompasuper_ymbernpierrejonathandenardmedam Nan ki abiye pi anfom Nan AP Gen yon 	surprise
	Kids be always asking me 'yo we got no beef right!? We cool?!' Lmao me for no reason 	fear
	Ahhh Jus Love My Girl Amy Makes Me Laugh Curled Mi Hair N EverythingDen Dance N Singing Video After 	joy
	the same here but dont worry our time is coming	sadness
	listening to paradise by such amazing memories to this tune last weekends anthem!!  	sadness
	Last day of catholic fun  JustJanellee	sadness
	God I hate hospitals! Scare the shit out of me Doesn't help that the old lady beside Rachael appears to be getting the last rights 	fear
	It's a Thanksgiving miracle! Big bro made a trip up for the holiday ! :)	surprise
	Kids Christmas event no 3 is happening today At least I can have a drink at this one! 	joy
	you end things with me because you say you're not ready for a relationship 3 weeks later you're dating someone?  	anger
	Some things can ruin your day real quick 	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Damn didn't realize how many air miles I could potentially use! too bad I have a full time j-o-b 	surprise
	We've shown the kids a mocked up email from Santa expressing concern  they might be moved off the Nice list unless they behave 	fear
	Don't be surprised if  gets sidetracked at mile 20 by chocolate cake 	surprise
	I get to see my brother tommrrow he needs to cook or take me to grandma cause I know she is lol	surprise
	Jesus demands are simple  His yoke is easy his burden light  The relationship brings 	joy
	Big announcement coming up regarding the iQ and Cineplex Stay tuned You'll never be able to guess what it is 	surprise
	i hope my mom forgets all about those pills and doesn't make me take them again tomorrow 	disgust
	sitting in my room with the flashing disco ceiling light 	joy
	my guess would be your privacy settings (read your overwhelming of stalkers)	fear
	I'm at a spring lake party an you are not here 	sadness
	expectedly unexpected   RT EricaKLewis: When u unexpectedly get drunk 	surprise
	At least I hope so My visa is still under assessment 	sadness
	that's so crazy! You are  I better be able to celebrate with you! Or I'll be upset 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	running on a solid 2 hours of sleep 	joy
	YEAH BUT I DON'T HAVE CREDIT 	anger
	Great win Jets Now time to write my 10 page paper 	joy
	is not a bad feeling or an embarrassment Its an amazing sensation One needs fear in life Embrace it	fear
	Day after your birthday/christmas= worst days ever  	sadness
	-does the same with the disco stick- RT Just_Stark: [can't resist and pokes Magnus with the angry stick] RT BadassBane: 	anger
	yesmy eyes got so watery when the mom came from talking to the doc I thought Blair just lost the baby or something 	sadness
	Had to pry a rock out from my foot after my epic run 	sadness
	Oh Yes I should check my email about that Oh hey look! A package is waiting there 	surprise
	It's after midnight so I'm allowed to inform you that Gunner Kiel is the 2011 Indiana Mr Football 	surprise
	He think he so in luv he in luv wit a slut 	sadness
	Man its tough to figure 	sadness
	Looks like the AGM presentation this year will be DIRE Uppercase titles with tacky images 	joy
	“primadonna_lala: I wanna pre-order Rapture but I dont have any $      ” Nice 	sadness
	the pup left me a peice of his chewed up blanket in my bag   How nice of him	surprise
	Your life is constantly whispering the right answers to you--  don't ignore what's in your   mind    	joy
	mama found my latest tattoo 	surprise
	Do not sink to a lower nature when you are in a state of  If you the unknown it's better to take a time out than to proceed 	fear
	Urgh some proper fat fuck of a bastard bloke just pushed me out of the way getting on the train I hope you arteries get you! 	anger
	When I see your face It makes me wanna puke And more when I remember what happened almost a year ago! 	disgust
	Waited for my replacement phone to be delivered IT DOESN'T EVEN WORK 	anger
	Taylor_Thomas12: love you too rest up cuz i have a for you tonight yay! I love surprises (:	surprise
	Yes imma wear red and white 	joy
	Thank the lord Today was pajama day I was about to be freezing! Where have you gone warm sun 	sadness
	Une éruption prévue bientôt en Islande On dirait que je n'ai pas droit aux vacances 	sadness
	cometh after   The true way to wealth is aiming to daily improve your health!	joy
	new goal be able to put or  after every tweet	joy
	Always keep one still secret spot where  may go Louise Priscoll     dreams  	joy
	Why is it that when my roommate is here the dorm room smells REALLY weird? D: 	disgust
	a Terrific Thanksgiving to you hon!     and! ) Have a great one	joy
	everyone is coming home this weekendand it's one of the busiest weekends for me	sadness
	I have to manage my since people can't manage their 	anger
	Feeling like singing all afternoon So I have: Have Yourself A Merry Little  At my desk On NYC streets on my way home 	joy
	Rejoice in all good things the Lord your God has given to you Deuteronomy 26:11  ❤d	joy
	I walk downstairs at Tri County and i look down and i see this spider as big as a quarter !! I freaked out and ran upstairs for sure ! 	fear
	I miss both of my best friends in the whole wide world 	sadness
	 but I absolutely hate female bathrooms that smell like tangy coochies! 	disgust
	Remember that time we listened to S Club 7 in EU? 	surprise
	I guess what happens outside the bus gets shared everywhere!! But you're avoiding the freebie question 	surprise
	When it comes to womenguys never trust other guys  even your own friend can make a move on your own girl 	anger
	Six chapter of Economics to study for tomorrow's final 	joy
	If we wait til we feel equipped to share what God has done in our lives we may never step out  bring others into the hope we have 	fear
	Chillin with the wife and our unborn baby girl   	joy
	Watching x factor now can't believe went home such a talented girl!! 	sadness
	My mom wont buy me boxers 	sadness
	So wants to hit up Walden Galleria for Black Friday  	sadness
	Someone needs to invent a dream recorder Cause I be so sad when I forget my dreams 	sadness
	i couldnt play in the game today due to a broken heart caused by  	sadness
	Awesome time at 's 'Fighting Fear' première last night in Leicester Square - Check out the HD trailer on our Facebook page 	fear
	we r all connected  no animal goes peacefully 2 slaughter they know what awaits them  they   	fear
	what time is it???  time?? LOOL no not a chance 	sadness
	hahhaa I don't even know what I'm doing I can't start my hw cuz I've been at emmas winter convert 	joy
	Driving home for Gran's surprise 90th birthdayAlmost crushed to death on M1 by John Lewis truck nearly forcing us into barrier 	surprise
	I'm woundering y in the world is 25 days of christmas startin so early?! its gonna end on the 15th! wtf? 	sadness
	My Friday Night Watching Zombie Movies :(	sadness
	i think u miss oppai miss my navigator oppacoz today he not living some twitt 	sadness
	What a sad ending for Donovan McNabb 	sadness
	I am not the slightest surprised to walk around school to encounter Laker haters but knowing the commissioner is one too?! 	disgust
	Unfortunately uploading all those pics (approx 250) has exhausted my monthly cap! 	sadness
	Get to make cookies all day  Ugh	joy
	'The Spirit of causes dis-easeIt is a disease'- Creflo_Dollar	fear
	They started construction on the lot next to our house 	sadness
	Apparently we're having a Christmas tree this year 	surprise
	Friends just wants to make me cry all the time 	sadness
	2 out of 2 days working and ive had customers shout and swear at me Only 6 more days of working to go 	joy
	Fat Friday has come early with ellisjenart Preparing for an afternoon of Carol service rehearsals 	joy
	I'm not in the Christmas spirit at all scene as we're living with two people who curse the fuck if you mention it 	sadness
	Holy shit! I got a bus that came on time today! The worlds turning upside down 	surprise
	Do you celebrate an adoption day? We celebrate the day we re-entered the US from Belarus  	joy
	A person on facebook has asked whether the initials on piano stand for little mix It's Mylo Xyloto  	anger
	For the next 6 months all im going to be having is crangrape gatorade water salad  pasta 	joy
	wel duidelijk van wie hij z'n creativiteit heeft echt een coole 	surprise
	DAMN----- She Got Her EyeBrows Arch Sooo High Every Time She Look At Me I Think She Tryin To MeWTF	surprise
	“kayls12390: Dutch apple bagel with salmon cream cheese - choice of breakfast I guess that'll wake your taste buds up 	disgust
	righto carries near every lbj9 even the china's but not the hurricanes how will I complete my collection now :)	sadness
	EATING A 1KG TUB OF STRAWBERRY YOGHURT BUT MY STRAWBERRIES ALL SUNK TO THE BOTTOM 	sadness
	Nothing cuter than when a guy actually plans a nice evening jimjones	surprise
	There's enough  in the world don't bring it to twitter	anger
	  in  i hate exams i don't want 2 leave   my college	anger
	TREE LIGHTING! Bring more surprises! 	surprise
	So excited to preform my Movement project tomorrow Get ready Its going to be insane 	surprise
	Life is short live it  is rare grab it Anger is bad dump it is awful face it  are sweet cherish them	fear
	Ana has an anorexic cat 	sadness
	:( Btw u do realise tht we r technically giving each other shout outs by doing this 	surprise
	Well I absolutely love my new amp It's portable sports classic vintage styling and -- best of all -- has unbelievable tone  	joy
	Adjacent to the King I no human being	fear
	Regreting what you failed to go for before doesnt always give you the courage to do so the next time 	fear
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	Please PLEASE do not chew gum while you're teaching I'm literally about to be sick  	disgust
	in the mood for sweets and my shop is closed 	sadness
	Every time I watch Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire I'm like Cedric won't die this time! He can't! And he always does :( 	sadness
	That ain't how it work that ain't how it goes and I be getting high just to balance out the lows 	fear
	Spanish recitation is today Oo 	joy
	I love seeing cars with Christmas trees on top!  	joy
	I'm sorry I missed u moremy phone didn't send me that tweet it goes crazy after a few tweets then stops notifying me 	sadness
	ahhh! Spencer just made me so happy! stop by my house on his way from practice back home! kajshkajlhdskljhska LOVE HIM SO MUCH!	surprise
	Looks like  I have some wild berry gummies since told us to throw them out    =)	surprise
	That one moment Katniss and gale I read it as if it were you and I   	sadness
	Had alarm set for 6 for some reason but I am up and buzzing More thinking Krul will have a busy day today  	fear
	THIS IS da month where my sleeping schedule gets fucked because of culminatings  exam studying 8-)	joy
	Happiness is a daily decision Be happy now :-))     	joy
	Found $80 at the bar win	surprise
	i screwed myself over when it came to having any chance of sleep Stayed up late last night slept in super late this morning  	joy
	Met some amazing people in weekly meditation tonight and received an unexpected gift from my teacher!   	joy
	last night with the power of fb chat i sincerely told over 15 people happy birthday except it wasn't their birthday 	surprise
	The  advert is possibly the most annoying thing on Tv Makes me run up to the twat and clatter him 	anger
	Considering I was up till 4  slept till 12 today I can't sleep 	surprise
	No matter what the final outcome we should have peace of mind we tried our best  	sadness
	Wow that was totally a job interview 	surprise
	I want to rip his balls of and shove them down his pathetic throat! 	anger
	watching twitter explode on  violence brings back all the and desperation of  at  	fear
	Basketball game yayyy:) freshmans not doing well do work today girl	surprise
	Oh echt? Dan mag je die van ons ook wel maken hoor : ) 	surprise
	a fun filled weekend of studying the muscles of the lower leg 	joy
	looking halfway decent today 	surprise
	Birthday dinner and my family is talking about politics loudly 	joy
	Joy is not the absence of suffering It is the presence of God Robert Schuller   	joy
	I wish I could baby! I'm feeling lonely too! 	sadness
	5 more days until the big move! 4 more days until this commute is a thing of the past!   	joy
	I'm gonna miss  ): Back to school tomorrow 	sadness
	You have a true relationship with God when you stop serving Him out of and begin serving Him in 	fear
	So I think im watching a good movie and then they kill the little boy WTF 	sadness
	last day for no shave november ready to shave the beard	fear
	holt shit Your new =3 got removed by youtube 	sadness
	nb $Gettin $ not ah Option doesnt Exist!!	fear
	If I can only get the damn thing to render 	sadness
	Sitting here looking up episodes of Season 4 True Blood because I missed all last season :( 	sadness
	blackberry tom :D woo :$               	joy
	My seven year old has an advent calendar with jokes behind each door it brings me when he tells me the joke each day!	joy
	The book that I'm getting for someone for Christmas was originally written by a German That explains *everything*  	surprise
	The fear of fear causes fear unrelenting	fear
	Ice cream and a Blunt 	joy
	Not everything is to be told on Twitter Big coming Stay tuned Hint think BIG! (Big smile and a wink) )	surprise
	Helping mom write a book chapter today She said my book can E next as long as someone wants to hear my story 	joy
	Wow did this nigga really walk n my house tho i been waiting on time to hop off	surprise
	I give to the homeless all the time Last Christmas visited some shelters with tons of new toys! The kids were in heaven! 	joy
	zoo erg moe he maar wel lekker cadeautjes gekregen by 	surprise
	i must admit i feel like a monster 	anger
	Whew glad the Easter Bunny didn't make dat list 	surprise
	Working on  is so un-American That being said I work tomorrow 	sadness
	This guy didn't wear his vest today 	surprise
	morning babez! headed to the 413 bright and early for brunch with the fam! 	surprise
	3 test today Passed 2! Yay for me!!!  But Lord I need your help on this next one!  +  + 	fear
	No 3 on 3 tourney this morninghell I don't even think anyone signed up besides me and like 2 people	sadness
	Sumo chops by Johnny Goodtime = FIVE STAR MATCH!!!  	fear
	I was told I was going to get a text from you today? 	sadness
	So I had a girl tell me when I played music the other night it was hot and attractive  	surprise
	Ok this morning I am attempting to do all my Christmas shopping With 2 kids in tow At the busiest shopping centre in Kent 	joy
	Ik sta op 't punt om m'n vriendje te gaan 'ontvoeren' Voor een surpriseparty voor z'n 30e verjaardag!!  	surprise
	If you want to be  KISS Keep It Simple Stupid tags:       	sadness
	haha good girl! doing much tonight? 	surprise
	This tweet was sent to vent my feelings 	sadness
	It may be gray and gloomy but they're putting up the Christmas trees all around the church!! 	joy
	Christmas season in my house 	joy
	Who knew hanging Christmas lights outside could be so time consuming and exhausting? I'm not even finished yet 	sadness
	Habiter à 2 pas du CELSA Équivaut à une immersion dans un blog mode tous les matins ! 	fear
	When you receive last minute information that your having supper at your nonnas 	surprise
	Panda Express tastes better when you're alone in a car  	sadness
	I wish and would come over before I bash my head into my Brick wall 	anger
	Bath  an early night ready to see what another week has to chuck at us! 	joy
	Tomorrow is going to be a really long day 	joy
	The level of   and  I'm feeling right now is unreal	anger
	I Hate Seeing SEX SEX SEX On My TL 	joy
	This week is going to suck Completely and utterly suck 	joy
	Where were you when the Euro broke up? Time to get ready for that moment in history I'm afraid	fear
	I don't let negative ppl dictate who I am as person  no one is bold/bad enuff to steal anything from me especially my 	joy
	i havent really slept this damn food wont go down 	anger
	We didn't participate in follow friday yesterday 	sadness
	WHERE?! So jealous I'm writing my dissertation all day tomorrow   	joy
	: two frat boys aren't in class the day before break wait they're never  here	surprise
	I'm so tired and I hurt so bad! Pulled my hamstring or groin 	joy
	Wondering where in the world is ?! I've not seen any inspiration from him lately 	sadness
	So excited to party party tomorrow night with one of my besties miss Emma Rose :) xxxx 	joy
	nee! Glossy box heb ik nog niet gekregenjij wel? Niet zeggen wat erin zit!!! Ik wil geheim houden! 	surprise
	Sitting at LAX crying! Miss Cali and my bookie already!	sadness
	Not goin to lie am pretty pissed off today and will be tomorrow and most likely Friday as well 	joy
	 my Loves! I hope everyone is enjoying this holiday season!     	joy
	Serious sinking in I apologize to anyone I offended/annoyed/embarrassed myself in front of last night  	fear
	 why wouldn't you? I saw the documentary Those beautiful WBC girls sound evil when they cackle about being glad ppl die 	disgust
	When Gamestop tells you that you have 2-day shipping they really mean that in five days your order will still not me shipped 	anger
	I realize that I DON'T HAVE PICTURES WITH MY BFF! Next time I'm going to colombia will be crazy taking pictures lol 	sadness
	paris is a dream land!must be cold thereits almost mid of november AND ITS SO NOT COLD HERE! weather is still the same :-( 	sadness
	J'avais décidé de me coucher et puis finalement j'aime pas trop le lit vide et le bruit dans le couloir 	fear
	Dada a la gran cantidad de barba que me crece nunca podria estar en una banda como Minus The Bear 	sadness
	My Daddy doesn't know me  my son will be at the airport tomorrow when he touches down! Hehe 	surprise
	Men like to proclaim their undying love after a few shots of    	fear
	Just finished a presentation on voting systems for Politics Society and I'm still against Party List PR 	surprise
	Calm down just breath u don't wanna commit anything imprudent!! CALM DOWN!!  	anger
	“TWIN_4LIFE: I wonder wat my future wife is doin” ~~ OH NIGGA YOU CHEATIN NOW DAMN IT'S LIKE THAT I WANT CHILD SUPPORT LLS	joy
	Twitter changgedddd just screwed with my head a little	surprise
	no I feel like death! Glad the film was good! So annoyed at my body being I'll that I couldn't go :( 	sadness
	Sure mom i would love to clean the fuckin house wasnt planning on going anywhere i was just walking to mar car for fuckin excercise 	joy
	oh honey love you know me so well!! Lets watch! Yesterday was the first sunday we didn't hang out 	sadness
	heart rate rising 	fear
	diamonds are a fucking terrible thing and they AREN'T VALUABLE FUCK  	anger
	I'm at feed my starving children feeding the starving children 	joy
	Mempan dunk ya ! RT Miraayu1: Gaa mempan ! RT Enda_ScounDrel: Ya mira kabuuur mah Tu om sungkai kaki mira bia jatuah	anger
	Saved us all from Satan's power when we were gone astray  	joy
	“!!!!! Nasty gay ass RT Mz_NayNayBbyy: Now Why Would u Wanna Suck Ur Own D*** !! ”	disgust
	I'm going to miss staring angrily at and in the hallways this week 	sadness
	My personal definition of ambivalence: finally having a date for experimental surgery  	fear
	Finished a school project was even able to add some touches to it to get the A+ so lets see Now I have english! 	joy
	my god! i been trying to open this bag of take out for like 10 min i just stabbed the bag with my fork 	anger
	Sorry for puking all over you daniel  getting u sick I really am sorry bc now I'm stuck in the same room as you all day! 	joy
	apparently 10 people every year die from vending machinesit really proves how us humans can die so easily 	sadness
	do you save toenail clippings in a jar? could you send them to me via FedEx?  	joy
	Les petits Yakaz ne savent pas à quelle sauce ils vont être cuisinés ce soir   Ca va être très drôle 	surprise
	found out I need to have physiotherapy on my neck 	joy
	And apparently I have been so selfish that now all of you have left =[    3	sadness
	oh great blackboard you would be unavailable right now 	anger
	is my long lost twin brother	anger
	Our meet hasnt even started yet 45 minutes late 	joy
	Where's that flawless Serena tweet about Seriously hope our paths never cross again? MY LIFE RIGHT NOW 	disgust
	Noooo! The true end of an era 	sadness
	Ahh god damn it watched youtube videos with data on i thought i had wireless on major fail there goes my data for the month 	sadness
	Everyone is saying how their full and ate too much I HAVEN'T GOTTEN ANY FOOD YET!!!!!! 	sadness
	library finals workthat is what my upcoming week will consist of 	joy
	alt + 3 = hash key   enjoy the cricket! 	sadness
	I hate seeing homeless people :( 	sadness
	High school is full of drama Truth is it doesn't matter 	surprise
	 ha kina nako eish especially wen I have to be with husband angna langa lokge 	anger
	Watching the Vice Guide to Liberia at 3am was a bad idea 	sadness
	on their calendar like how mad are you? smh there isn't one player in the NBA I feel has ever had that impact where you're already in 	fear
	oh my heart!! I'm crazy jealous the most gorgeous sight you've ever seen? 	joy
	Love hate relationship 	joy
	I just want to stay in bed all day 	sadness
	La nana qui lit à voix haute son bouquin sur Direct 8 me fait flipper  	fear
	Mga ti! Walang kupas ang pagka pick up material sa oks Grabe na gyud ni! Change territory lang 	fear
	Zal het eindresultaat niet tonen zit wel onder de waterverf lijm stift en plakband	surprise
	I don't care about you fuck you! 	fear
	Just how I wanted to start my dayjolted awake by schlotzskys to come in an hour and a half early 	joy
	Surprising my sister in buffalo for her 21st birthday!! I love the  	surprise
	“kirnbauer: Ya aprendi la leccion no dormire con mi ipod nunca mas  ” //es en serio estefa??	sadness
	A lot of people are scared to admit that they don't know something 	fear
	Watching Citizen Kane It's  on my movie list I didn't expect it to be funny and yet I am laughing! 	surprise
	Totally missed you on this weeks episode From What it sounded like the guys recorded 3 of them So no Ron for a month 	sadness
	Fear will always haunt me but hope will always conquer   	fear
	Have been sitting underneath a giant fucking moth for who knows how long Shoulda seem me bolt out of the room when I saw it 	fear
	Finally done at school now straight to work till 11 	joy
	Hate when you tell someone your going to call them and they go to sleep early 	anger
	When I go home shit don't look the same 	sadness
	Fresh wound can't talk Cam brings me 	joy
	Thrilled to reunite with my best friend today! It's raining though and we have to find our way to a theater for a dance show downtown 	joy
	lol yeah I totally meant you (see what I dud there?)	surprise
	Fear is Strong than love is STRONGER than 	fear
	The ONLY reason  has suffered  is due to ingrained of male muscle impact down thru generations  	fear
	Is There a life after Death?! make me angry and find out !   	anger
	just got a 52 out of 50 on a quizdidnt even know there was extra credit  	surprise
	 the working 5 days a week begins  	joy
	Don't carry something around that Jesus already carried on the cross    	fear
	Hey this is a campaign speech 	surprise
	Dad told me that I'm coming to the titans game today In the rain 	surprise
	Moody's have projected our economic growth to rise by 1% in the new year slower that the Gov projected - Another miscalculation 	surprise
	it made my skin crawl Does Sandusky WANT people to know he's guilty?  	disgust
	Really looking forward to the Christmas play at on Saturday and worship at on Sunday! 	joy
	Someimes words hurt More than  Actions i wish i could take back the words i said 	sadness
	I miss our weekly den outings for no other reason then the fact that at least we got to hang out once a week!!!!! 	anger
	Hmm so my somewhat irrational hatred of Amelia Lily will have to endure one more week of her shouting performances 	joy
	lekkerrr! Wij zijn ook al een heel eind inclusief gedicht! Yeah I love early birds :-) 	surprise
	Forgiveness doesn't heal the wounds it frees the soul from anger  hatred    	anger
	Jeans make great rain pants!    	sadness
	De  sneldicht Piet: vandaag van 16:00-21:00 uur zit  daar klaar en maakt al uw dichtwensen klaar!   	surprise
	Haha made an appearance during practice today  	surprise
	Successful marketing comes down to fulfilling four basic humans needs   and  Sounds easy but it's not easy	joy
	This is the worst hangover since New Year's day of 2010 My spew looks like blood 	fear
	Good luck!  I have the wonders of the Law of Evidence tomorrow afternoon 	joy
	Kuya: anong gift mo sa kanya?& wallet with pic of me and him& Magugulat un! XD wahaha 	surprise
	Shit just hit the fan 	fear
	TY Karen RT These ladies new to me but I bet you would love them  	joy
	the kids decorated the tree super ghetto and picked a skinny ass tree hahahaha 	joy
	Mums gonna kill me  my sister when shes back from shopping saturday in here birthday 	surprise
	the last season part two I can't stand to buy it and recognize its over 	sadness
	Very happy to see Cena tonight Very interested in this heel turn build   	surprise
	Then I just realized I'll be missing my 2 favorite cousins this Christmas Last year we were all together 	sadness
	Only my parents could make pedophile jokes during Willy Wonka  	sadness
	At my brothers friends house doing nothing This is what happens when I come back home 	sadness
	If our cat has to chase a mouse why start at 3am? And was the end of my shoe really the only sanctuary the mouse could find? 	surprise
	Regrets not buying a raf fair isle this season 	sadness
	il y a donc encore des digital natives qui ne connaissent pas twitter ? 	fear
	Just finished my  clothsno matter how busy i ami create time to her LOVE YOU MUM	surprise
	I can't talk to you while you drive -tasker DanielElliott17	sadness
	Just now got home from work now I must shower and take a power nap before class	joy
	This Christmas I'm getting everyone I know one of those nutsacks you hang on the back of your car  	joy
	Oh for crying out loud Middlesex ahead now 	disgust
	Last play performance tonight 7:30  :( don't want it to be done 	sadness
	I just rec'd the 1st show name for 2012/13 Season! It's for me to know and you to find out It's a 	surprise
	the staff for my Gandalf action figure has mysteriously disappeared :( 	sadness
	Working on an art project for a class  If only all of my homwork consisted of such things Wishing I went to an art school	joy
	I just saw RoryLogan's break up :( They were made for each other so why??Why they broke up? :( 	sadness
	This house feels so empty without my Scout Also missing Dad a lot today 	sadness
	ugghh i cant believe Rachel Crow left the XFactor!!! she wuz mehh fave 	sadness
	performance with a comedian dell Arte during the startup competition o) 	surprise
	Textiles actually didn't go as bad as expected 	surprise
	I'm quite surprised Egypt only mustered a 62% turnout in their elections More than us yes but what are those 38% thinking? 	surprise
	Fantastic expectations amazing revelations 	fear
	waarom lukt het me nooit om in een keer een leuk gedicht te maken xD 	surprise
	Loves talking  to my mom andd aunt abouut my summer romance with an older man 	joy
	using to prop up the control  and  have over 's worldwide	fear
	I'm watching the game tomorrow night at your place fyi 	surprise
	bon bon good luck tonight I'll see you after meet me at the roxbury 	surprise
	En owja vanavond nog lekker met conditietraining door heel Diemen rennen 	joy
	we'll have a long chittychat on Skype soon I have a migr tonight so I'm going to sweep ASAP  	sadness
	Shakuhachi dress $580  10-22 mm lens $708  :(	sadness
	suddenly all the annoying wannabe cool younger girls are getting Twitter 	joy
	O my god please be a snap cup 	surprise
	Hope is what is keeping me going right now! RT Fuzywuzy8: Without hope what do we have in life?   	sadness
	About to go shoot guns and be angry and stuff   	anger
	- RT ChristianRep: In your anger do not sin when you are on your beds search your hearts and be silent -Psalm 4:4	anger
	Strength will rise as we wait upon the Lord''   	joy
	Yeah I can't load my funny pic of Cam and his twinkie :(  	sadness
	Does anybody know the feeling of being head over heels in  but at the same time having some kind of of commitment ?	fear
	Mae lagot k! Haha! RT  asan na yung MO?wait nmin kahapon paheheheh  LANG	surprise
	I swear to fucking GOD there's been a lot of shady ass people lately Ain't got no one to trust but thy self  no man no bitch	fear
	Can't wait for church tomorrow Worshipping and Praising and sing all for a man that helped me In my trouble and good times 	joy
	Mon second kernel panic en 6 ans de Mac OS Je crois que mon MacBook est en train de mourir en ce moment Vite sauvegardes 	fear
	to the World stuck in my head for the rest of my life	joy
	just as MLK fought for blacks to have EQUAL rights so do homosexuals According to the bible we should still own slaves! 	disgust
	My greatest is sitting in front of thousands of people while my  search history is being read aloud	fear
	I live in a world full of people pretending to be something their not -_-	joy
	There is nothing in life to take seriously except the joy of life ~Maharishi  	joy
	Fuck you That's all I have to say Wait One more time FUCK YOU 	anger
	I made an interesting observation that my somewhat correlates to my spending I feel like buying a car now	sadness
	 is finally done and dusted so I can concentrate my my xmas card design First I sleep	surprise
	So on the one night  I decide to get our social lives back on track it decides to rain 	sadness
	I hate finding something to watch on Netflix that makes you cry when you weren't expecting to 	surprise
	Ontem fiz trança embutida com o cabelo molhado e quando fui dormir fiz um coque ai agora soltei o cabelo e ele continua molhado oO	fear
	Brothers college graduation 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Youtube TAKE DOWN FRIDAY BY REBEKA BLACK! People keep PLAYING it on Friday's and I'm going to stab someone with a pen! 	anger
	1John 4:10-21 -  n do not go hand in hand You can't have both the same time	fear
	Weehh Ricki Lake made Derek lose :'(  	sadness
	Spent $66 on 3 books already how bout I send you $10 and get the last 3?  This deal makes me sad!  	sadness
	Ahhh didn't think it would last up 30 mins later and taken me an hour to get him back to sleep 	joy
	*Amen to this---RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	just found ten dollars in jeans i haven't worn since 8th grade 	surprise
	The worst thing you can do at this time of year is fall over in public Please god don't let it be me 	fear
	got to and the rest of my family by coming home for thanksgiving!  	surprise
	Don't ever feed into because it makes you lose sight of what's most important	fear
	I Wana Fight Ah Bitch Jus Too Release All The 	anger
	Anger is something that we all experience but can cause problems in relationships  quality of life if it gets out of control 	anger
	Thanks for the shout! You're in luck our Coral Gables location (Miami) is opening in a few days! DM me b4 u go in! 	surprise
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Sitting in Starbucks with my Mac and managed to log onto an unsecured Wifi network! Result! 	joy
	I love when the kids I'm babysitting make a scene in Chick Fila because they can't have icecream 	joy
	Iron horse didn't ID me?  	surprise
	It never crossed my mind that where will be a time 4 us to say goodbye what a BIG 	surprise
	Chillin in hatfield with Phenyo_Chivas enjoyin an ice-cream cone! 	joy
	Exam starts in 1 hour BTW we just knew we're having the prelim 30 minutes ago 	surprise
	Going to miss everyone had a great weekend with my team and the whole crew of 	fear
	I broke my glasses in half 	anger
	My Xmas tree is too big for my apartment 	sadness
	Lol! I just did too RT I forced some down anyway lol I'll regret it later RT im_a_KEY_pa: No room for dessert 	sadness
	Ok donc à qq minutes près j'étais sur les lieux d'un braquage en live 	fear
	if this was the last new episode of  i ever get to watch i may just cry :'( 	sadness
	Today it's all about gambling regulation 	joy
	so he's leaving straight from his bros and I don't wanna risk taking mah car =( 	sadness
	unsung could have a whole season of shows just based on the artists at Bad Boy 	sadness
	25- la journée de ski à  et une pour nos premiers  à 8h30 devant les caisses de Crans  	surprise
	1am in the morning Time to study!  	joy
	“Alwayys_Smilee: My dad met some nice french canadians :O hehe jk :D thats for u :D” mggpan	surprise
	working all night lone mainly my fault but can't say it doesn't annoy me 	sadness
	My heart is tired of being hurt all the time 	sadness
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	We RESENT abusive behavior We especially struggle w/those who demand both OUR FORGIVENESS  THEIR RIGHT 2 stay the same 	anger
	Living in is not understanding that w/ Christ there is the promise of a new start letting go of fear is holding on to Christ	fear
	Not true that was who the conversation was with he's being very cool   	fear
	En dan hoor ik ineens dat mijn papa over 2 daagjes naar Parijs komt! 	surprise
	Ate someone elses pizza A mom  two young kids reading They are without power We feel bad 	sadness
	I hate rude people! Just makes me feel sick and sorry for them 	disgust
	Ugh  The illiteracy rate of Memphis  	disgust
	Come out Sunday evening to hear Pastor Scott Fussnecker continue the message on fear 	fear
	Cleaned my dorm to find an entire box of cookies 	surprise
	I need to preach more in order to gain followersIDFrabbi And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands 	fear
	Tomorrow is probably a shorts day 	surprise
	Going to be a long long day in work Also not looking forward to these photos from last night 	fear
	“MegannnOhhh: Doing absolutely nothing -__-” listen to Christmas music and drink hot cocoa	joy
	laatste dingetjes doen en dan ben ik eindelijk klaar 	surprise
	Youre discipline is a joke You are destroying NHL hockey Really? Youre going to suspend Sutton for a hit like that? 	disgust
	thank god she's retiring because she does not give a fuck  	surprise
	Welcome December! It's so weird that you have a crap ton of snow and I have none! 	sadness
	ruvruvruv partieshavin a hard time hearin whispering to metwice in one week=lovemylife	surprise
	the olivia couture wedding dress i thought might be the one isn't available for purchase anymore 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Seriously wish I knew my credit card number off by heart 	sadness
	Oh good my friend who was coming to my Christmas party with me now can't come! 	joy
	Bored as fuckclarkston is so lucky that they have no skool 	joy
	Or a lot of other actors for that matter I'm just having a Chris Evans situation atm 	surprise
	Know that is rarer more difficult and more beautiful than sadness Andre Gide	joy
	this morning I tried to cook bacon and it would not crisp for some strange reason  	anger
	 to for being the 70th follower!!!! my associates will be contacting you soon about your prize!!! 	surprise
	2uomini su 10ritengono completa la propria giornata solo se si sono masturbati -- Glamour ma che sondaggi fai?! 	sadness
	Burnt finger plus studying for finals 	joy
	RTFina11yMadeIt: Everyone is gifted but some people never open their presents!!! 	sadness
	But I'll be off Christmas Day as its the only day of the year that the shop is closed :) 	joy
	MDRRR MOI AUSSI En plus comme j'ai des enceinte j'avais mis le volume à fond OMAGAD 	fear
	Hate being ill Hockey match tomorrow when feelings shite -_-	joy
	So I forgot yesterday was pay day 	surprise
	Computer over heating I'm scare it's going to die soon! :(	sadness
	Why do the weeks off work go by sooooo quickly?! I am making the most of tomorrow!!  	sadness
	Hate driving next to 18 Wheelers Heart starts pounding through my chest every time 	fear
	*+*+MsJordan you have an problemMe: Man who THE F*CK are YOU to tell ME I got an  problem!!??	anger
	finally finished my unit 3 work! hurray! 	joy
	That awkward moment when you spit and unexpectedly see blood 	surprise
	suck my fucking dick!  	disgust
	Haven't talked to my boyfriend all day 	sadness
	En nog maar een dagje   	surprise
	My dad has a million life lesson to tell me everyday and he starts with them right when i wake up 	joy
	Why does my look so fucked up?! I was on my channel an hour ago and it was normal Kinda cool but totally unexpected 	surprise
	morning :) oh what a bad episode to come in towards the end And only 1 more episode?? 	sadness
	No one in Modesto goes Black Friday shopping cause all the big name stores are 45 minutes away  	sadness
	''The more towards  the past u Carry in ya heartD less capable you are of  in ya present''morning pals!!!	anger
	my niece just screamed on the phone when I told her I'd see her tomorrow cuz she didn't think I was coming home until December 	surprise
	I don't want this fucking christmas whitout you ! 	sadness
	MANAGEMENT BRUH HE IS 14 RT haha you can block me but you and all ur fans suck ass talking2everyone	anger
	We have to forget the word '' '' and remove it from our livesok?:)33 we have to be happy not sad!	sadness
	One of jareds little cousins friends just told me im jareds girlfriend  does he know something I don't? 	surprise
	Last anger myth for the time being and it’s a big one: is better out than in 	anger
	I was never a FeaR fan no offense but it's sad to see a long time member like Assass1n leave Good luck in the future	sadness
	Can't wait for a 12 hour shift tomorrow starting at 4am 	joy
	love you too rest up cuz i have a for you tonight	surprise
	For the next week I shall be serenaded by a chorus of chainsaws as the neighborhood begins massive hauling away of downed trees 	joy
	of the Unknown changes replace  and familiarity with ambiguity and uncertainty     	fear
	hahaha!!!!!! my mom did that last week She set it on the table i drank it thinking it was coffee 	surprise
	I just told my mom about my anxiety attack today She looked at me with the not a proud parent moment face She's unhappy with me 	fear
	True We had them fooled It IS real people Cale Glendening is the father of my children And I… am a woman 	surprise
	Twitter please stop rubbing it in that you watched  last nght however fell asleep befor it started and now i am in a state of 	sadness
	Sausage in the stuffing this year?! 	surprise
	7:01 no breakfast minimal hours of sleep no homework done about to be a great day I can just feel it 	joy
	Going to visit my daddy at work since it's his birthday !	surprise
	Love when I kiss my boyfriend then he burps and I breathe it in Jon1093	surprise
	oh the joys of double french on a monday morning 	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Yes And one day I will wrap a brick in that t shirt and swing it at some problematic people's faces x 	joy
	And even though they got good reviews and are about important things 	anger
	AH! Do you have any shows coming up? I totally missed Woods and just thought of it 	sadness
	Je bricole un calendrier 2012 avk plein de photos pour ma mifa comme kdo d fin d´année  	surprise
	Beyond mortifie  Why did I think I could make it from my bathroom to my bedroom naked after the shower!? Hiya brothers mates 	surprise
	that awkward moment when your tweet is about me and you're thinking since you don't follow me I don't follow you 	surprise
	We fashion the rhyme/ and the Truth is the only Fit-  s/o   	surprise
	Just felt an unborn baby in my friend's tummy kicking for the first time I wonder if it cares that I'm singing pokey pokey hi baby! 	joy
	If my tears hold value I will drop one for every single thing he showed Us 	fear
	some people just make your blood boil! UGHHH! 	anger
	Girl a picture of that book is in my Twitter pics lol Nah i haven't used itor rather tried it lol 	fear
	Working on Christmas present 	surprise
	The big guy REALLY loves you RT YesReallyAngel: 7am flight in the morning 	joy
	he acabado con dolor de garganta y un tajo en el pie derecho 	joy
	WHERE should I do the clothing drive for  at in  on the 19th and 20th of Dec? Best suggestion gets a Holiday 3	surprise
	we should do a disposable cam night   	surprise
	Walking back from the gas station me Brooklyns_MoKo and Faisal saw a dog without a leash and freaked the hell out 	fear
	Volgend jaar vul ik een oude bal met nepstront of stop ik het cadeautje in een meloen of komkommer	surprise
	If I guy sang one less lonely girl to me and actually meant it I'd believe him 	surprise
	I have the bestttttttest best friend in the world3 thank u for the party I love u soo much  	surprise
	who are you wearing is Lame!! I prefer are you wearing underwear?? !!	surprise
	Isn't it shameful to be using vulgar language steeped in 'under the belt' flirt tactics/humour once you breach the age of 25? 	disgust
	To  is  but only if it is done with and a whole heart — Pearl S Buck  	joy
	Just wanna curl up and watch a movie with  but I'm stuck in Norton till 9pm 	sadness
	Thats a moment to meet old friends after ages 	joy
	RT: RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	My two guitars after a lot of years togetherhad decided to fell the night I was seeing Paranormal Activity 	fear
	And it's windy I will never be able to sleep right! Why do I wind --	fear
	Facebook meI hate how whatever u say or do there u get judged by ppl who r suppose to be ur Friends thats y I stick with Twitter	disgust
	I think I'll be awesome and start working on my little project   especially   	surprise
	I just want to sleep I'm in a bad mood right now 	anger
	Gettin ready to drive back to chatt town Last minute playing with my little b's! 	sadness
	didn't buy a wii/zelda today and all I can think about is how much I wanna play skyward sword 	sadness
	When you wish someone joy you wish them peace love prosperity happiness all the good things - Maya Angelou 	joy
	Broodjes uit de oven  op tv Lekker rustig opstarten! Zometeen druk aan de slag voor de Sint! 	surprise
	Working on the first day back is not fun to look forward too 	sadness
	alleen nog even morgen cadootjes kopen in stadje en dan helemaal klaar 	surprise
	thank for the vote of confidence but it does look like a loss is in my future 	sadness
	I have played ppl way bigger than me all year and I go straight at they head as if they were small I none	fear
	“RunningQuotes: Do the work Do the analysis But feel your run Feel your race Feel the that is ~Kara Goucher”teaganrozmus	joy
	Shut your dirty mouth!!! This is one of those days when I need flowers! 	sadness
	it's the start of something beautiful horror beautiful MetalCinephile/horror  	fear
	Up early to coach games all day 	joy
	I miss my ice man! And that was a great 	surprise
	I'm sorry 11 u was supposed to call me for HH with the whites but I said somthin to niggerish and I was axed 	sadness
	I told my boy to keep his - he actually looks super cute with it ♥ I hope he did keep it I find out tonight! 	surprise
	follow me  retweet me pleaseee! I guess u never saw any of my tweets asking u too :( please do it for a fan! 	sadness
	We jus go through the motions then emotions go in motion with then we're both pissed and say shit thats not meant to be said 	anger
	is the lock   the key to your heart ❤	fear
	Really wanna go see the lights on the cumberland but the weather just won't cooperate 	sadness
	maarja heb dus net met esther ff in grave bij noor sport dingen voor papa gekocht 	surprise
	Buying stuff in batman boxers and watching everyone around me stare at my crotch 	joy
	Mrs Rathburn says i never surprise her and now  she regrets saying that  	surprise
	Not having to get up and go to work this morning was one of the best things to ever happen 	joy
	Talking about death in class on this yucky day 	sadness
	YEEEEEEY thx God for the antivirus and the flash disinfector my files are not shortcuts in my hard disks :D burn in hell viruses h3 :D 	joy
	I thhink its funny will call me bout the lakers but wont answer when we tryna hoop hmm 	fear
	So sad leaving NY Im going to miss my family my grandma  :(	sadness
	boredom want to plat skyrim but at a part tht i CANT beat for my LIFE! y does tht guy have to shoot icicles 	sadness
	Every word that comes out of my mouth I pray it doesn't push you away 	fear
	I know ! But wait til you see what I did in my boredom this afternoon! Such an awesome 3	surprise
	People who say you broke their computer because you figured out what was wrong should die in a house fire    	anger
	Ten hour car ride home 	joy
	Lost my glasses  classes all day should be fun 	joy
	Work today Thursday and Friday 	joy
	Lekker opruimen na de avond heb toch een ander beeld van een  was wel erg geslaagd nog zes flesjes  over	surprise
	results from seeing ourselves walk into a situation w/o the LORD FAITH is realizing that HE gets there b4 we do	fear
	Vanavond halve finale  en vanaf 6 december is het weer  time! 	joy
	Calculonimbus final tomorrow wish a  luck     	fear
	Happy birthday swaggadonhugz Birthday beats are in the post   	fear
	Package mystery solved: Debi is an absent minded idiot 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Get to go to school late tomorrow with a numb mouth:( 	joy
	We want to change our lives but refuse to change our thoughts therefore we remain bound ~ James Allen  	joy
	Make sure that if you see me before Fri morning you say goodbye 'cause that's when I fly outa here Only 4 full days left in AK 	sadness
	Life is as it is      comes as you think  make it more complicated than it really is 	sadness
	I should never be allowed to pick out movies Ever Goodness! 	sadness
	Dear summer I miss you and swimsuits-Cool kids (SirMichaelRocks Chuckisdope) just came on in the shuffle good memories though	sadness
	Life Ain't Easy_ Mac Miller  	joy
	C'est normal qui ai une dame de ménage qui vient d'arriver chez moi là ?! Oo 	surprise
	Fase 1 van de is halverwege!! Ging nog best snel!!	surprise
	I was at work At gym now then writing a 2-page paper before bed Tomorrow is an 11-hour shift at the mall =P You?	joy
	ManU out of League Cup by Cristal Palace reaching semis!!!! 	surprise
	My  and I Didn't Talk the Whole Day Today :'( 	sadness
	Guess what? I just walked out of the last math class I will EVER have to attend  	joy
	Gmorning Twittericans! Got woken up by puppy whimpers at 5am What have we done? has already settled in the pit of our stomachs 	fear
	Just sent a few emails Now I shall play the waiting-for-PR-ladies-to-call-me-back game ah 	joy
	I wish I was as weird as I used to be I had more friends back then Hahaha 	sadness
	I learnt to pour the perfect Guinness on an oncology ward I was 18 The old boys all thought I looked like Maureen O'Hara 	joy
	friday night at home without mom that's gonna be  T_T	sadness
	'I shouldn't treat you badly I'm a dick' - why act like one then? headphones in and ignore the world 	sadness
	Shit's keeping me from watching Dexter 	anger
	we have such good luck can't wait to go to sleep tonight 	joy
	I kno His Word to b tru!!!! Despite of wat I feel like or wat my circumstances say! I KNO His Word to b tru!!! That's y I have  n 	joy
	Back from the hospital just in time for a tutorial Today will not be a good day  	sadness
	“mattmosley: This is the shakiest 14-point lead in history of college football” lol 	fear
	This game should be called words with old friends or words with new enemies I always make people so mad - 	anger
	done w/ my Business Plan but im not already done w/ my feasibility project :(	sadness
	Break! Remember when you achieved something you didn't think you could do? How great did that feel?! 	joy
	Funny how some guys always go abroad for medical treatment  pres in stable condition at a Dubai hospital	fear
	So the same bum a$$ ninja  his friend that were trying to buy me drinks  food walked out on the waiter!!! LAMES Me!!!	disgust
	PEACE which surpasses all understanding! And JOY! That disagrees with circumstance :)   	joy
	 removes tears and fears and bring  and into your life	joy
	lmfao yeah when you ask bout them ppl look at you with like they ate something bad	disgust
	I bought my first Christmas gifts of the year this week I am already about to explode to tell what they are I'm terrible at this 	surprise
	Grimpe pas dans les rideaux! Mange pas tes bas!  	fear
	basketballi'm beginning to love you 	surprise
	is momentary madness -Horace	anger
	I'm grateful to have as a Pittsburgh  because he Strikes in the hearts of the opposing Offenses	fear
	There is no in love but perfect love casteth out fear	fear
	oMG U r the 1 my only friend!!!! ONLY BEST FRIEND AWARD 	joy
	And that makes 3  retired  Questionable for season LaMarcus_Aldridge Heart 	sadness
	let pasukan do that haha RT shelaaashelooo: Haiwho wanna kill me? I'm tired with what I feelI'm tired of this sickness	surprise
	there is no such thing as rape if you yell 	surprise
	Someone please please cheer me up sudden wave of :(	sadness
	Great first half Keep it going browns! Knock on wood 	surprise
	Note that CP3 Assists and PPG were down last year Also Gasol and Odom were keys into the Lakers championships those 2 years 	surprise
	Wonderful morning and happy Friday Full of   	joy
	I gave up on Tina Fey when she defended her colleague's violent homophobia 	disgust
	That happy blissful moment when the realization hitsI have chocolate in my bag! 	joy
	Not the finish I wanted but all around good season  to season 	sadness
	Somewhere in my house a very Loyal Blackberry is being ignored 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I lived today ”	fear
	idk about that last one guys  wasnt so good  needs laid we find some help or end him	sadness
	Feels like eight o'clock! Time change has still got me out of it oh well Subway time 	joy
	thank god this is my last class but oh wait i still have to stay at school until like 9 tonight 	joy
	Almost went to sleep tonight without turning my alarm back on  Guess that's what 5 days off does to you 	joy
	Take your Feelings like and put them into a picture  thats what I doI don't I  my 	sadness
	“GULLYKING82: The Chris Paul deal is officially off as The Lakers pulled out of the deal” for 	sadness
	And suddenly Kwom recalls owning a Legend of Zelda CYOA book  Whatever did happen to that  	sadness
	agree with you about doubting the benefits of 3d Good for making money but ruins the experience of the film for me 	sadness
	Yo cards been dealt in life  but you aint playem right  juss knowin u let tuck you in at night	fear
	management for 4 years didn't help me at all I think it made it worse!	anger
	shanedawson: I had no idea that you had a girlfriend It's sad that it ended ): I'm sorry  :/ That video almost made me cry )': 	sadness
	Tried drinking orange juice with a straw Got clogged with pulp 	sadness
	This awkward moment that you woke up happily then ended up annoyed and sad with a fight with him 	sadness
	“Ok_Brian: It always bothers me when I see a married man not wearing his wedding ring” Ohhhhh don't get me started! 	anger
	15 more miles an I'm out of gasoline Siri find me the nearest gas station I can coast downhill to  	sadness
	Ready for this week to be over so I can get 2 presentations out of the way! I HATE talking in front of the class wahhh 	fear
	Iedereen een fijn Sinterklaas weekend!!    EN  letter	surprise
	had an arrangement w/my brother go south I was supposed to end up getting a tablet an that's not happening anymore :/ lol	surprise
	They Say Not payin Somethin No Mind Is a Better Choice Shit I Begg 2 Differ ignorin it makes it Worse Then Make U Wanna Fight 	anger
	Bout to visit Eric at work 	surprise
	they took nonpareils out of the candy bins and replaced them with crappy multi-colored christmas candy 	sadness
	Guys who pick up grls at the mall are CREEPS esp Fairlane Ugh Why am I here! 	disgust
	All I really want to do right now is sit on the couch  relax a bitsadly I need to get ready for a holiday party 	joy
	I very rarely am in desperate need of someone to talk to Tonight is one of those nights Everyone is sleeping I'm at a loss 	sadness
	Use as your compass: look to it for the places inside you that call for your attention	fear
	Fancy dress on Tuesday is going to be so funny! 	surprise
	Me and mother putting up her Christmas Tree trying to have it decorated when Dre comes	surprise
	Praying for a family that is very near and dear to my heart! Their little baby was just born 3 months premature 	sadness
	As it's the weekend I'm taking this 1130 slump and crawling back into my bed rather than pushing through it 	joy
	Those people who eat loads of crappy food all the time and are still skinny as a stick me	disgust
	you should change your bio you're not on the road with AI anymore 	sadness
	Max's friends Bob and Kayley stopped by on their way back to CO We  gleefully took turns riding the pink unicycle  	surprise
	When u  ur good u r demonstrating  The quality of strengthens it  makes it more vibrant sourcelessons	joy
	At a friend's bridal shower Something special to share in a new bride's 	joy
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	Worked a 15 hour day today 	joy
	You know i spend money cause spending time is hopeless 	fear
	Received a sad news from overseasI will miss you Tita SarahThanks for loving us U are safer there now w/o all d pain  	sadness
	gezellig paps en mams gaan een uitwerken Denk goed aan de kinders  niet aan Zwarte Piet(en) uitdelen 	surprise
	Finally made it to East Dulwich Bit of a trek but cold lager and pizza to come party	surprise
	Just had a look on fb and seen about 15 people complaining about uni work Glad I don't have to do it! 	joy
	 ! RT la_vitrine: C'est confirmé! Nous aurons toute une activité pour la  de MTLenLumiere! Détails à venir! 	surprise
	If cute guys think I'm attractive then why don't I think I'm attractive? 	sadness
	when dis blow up all u going hear is that is a campionite start it 	sadness
	oke ik ben al op de helft van wat ik vandaag moest doen nu maar door werken 	surprise
	TTK RT Check lol RT DuhBB: RT I'm tryna get inside a black girl tho 	disgust
	I hate that person that has an aunt uncle cousin stepdad or brother that has done something cooler than what your talking about 	anger
	 is op dit moment trending (nog) niet als ik mijn TL zie kan dat niet lang meer duren ga zelf ook maar aan de slag	surprise
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	My overweight 37 year old dad just beat me in a 200 meter race I'm feeling     	sadness
	Soooo glad that my first day back from break we're learning about penises 	surprise
	You don't under stand how much I wanted to smash some heads in tonight ahahaha ! !	anger
	“rofldrg: Logged in and did some voidwatch today Got a pile of NPC fodder ” Ha! So true _	surprise
	I really really really wanna listen to  but I don't have them on my phone yet :c 	sadness
	I wanna just fuck someone up really bad  just walk away 	anger
	My folks sent me a food care package from tiger garden!!! Awwwwwh! 	surprise
	u being forced to go to golden coral  	disgust
	I'm definitely designated driver tonight for my sisters that I lovee Too much homework to go out :( oh well Gonna be up all night!	sadness
	Can't believe  has repeated the same episode of   for the second day straight 	anger
	Ze blaft nooit!!! In ieder geval zeldenmaar wel heel alertze is gelukkig nog niet doof 	joy
	Dance rehearsal for the rest of my night 	joy
	wachten op sinterklaas met me beer die ik heb gekregen van hahaha 	surprise
	We are clearly not gonna find a cupcake shop in the East are we? 	sadness
	That feeling u get when u wanna punch the wall! 	anger
	done with tests this week but i have two papers to write tonight 	joy
	head hurts kind lonely too much work to do so tired 	sadness
	Volleyball season is over correction high school volleyball is over /3  	sadness
	ho ho ! Quel avatar ! La je ne fais pas de bisous 	fear
	Now time to write a 2 page ap world paper on something I have no idea about 	joy
	my son is still sleep thank Godctfu	surprise
	when a boy asks ' can I do the shocker?' you know he's mentally unstable 	disgust
	seriously the lack of professionalism is mindboggling some people seriously need to check themselves before I wreck em 	anger
	'A day without laughter is a day wasted' to quote Charlie Chaplin This weekend has made me see that Intend to keep this up 	joy
	Apparently i have to teach the librarians how to use adobe connect 	surprise
	Broke my perfume bottle and spilled all over the carpet Letting my room air out Sleeping in the living room tonight 	joy
	thanks James I'll speak to them Unltd has to be the way got me That caused another issue with them as I'm a high user 	surprise
	Picked up our tree from storage and then took almost two hours to decide on Christmas decor It's the most indecisive time of the year! 	joy
	Farewell goodbye so- long 	fear
	13 year old dating! Do they start that young?  	surprise
	My dad just text me asking when I'll be there today I'm not coming	surprise
	Communion next week! Blessed beyond! Now to spread god's  by giving the  of Christ in every student!  	joy
	Remember men need laughter sometimes more than food	joy
	when you come across some of your christmas presents on accident  I wanted it to be a 	surprise
	Vienna's plum cake!!!  	joy
	Wat a sick shitty day! Literally!! 	sadness
	Conveniently waking up from a nightmare  not being able to sleep again 	joy
	So I was at work and I was emptying the trash in the women's bathroom Why did I find a tube of Vagisil on the floor??? 	disgust
	Scared to love 'cause I'm scared he'll leave- Jazmine Sullivan 	fear
	it auto corrected on my phone from when I spelled it wrong in a text before !!  	anger
	this is my life right now like you don't understand   	surprise
	A Free Spirit is someone who wants to act like a whore and fool around with whoever is giving you the most compliments this week 	disgust
	The brave may not live forever but the cautious do not live at all definition of 	fear
	Not going to lie made my stomach hurt all day! 	sadness
	Not afraid of tomorrow  for I have seen yesterday and I love today LESS	fear
	Gonna have to delay some experiments and be in all weekend 'cause i fucked up  	surprise
	About to head out to my godson bday party then off to wrestle tonight so geeked for this day    :-)	joy
	Just tried deep fried pickles for the first time 	disgust
	flow like a fountain josh climbing a mountain a mountain of dryspell his everyday is a hell of  checkit	sadness
	Awww Bud I love you more RT WhoWatchin_Joe: Happy Thanksgiving to my  fan love you see at 930 oh yea 	surprise
	cup! Y U no red??? It's still the holiday season   	sadness
	We got a free diso ball ornamint and it has thongs inside ?  i thought it was candy not underwear ! !	surprise
	I dont even fuckn know! Big changesand everyone of em can suck my balls!!!!   	anger
	I'm a pimp under pressure leave my money on the dresser got bitches to  needs laid now 	sadness
	Vol verwachting klopt mijn hart (nog een aantal uren)  	surprise
	Anything done OUTSIDE relationship with Jesus is religion Live in the midst of Love 	joy
	Love Watching people get scared   its infectious just like AID's  or the fear of aids	fear
	Precalc pop quiz tomorrow -__- 	surprise
	My ipods dying :( that means no facebook or twitter till I'm off work 	sadness
	it beggars belief that he couldn't grind out 2 draws When you think we we're ahead in the Oxford game 	anger
	Kinda hard to tell someone to stop using their voice when they are the queen of car singing 	sadness
	Waiting for then I shall showerdo my hair and count down the hours til departure 	joy
	Just picked up new car  started of bad as was stuck in Bristol fartherinlaw as he got a blow out on way back with no locking nut 	joy
	Playing video games at my apartment 	joy
	I been wit for bout 5 days straight  	surprise
	Time to turn my twitter frown upside down: Michael Bublé Christmas is currently playing on my Pandora! 	joy
	Maths exam business studies exam english exam and a science exam this week 	joy
	The only motivation for me actually doing my make up work is so I can go back to cheerleading Didn't know I liked it that much 	surprise
	That awkward moment when you walk into your living room and two dogs are having sex 	disgust
	Oh the of the school  nativity play Another anchor to the seasonal magic!	joy
	I'm waiting for the moment my mom realizes that we have been watching  for almost 2 hours now 	surprise
	I'm so happy  never says she's thankful for me to be one of her best friends 	sadness
	Well I guess I should study my ten pages of science notes 	joy
	The feeling that u have knowing everything u worked for is hanging in the balance all depends on one meeting  	fear
	Watching Christmas movies and wondering what it would be like to be one of those people who spend Christmas alone 	sadness
	So excited about the impending release of Piano Carnival  Magic Piano! There's a 4 all you guys who helped us make this possible!	surprise
	It feels odd to watch American Horror Story without and 	sadness
	Love the Aldi adverts !! Jacks Xmas Fair today more tat and crap for the house 	joy
	 is booking a qantas flight and actually getting on a qantas plane   	surprise
	BUT I will be back in Cali for  on the 23rd! Aaaand there *might* be a drop-in visit to AR somewhere in there )	surprise
	Knows it is a fun night when your taxi is stopped by the police 	joy
	Morning tweeps!! Beautiful day in this amazing city of ours 1 day till the weekend 	joy
	I was just waiting for that goal to happen  not really I guess we're out!	surprise
	Ok ok I guess I can give some props Got me in a line to see breaking dawn 	surprise
	When there with another dude ad don't text u back 	anger
	what you think just by damaging car or putting opsticles will prevent me from my opinions thoughtsas long i have RED WHITE  blueNO 	fear
	One of these days we'll tire of taking digs at  InsaneSibal and others But they won't ever tire of stupidity 	sadness
	when your family order food when your !	sadness
	got the room rearranged hope the roommate likes it when he gets back haha 	surprise
	Who knows bout the feeling when ur thinking bout sumfing u wanna eat all day and wen u get home sum1 has fuckinf eat it 	anger
	it's okay I just won't get any pain pills til tomorrow cause my mom can't leave 	joy
	Have to watch 'Unforgiven' (one of my favourite films) as research for an essay about 'Preacher' (one of my favourite comic series) 	joy
	I feel your a guy in my class was drinking a monster while eating chocolate covered bread sticks dipped in fudge	disgust
	Seriously CNN? You just gave David Addington a platform to question Pres candidates as if he's some moral authority?  	disgust
	 you won't even be able to come over tomorrow either  Happy 1 month since I won't see you	joy
	Gleich muss ich als Volti Papa auch aufs Pferd und turnen  	fear
	Niggas with big dicksusually dont brag about they big dicks 	surprise
	Ryan fitzpatrick got the rock ross beard da beard	fear
	Wel eens geprobeerd een punt te maken op een levensgroot potlood??  	surprise
	i think i sweated out most of my sickness today	joy
	can't wait to ruin the dance show 	surprise
	Really don't want to turn in all my football stuff tomorrow 	sadness
	sooooooooooooo is my phone broken or something or does no one wanna reply to my texts? 	sadness
	Last unit of pickleball in high school 	sadness
	When we - We create an invisible force-field which prevents our      from visiting our !	fear
	The greatest remedy for is delay 	anger
	When your bed at home isn't as comfy as the one at school 	sadness
	We can guard our hearts so well that we're unable to let or  reach us Open  trust  	joy
	fcuk I wanted to stay at  420  damn 	anger
	yeah eindelijk heb ik mijn writer's block / bedenkers block omzeilt :D  	surprise
	I miss all the things I did I don't play trumpet anymoreI'm not singing 	sadness
	*Please dont let bad win* And let good flourish*P*L*E*A*S*E* I would love this pain to stop*2b able2smile again* I wld leap for 	joy
	waiting for santa to come round on his sleigh brings me 	joy
	Not sure why didn't play tonight and he's our 2nd leading scorer Wasn't smart and probably costed us the game 	anger
	Christmas break will be one big reward after what I've had to endure in  these past few months!    	joy
	I guess that means no date :( 	sadness
	I'm doing my usual bit of stalking Road works just woke me up and its quite sunny in bodmin whatsapp me please babe	surprise
	The male gender is way too emotional these days Stop whining crying and confessing your love on social networks 	disgust
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Aller chez une  ce week-end en ayant les ongles rongés et croutés 	fear
	Like said we confirm y'all that something huge is coming stay online this month if u don't wanna miss it 	surprise
	Guest co-hosting the Morning Show with this morning from 6 am to 10 am EST Tune in! 	surprise
	96yo FIL loves candy Halloween leftovers are all but gone including the Pop Rocks Wonder how those went over!  	surprise
	Buenas noches a todos! Despues de un ratito en la a la camita a descansar	joy
	they replaced my pet store with a good will store  	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  RevRunWisdom	fear
	Nog minder dan 2 weken schat 	surprise
	Picking up my mom from the airport today and surprising her with Thanksgiving dinner She thinks she missed it! -) 	surprise
	For a moment today the proud owner of an above ground pool called a flooded laundry room Thank you washing machine 	surprise
	you had me until the validation link for my email instantly expired and I could not attempt to try your software 	sadness
	Last class with naomi gal 	sadness
	wow six of my ten fingernails broke this week 	sadness
	I just fucking hate everything at this moment     ?  	anger
	lol!!! I got one right now and I hate that ish!!! I just hate the concept Lol 	sadness
	Gonna Sleep This Off  Good'Night My  x♥x	anger
	why isn't there a hot tub by the new pool by the dorms? 	sadness
	Omg everyone SHUT THE FUCK UP about christmas present or I'll get none of you one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -_-  !	anger
	when Matilda shoots the carrot into her brothers mouth 	surprise
	For me this isn't just a dream but a bitter reality 	sadness
	The holiday season just rocks!  	joy
	I Gotta Put On Like 20 Diff Shower Caps Just So Ion Get My Hair Wet In Dhaa shower  Lmbo 	sadness
	I think we go for people we know aren't right on purpose out of of ever having anything real	fear
	Putain j'en veux trop a ma mère Après le coup du jean quelle m'a déchiré J'ai un SEUM de fou Jlaimais bien( le Jean hein) 	sadness
	In the Spot about to rock the Mic for This Party  BDAY CC  is here 	surprise
	Have seen Fashion WYR Kaminey and yet her gutsy approach to Susanna took me aback PRIYANKA in 7 Khoon Maaf  	surprise
	I wonder how busy work will be tonight with this snow	joy
	My phone is inactive so I dont get 's tweets unless I check twitter :/ 	sadness
	Love getting home to my little cousins sleeping over! 	surprise
	two naps later and I still feel like I'm suffering from a really bad hangover 	joy
	My Juicy Couture rainboots are ripped What can I do with them? I have never thrown out anything Juicy not starting now 	sadness
	Am in the best real ale pub since the  	joy
	you should be excited you're in CHICAGO! But I can't go to water tower place tonight : ( 	sadness
	Je n'ai jamais été aussi à la bourre pour écrire une plaidoirie  	fear
	trist følese og ha sett alle friday night lights for andre 2 gangmå vell vente noen mnd før jeg ser alt på nytt 	sadness
	I WISH Not taking Driver's Ed til summer :(	sadness
	butbut U can't go I would miss u Your my fake girlfriend I fake love you  sorry	sadness
	I guess I'm about to call it a night Stupid Netflix isn't working again 	surprise
	WHAM'S LAST CHRISTMAS IS TRENDING *O* i'd be listening to it if i wasn't listening to the mars volta 	surprise
	should come to my home because i am terribly bored 	sadness
	Our turkey still had the head and feet on it and my mom didn't know when she opened it Best thanksgiving morning 	surprise
	so apparently i have a 15 page research paper due wednesday at noon !	surprise
	Feelin a bit sad tonight 	surprise
	I remember this feeling I remember me it for 6 years straight  now a year later it back 	disgust
	Oh my lanta What a good start to break lessonsadventuressmallgroupbabes 	joy
	Back in MTL but I really wish I still was in NYC seeing for the last time at the CHURCH OF MARS 	sadness
	U never know what ur good at till you try! Don't let  control ur life! Attack ur fears!  	fear
	After Doug's sermon on Peace this morning we start observing the third week of Advent: Joy  	joy
	Making This Money For My Event !	joy
	Sad day tomorrow Won't have time to watch Cotto-Margarito II  	sadness
	Are you allowing to sabotage Your Empowering  ? Give it back! 2 Timothy 2:7 	fear
	cuddling shmuddling I'm gonna dive bomb belly flop on ya 	surprise
	 bring back Harry H I miss you already 	anger
	Tears is just tears if its because of love But it'll be special tears if its because of un-Lucky girl ): 	sadness
	What brings me is being part of a happy loving family after all the heartache we've been through the last few years xx	joy
	1st biggest is getting stolen 2nd would be becoming obese 3rd would be have an evil spirit messing with my life !	fear
	zo naar Sacha lekker shoarma eten en daarna taart cake en koekjes bakken voor morgen avond 	surprise
	Courage is knowing what not to fear - Plato   	fear
	Went home for lunch and shovelled snow 	joy
	For the first time in 10 years I have a desk that my legs fit under 	joy
	I wish everyone could see the look on the face of as she listens to 'Wait' from Ying Yang Twins for the first time 	disgust
	This movie adjusment bureau is crazydude goin fool and he aint even taste the smack smh 	sadness
	Another party at work another one full of cunts 	surprise
	Anger is something that we all experience but can cause problems in relationships  quality of life if it gets out of control 	anger
	Is ur child a worry wart? Here is a tip from Wilma Jean the Worry Machine Genuinely accept your child’s    	fear
	☑ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Feeling so tired That I can't sleep All these emotions running through my body 	sadness
	my rolex finally got to the right time so I had to sleep in it to keep it rolling in fear it will stop time again 	sadness
	i really need to start unfollowing people people meeee	disgust
	Today is a good day except wishing I was home 	sadness
	So for you people who are filled with fear that I might someday be released: breathe easy I don't see it happening& 	fear
	One week left until sweet Xmas holidays 	joy
	Finally gave in - put put all the flip flops away and moved the winter clothes to the front of the closet Must not weep 	sadness
	Straight up hoes in ferguson! girl bouncing from guy to guy in the auditorium 	disgust
	I hope for America that the American Music Awards don't really represent American music   	disgust
	haha definitely! My roomie (not the one I usually mention but another one) said Santana deserved the outing 	anger
	There's a guy in the bathroom next to my room placing tiles His radio just played Everybody by the Backstreet Boys 	joy
	Ain't shaving til Jan 1the bread	fear
	Ada mi cuma na simpan ☺ RT AndiNilasari: klo kaya itu sdh adami skrg  tiffany ring d jari ku kk :( | -- chiwankmatto	surprise
	The lady now sitting next to me has atrocious handwriting From what I can make out I think she's in the medical profession 	surprise
	If you walk by faith You will not live in 	fear
	Couple of douches in the back row for  and shitty sound guys were kind of distracting A bigger venue is also needed	fear
	Frequent service my add 52 	anger
	  Being sick! :-( and Monday Both of which are inevitable tomorrow 	sadness
	I fear that one day I will wake up and all my nightmares will come true and I will loose everyone so dear to me 	fear
	I really can't be nice to some people without them getting the wrong idea 	sadness
	can't say I'm a fan of other road users today 	anger
	Starbucks in a little to work on project with friends 	joy
	I think your twitter has frozen i can't read the tweets your sending me jokes you don't tweet me :'( 	sadness
	le camera has left Jacksonville my netbook on the other hand is conveniently lost in space 	joy
	Break! A FedEx guy is knocking on your door He has a box for you Sign for it  receive it! 	joy
	Being protective is not being controlling it just means you can tell when someone is tryna take something away from u  	anger
	The biggest obstacle to  in your life right now is your lack of  is absence of faith   	fear
	haha your text that said Yup ? and so do i going w/ yulia bc we have to take a psych test at like 6:15 	joy
	so my foots asleep and i am deathly scared a random lighter is gonna come out and attack it lol  	fear
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	Don't beat them down too bad! Lol	sadness
	I can't believe I went and watched Breaking Dawn without a date 	sadness
	have a great day  hope all goes well tonight!!   	surprise
	here's a good joke: verizon customer support!!  	anger
	and  have equivalent power The first moves you backward and the second moves you forward 	fear
	Puppies are loving   Be  for puppies on   all the they bring   will smile too	joy
	Rihanna  Chris Brown head to head againoh shit Rihanna   lol	surprise
	 voted yes on maintaining current gun laws: guns sold without trigger locks   	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen& and I love today 	fear
	I just love learning about health insurance at 1am not! There is only so much that is interesting about insurance 	joy
	Don't let the of your  or the  of your Future  Ruin the  of your  	sadness
	needs to stop tweeting repulsive things 	anger
	had a dream with rob in it we were working out with some twi cast where rob ended up injuring a finger 	surprise
	lesson of the day: don't ever try to any member of my family -_-	surprise
	Studying!!!!!! tomorrow i have my up placement test 	fear
	Just spent $100 in gift baskets for my parents and grandparents 	surprise
	gotta get up in 6 hours to ride a plane 	joy
	“Only one thing is more frightening than speaking your truth And that is not speaking” by   	fear
	Ben Howard- sounds pretty good	fear
	2 hours of sleep in the past 36 hours? 	joy
	Joy of joys the crisis team are stopping by 	joy
	I feel as though you are trying to indirectly insult me 	sadness
	I know the usual feeling of being wolf whistled is flattered But when its two old fat guys It feels more like a wave of 	disgust
	True story: I have never seen Ohio State beat Michigan I am like a curse on all sports franchises 	sadness
	y do females let ex's run them into a lonely ass whole while he still out doin homei dnt kno if i shud smh at him or her 	disgust
	GOOD NEWS: I'm shouting on my colleague Good News her Husband just recv'd 3 job offers paying over a 100000yr  God Is Awesome!! 	joy
	for tying that knot so tight for tying that knot so tight for getting it untied just in time of Sweatpant Knots	joy
	Looks like I'll be stranded at the airport once I land in Newark 	joy
	Amazing my whole week is going to be spent practically at school 	joy
	Ya callenseee ya se que todos van a chalet hoy :( 	sadness
	The best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear!   it makes me miss you!	joy
	Hectic work day and back tomorrow 	joy
	the awkward moment when your going to red robin with your family and you are a vegetarian 	joy
	I hope she can stay I would miss her 	sadness
	so  get everything and those who choose not to be pay the price for NOT being assholes 	anger
	First failure = big deal!!! :(	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Never been more embarrassed by United this season 1)vs City 2) Humiliated  out CLUnthinkable and unimaginable!  	anger
	lone wolves 13  9 11  terrorist  terrorsit radical   them up 	fear
	“drakellaj: I hope you know that y'all the reason I have fun still )': 3drake	fear
	Working on a necklace design!  	joy
	I think my team lost at trivia :-( 	sadness
	Thrice isn't breaking up But essentially they are ): The spring tour will be their last Oh my heart is crushed ): 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you're excited your boobs grew a whole cup size but it's only just your time of the month 	sadness
	get to go spend the day with the other side of the family today unfortunately there is nothing to do and they all smoke 	joy
	Today WILL be a great daynot letting ANYONE take my   so if u on that BS 	joy
	Why must you go to sleep early? I wait all day to talk to you 	sadness
	Upstairs people dropping the F-bomb  beating the crap out of stuff at 11:46 AM 	joy
	Such a messy girl RT erinava: Coffee all over my Bill Russell book :'( 	sadness
	Eating alone this is big step for me 	fear
	prepare for the reality that counter terrorism is here to stay   	fear
	I can't find the lights for the Christmas tree:c 	sadness
	Finding Eternity Arouses Reactions Freeing Excellence Affects Reality 	fear
	staging environment private server logged in to back-end CMS opening the front-end in new window too many connections WTF? 	sadness
	hates waking up when Im in a deep sleep :(	sadness
	EW You'll drink a cherry coke but not a diet coke? 	disgust
	ya en casa despues de una noche de jangueo maximo en la ahora a comer algo y a descansar que a las 2 hay que comer en casa de los iaios	joy
	Mother fucking bullshit They put me in the god damn middle seat This is gonna be a long fucking flight 	anger
	I want to meet people from LOST but I probably never will 	sadness
	All I want for Christmas are tattoos and music gear 	surprise
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	If I never see any of the babes or bros after they leave for college I will be upset I will find you all when I am in college 3 	sadness
	There are 85 episodes of Knight Rider on Netflix I just squealed cried swore and peed my pants a little 	joy
	god just saw a sad animal commercial 	sadness
	Joda estoy esperando en el cuarto de mi hmna con las luces apagadas para que cuando llegue prenderle la velita :) 	surprise
	Every time we update ADT and the tools or SDK it costs me like a day of frustration and work stoppage  !	fear
	Lol I actually danced with a white guy last night 	surprise
	well today i found out that i will not be going to college i will probably live at my parents forever and die alone 	joy
	Currently dealing with second worst haircut of my adult life The first was the haircut I walked into this place to fix 	sadness
	three papers due this week and now a stomach virus as well  	joy
	When people fall asleep while you're texting them 	sadness
	I'm hoping you wished for a snow day tomorrow? cuzz i missed it 	sadness
	Only a couple more hours until I'm seeing Mamma Mia :) Better glam myself up 	surprise
	So Im Under 100 pounds at age 19 (almost 20) and I live in the South PS  I dont have a fat ass 	sadness
	top!!! Trop heureuse d'avoir rencontré !!! Un super moment peux pas en dire plus  	surprise
	can affect your reasoning Even brave men can lose their  for a time if injured or exhausted	fear
	Sumtymz I feel like I have no true frndz! I'm putting my guard up n keepin it thr!!** no1 but god	fear
	Had to leave my friends for my theatre class 	sadness
	soo this growing natural isnt tht bad but ima change my hair up 	surprise
	my girl told me she downloaded and she rated it a little above 5 starsWaiting on the new project	fear
	Please don't don't scared of me 	fear
	I am SO happy the new   came out in time for my birthday this weekend! My inner 7-year-old cannot WAIT!  	joy
	I love writing and recieving letters 	joy
	Time to finish this 5+ page papper  study for my 8am exam tomorrow 	joy
	Ben al een uur bezig en heb nog nie een de helft genaaid !! 	surprise
	GOD IS GOOD2011 IS NOT OVER AND HE PROMISED ME AN INCREASE IN THIS YEARI SERVE A GOD WHO ALWAYS KEEPS HIS PROMISES YOU HEAR ME	joy
	Just bought a treat for some friends and when I delivered found out they just became a sponsor 	joy
	lmfao meno was kicking rio tryna make him cry so i went out there n punched him dead in his stomach 	surprise
	my day consists of working from 1-10 driving in snow and studying for math 	joy
	 4 HEART   activities   4 our city   is ANOINTED 4 its principalities JESUS REIGNS 	joy
	Dropping an insanely drunk kid on a completely random porch at 5:30 in the morning to pass out  	surprise
	We're having people round tonight 	joy
	I get to take home the little baby this weekend 	joy
	yeah! 5 euro beltegoed gewonnen met   :) Nice!	surprise
	 Je re Vendredi Ou samedi Matin J'espere ramené en pour une  digne de ce nom	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	So chuffed for safc fans! Bet me dar comes in mortz from the match 	joy
	Church then mommy and me time!! decorating for christmas 3 	joy
	This man is coding get me a box of kittens stat! God JD I miss you so much 	sadness
	thank you for holding we apologise for the delay we are very busy at the moment but will answer as soon as possible 	anger
	you need to hurry up and come home! I'm craving me some cheese dip! :( 	sadness
	I can not wait till factor I LOVE THAT SHOW!!!!!! Missed watching it :-)	fear
	Internship essay 2 days of internship  3 finals next week and THAT IS IT for fall '11! THEN Miami for a few days  THEN  :D :D	joy
	Putting more color in my hair tomorrow for school  basically Laundry plus getting ready for school again 	joy
	heb net nieuwe oorbellen lipgloss faundation en veel meer :D	surprise
	 when you watch a guy scratch his nuts with the look of on your face 	disgust
	Started off the day with my boyfriends 90 lb yellow lab expressing too much love by jumping on me and crushing my legs 	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	When I was Little I had Problems Bad as Hell lol I grew outta that shit doeUntil I get  Off fareal	anger
	Have to get checked for a thyroid or blood sugar problem 	joy
	Did you write that? Bro you can post some of my tweets as your own I don't mind RTDaneCook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	It's a great feeling when you wakeup and don't have a cluster to study for 	joy
	 gone get some tonite!!!! From a boy surprise !!	surprise
	This weekend is full of laundry and studying 	joy
	Food tec exam tomo because I really care about bread production	joy
	Llore pero de risa Marjorie_rigaud: mi hermana no confia en mi yo tanto q la quiero pero 	sadness
	I can't get over this Fuuuccckk why'd she dieeeeee And then die for real 4 years before I was born 	sadness
	I just went Ham on these people just for texting me i need management	anger
	Chunky had no idea baby  peraginee	surprise
	I WAS LITERALLY THINKING THE SAME THING But only my bangs purple But i think i might do it _______ 	surprise
	Up extra early to finish homework 	joy
	Thanks TTC Now you've driven me listen to Break Stuff  	anger
	its because our social lives are decreasing  TOO MUCH BLOODY WORK !! 	anger
	I hate goodbyes  I hope I don't get one soon !!! 	fear
	Seek not happiness too greedily and be not fearful of happiness ~ Lao tzu   	fear
	Eww I hate hearing people eat Sitting in a room with three people eating plus two dogs = 	disgust
	So today was my last Christmas play I'll ever have at my school 	sadness
	eating peanut butter with a spoon straight out of the jar 	joy
	You didn't mention anything about doing it! You just left too early 	sadness
	I wish I was at least a tiny bit artistic :/ 	sadness
	Yesterday i have the best dream! Khloe replay to and i were so happy! It was SO real! 	sadness
	Just spent ages doing a really good post on tumbr and it just vanished! -_- 	anger
	 with the night has more in store baby :) 	surprise
	resting early wasn't as well-received as i hoped to be night everyone xx	sadness
	That's good news so am i for a change! 	joy
	That Freaky moment when you are turning your vehicle at high speed and you suddenly seem to lose control 	fear
	shit i hit 1503 tweets just now i didnt even notice when i hit 1500 :( 	sadness
	okay i love you hun see you at 5:30 for practice -__- 	joy
	Young Pilgrim is such a fantastic piece of work Charlie Simpson is a genius and I'm seeing him next year! 	joy
	There was a penny today in my food at Jack N The Box 	disgust
	John Arne Riise flattens the man who once flattened him with a golf club 	joy
	Chewing gum lost sweetness in 5 mins :( 	sadness
	Love turn in2  atehate turn in2 	fear
	is this really how im spending my first night of Thanksgiving Break?   	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Realtalk!	fear
	I don't wanna goo to school :'( !!!  	sadness
	The smell of a coconut scented candle from Yankee Candle burning for then first time since I bought it  	joy
	 is like a heavenly Shower soaked in instant gifts that can change lives ~~INspiredGude Inspired_Guide	joy
	Ben nu een heel fucking woordenboek aan het uithollen wtf hahah 	surprise
	gvd z'n vleesthermometer kost maar 3 euro dan moet ik dus heel creatief zijn met de overige 17 euro! 	surprise
	can't wait to have dinner! Ps we will actually be on time today :))	surprise
	Lord thank you for        and the list goes on! Be  for  today!	joy
	i hate when im looking for my asians and i cant find them in all their usual spots 	sadness
	The MidSeason Finale was the most inhumane human ending EVER!      	sadness
	Well Both are fine I'm not though Khenso and I stayed up all night last night waiting for you to call 	sadness
	The  that has planned is mere hours away What do you all think it is?	surprise
	And then I am reading positive reactions of people who want to help me with my book by contributing their input 	joy
	Word sir!!! RT drmikemurdock:  ~  Your DependsOn What You Are Willing To Ignore    	joy
	Ya un Orga il mdoii 200Balle maii il faii le maliin a pa Rep Kil continue heiiin 	surprise
	Happy twitties: what to do- 2day had tearful breakup with ex- no more contact etc- lots of crying moving on- any ideas? 	sadness
	I am so thankful that God gave you a beautiful  It brings me 	joy
	Missing my boyfriend my family and friends really bad tonight 	sadness
	People really should be able to turn their emotions off they just mess things up!!:(( 	sadness
	I cant stand a fake ass bitch/niggaugh	disgust
	You think you've seen it all And then a man sit next to you on the overground and flosses his teeth with pleasure -- 	disgust
	The first day it snows and I almost get stuck in the ditch It's going to be a long winter for me 	joy
	Stuck in the medical room with two year 7s boasting about how many detentions they have 	joy
	Finally finished one out of 3 parts of my assignments 	joy
	Man these lasts two weeks have really screwed me up Time to get back in the gym pronto! I'm officially down to a 4 pack 	sadness
	The oven just gave out Guess we're having undercooked chicken 	joy
	america is the new north korea china germany and russia we're the military controlled self-spying censoring paranoid antagonists 	fear
	So so so tiredand I do not feel good	joy
	Courage is knowing what not to fear & Plato     	fear
	Une des mes plus grandes tristesses est le fait que pour la première fois je dois changer de pantalon de guindaille 	sadness
	will be arriving at crib n bout an hour Got sumthn special 4 ha! 	surprise
	hate that im the only black girl who have acne problems 	sadness
	enjoy Hun I have to start packing my stuff up for big office move 	joy
	The gift that keeps on givin for like a week RT But i really just got him a cold for his birthday :-O 	surprise
	roanoke for the night for some christmas show with the brady bunch 	joy
	The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true  -Martha Beck	fear
	Ew- why is my dad's yard worker being such a creep ! 	disgust
	is the serving dish for the great Entree called 	fear
	My 4000th tweet was full of and  sorry that  brought me down from this monumental event!	anger
	Why are you sad? RT EmmMcCarty1915: -shakes head-	sadness
	My grandparents are coming with on the cruise!! They said they couldn't miss it :) 	surprise
	And its 60 degrees in  today? RT Christmas lights goin UP UP UP!!!!   	joy
	I know utterly terrible the BBC will be hearing from me :) lol 	anger
	Oh hey your giving me a ride tomorrow 	surprise
	SPent 3 hours in Starbucks discovering what ARC does in  	joy
	 my when I find out  dat som1 I trusted plunged a knife nmy backNow imagine dis sam person thinkin I owe them 	surprise
	I Get Along With Strong Ppl Who Don't Let Others Talk Down On Them 	joy
	Up early going  on a unitplan all dey like IDGAF NS on Friday for a monthlong break of school Thermal Physics  Bio class in Jan 	joy
	Awwww Casey doesn't have a hot bi sister 	sadness
	IM GONNA MISS MY UNLIMITED DATA 	sadness
	gosh DAMNITjust got of work -___-  i gotta DICK full of homework  a SACK full of 	sadness
	Usually south park can get me laughing but not today 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Officially put in my two weeks notice at work!  	joy
	On a train towards the Wharfand there's signalling problems 	joy
	another night ending with me crying? 	surprise
	wij hebben hier net een levensgrote grote Patrick geknutseld Pot knalroze verf weggewerkt 	surprise
	Walking doesn't count as working out It barely counts as moving 	disgust
	And so it beginsthe countdown to a  and the possibility of an almost-new life  	fear
	comes from inability to change or control the situation 	anger
	Dad just ruined a whole movie night because my mom didnt make enough food today 	anger
	The moment when u get thru ur whole timeline  hit refresh  ur like dang aint no more to read! RT if ya know the feeling lol :)	sadness
	I like watching play Gears of War 	anger
	Ever get the feeling you're not good enough? I do every day 	sadness
	i have this old acne scar on my neck all my coworkers think it's a hickey i just say 'no it was a zit' 	sadness
	I was terrified as well It made me not ever want to celebrate Christmas in Middle Earth  	fear
	Tomorrow I take my shop-happy sister to Atlanta at least I get a Georgia Tech ticket out of this	joy
	cool thanks mate I've yours too Hope you like oranges :) 	surprise
	I'm getting such bad cramps  on top of it I'm so sick ____ and have tons  tons of laundry to do! 	joy
	“Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy” ~  Thich Nhat Hanh	joy
	The boys are out doing boy-things the baby is asleep the sun is shining I am by the lido about to read papers and have fab breakfast 	joy
	i really want this dress from asos but its from the petite range :'( 	anger
	what i heard RT MarleyMagaziner: bf's thoughts on lana del rey show that was the worst thing I've ever done  	surprise
	Woke up craving warm gooey chocolate chip cookies Alas there are none to be had  	sadness
	Megabus is an absolute joy I love when they're 30 mins late  you're freezing then tell you direct to London then stop at Sheffield!! 	joy
	Uuuugh 7 week old weave!!!!! Now that's just nasty!!!!! 	disgust
	Um did I miss the eclipse? What the hey :( 	sadness
	Come let us sing for joy to the LORD let us shout aloud to the Rock of our salvation Psalm 95:1 	joy
	aww max gaat in de kast liggen en als ik er dan langs loop valt ie me aan 	surprise
	The Scary Moment when your teacher says that they're gonna start calling on random people 	fear
	 when no footballer wanted to risk contesting for a ball in the air with Bensela of Head	fear
	I'm going to head home tonight but I told my mom I was coming tomorrow 	surprise
	you switched to iPhone!!!! had no idea gotta delete u a a bbm contact now! 	sadness
	That moment when you see your friend in a commercial Hahahaha! 	surprise
	Weather related tweet! 	anger
	I left my room for 5 mins and came back to see you IM me	surprise
	first day of not wearing my cross necklace since i got it and i'm not getting it back til christmas 	sadness
	I will not tolerate divisions of any sort ANY sort Its safer not 2jump on bandwagons besides what did the band do 2U personally?	anger
	J Rice song on play list repeat repeat singing out my feeling    	fear
	muahaha i have a visit to make to some of my friends tomorrow 	surprise
	much of my prayer focuses on my of the world Like I don't believe 1 John 44-He who is in you is greater than he who is in the world	fear
	Ever fell in love with an article of clothing-only to wait too late to buy it hope that skirt turns up on ebay	sadness
	Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass It is about learning to dance in the rain   RTInspired_Ones	joy
	and the headache is back for the fifth time today 	joy
	Op dit moment is Man United uitgeschakeld in de CL!! 	surprise
	Really wish I was at home right now with an endless cup of tea  a good book on my Kindle app In Bed 	joy
	fuck old school they shouldnt even be allowed on tv! 	anger
	my room is always a mess after getting ready 	anger
	Will love ever come her way? Can a man find his way into her heart? Afraid Of Love s      	fear
	Oh god the drunken disorderlyness on Sat night was outrageous  the has set in nicely! Hope u had a good one 	fear
	The moment when youre drunk and find out that your shreddin whis tomorrow 	surprise
	I NEED a good romantic quote for something special 	surprise
	Anna and I are hanging with the Bailey Bunch at the U of M volleyball game   	joy
	I feel so tired and sick 	sadness
	large crowds of manic football fans  mascots 	fear
	You know Brian's bed is really lonely without him in it He'd rather play video games :( 	sadness
	Is snotty achey and has a cough like a dog and now am going to an ICT course 	joy
	History wasn't so bad! Now the last exam on tuesday! And that would be NS! 	joy
	Laundry Preppin for trip to Florida next week Too bad it's only for business	joy
	Brown bag special 	surprise
	In school and want something to eat very badly! 	sadness
	I keep smiling in the face of because I know my GODS near I will never let this world break me down!	fear
	someone went to record JS's parts and mix it with mine w/o telling me b4hand hahahaha it's pretty neat^^ 	surprise
	We would have Pam the Ham on the longest bus ride ever 	joy
	Tomorrow my parents wedding aniversary  ~~^o^~~  	surprise
	I have a fear that when I order diet coke  they will give me real coke a cola 	fear
	That is so sick What kinda girl pierces her vagina??? 	disgust
	I live my life in cuz ain't tryna get stung out here YA FEEL ME	fear
	Already mad that tomorrow is going to suck  do I do?:/	sadness
	The things that bring you the greatest are in alignment with your  	joy
	Its 7:30am!! And I can see your armpit sweat spreading on your top like a tidal wave!! Why the eff do U have Armpit sweat at 7:30!  	disgust
	Some people on twitter actually believe all the things they say on twitter ~ 	sadness
	Im not little casper -____- im NOT a ghost nor any type of creatureIm human	joy
	Mstwwjux listening 2 listening to Ferguson and Ferdinand on Euro sportwlh!	anger
	thankful 2 God 4 all the angels He surrounds my family with Don't know how they keep their wings tucked under their shirts!  	joy
	SAD I'm effin sad!!! How can life be so unfair? :( 	sadness
	Een ware Sint in-en uittocht achter de rug Winkel IN winkel UIT winkel IN winkel UIT! 	surprise
	Pretty sure you  need to breed your new pet squirrel and give me an offspring to your dad	surprise
	Nano recall and i can't find mine owhereowhereowhere?? 	anger
	Fear is only as deep as the mind allows' — Japanese Proverb  	fear
	Just finished prep for mums 50th I'm SO ! May pass out into the tirimassu	surprise
	my sissy in law been cooking all day  	joy
	homies all go to ride ponies I look at them like a sad puppy  	sadness
	He runs from falls into the pit!	fear
	I'm feeling more blessed today than yesterdayanyone else there too?  	joy
	Probably about to go freeze my ass off at soccer 	joy
	Made me go through hell when she and him were going through heaven 	disgust
	I'd rather staple my eye lids shut than watch this garbage At least if my eyes are sewn shut I can pretend there's optimism afoot	disgust
	stay tuned for our special  for you that you wont want to miss details coming in the next few days	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Heeft iemand die dicht bij mij woont een schoenendoos voor mij? Zo een waar laarzen in hebn gezete	surprise
	Can't wait to see Mothers face tomorrow She's not expecting me home till Wednesday 	surprise
	 eighth grade red team memories 	sadness
	Wat zit er vanmorgen in mijn schoen? Een paar sokken van Bonnie Doon!&   	surprise
	Not cool being this cold all the time I'm literally blue and the heating is on full blast:| 	joy
	 because threatened to burst into the bathroom and take pics of me having a shit!!!  	fear
	tell a barber nah i'm waiting on him to cut my hair  watch the expression on his face 	sadness
	Diyasul: Is he cumin out again!!! surprise RT SenBash yeah! That's what he said In Kaduna	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	SICKIE! Been in Smalls' bed all day Actively trying to get better by doing nothing      	sadness
	This one direction thing is actually pretty interesting 	surprise
	The soundtrack of 'Love Ka The End'  Okay okay I know its by THE RAM SAMPATH but Delhi Belly hadnt arrivedchill	surprise
	As I type I get texts baby is fine (moving  heart beating) Since she is O- they've given a RH shot to be safe THE BABY IS FINE! 	joy
	U will meet two  but don't they both work faw 	fear
	RReally fun break now back to school tomorrow to get screamed at 	joy
	imagine that portugal the man and smashing pumpkins are playing in vienna and i'm not going to either one 	sadness
	Gay guy at work arguing that gay men shouldn't be able to give blood and that women have lower sex drives! 	anger
	School physics trip with *o* 	joy
	If a guy causes tears  they should be tears of not 	joy
	That awkward moment when you find a perfume box full of sensors! 	surprise
	why are people so upset over this  bill? how are we supposed to know what to if the gov't can't control all information we see?	fear
	I miss the days when we got time outs for 15mins instead now we get grounded for weeks at a time 	sadness
	Adam van Kouverden at Sinclair! Ohh and I'm doing sound? 	surprise
	date checking frozen section :( its never rotated properly :'( 	sadness
	i hate seeing people cry makes me wanna cry 	sadness
	cool mom thanks for putting a stuffed animal rat in my backpack 	surprise
	any other time I have free reign to the kitchen but today I'm not allowed? 	sadness
	Out side of school Mrs Weaver is a cool person 	surprise
	Lmao Cute RT ThaMagicTouch: The thingy is kinda cute tho RT Thee_Tyson: RT AliHMirza:  = Forget Everything and Rap	fear
	super tempting However thats like 4 hours away 	sadness
	Amen RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Red polo hat Mickey mouse necklace can't wait to see witch one I get me!	surprise
	Awesome shopping trip with and :) I only got one thing! 	surprise
	you better take some time out of you oh so busy life and make some time for me  	sadness
	★Good day★ Keep sunshine in ur heart  soul even if the weather doesn't cooperate w/ ur mood!   	joy
	People talk about things being awkward awkwardness only enters a situation if you allow it too awkwardness comes from 	fear
	If mac miller fucking remixes another eminem song I will die You sir have forever ruined a classic  	anger
	im in mr lacher class and I miss OUR class!!!! 	sadness
	alot of ppl r sad that their brother is going to college  leaving them well im sad i cant sell my brother on e-bay shit 	sadness
	Goood Thing Coach Gibson Loves Me Cause I'm Late Every Single Day  	sadness
	What did the cat use to cut his lawn? A lawn meower!   	sadness
	Big Time Rush there my    	joy
	Singing the Gallery in Hendon tonight! 	joy
	I'm tempted to turn off my phone and ignore most everyone /:  	sadness
	Wedding at my house today!! 	surprise
	have nothing else to look fwd to Atleast sixers play hard unlike our other team 	sadness
	Phantom goes down an absolute treat 	surprise
	Demain je me tape encore histoire avec mon prof pervers 	fear
	We all have a  voice a story& duty to those silenced with fear& and misconception to stand strong against tides of 	fear
	hahaha so pissed today so pissed yesterday 	anger
	Never to early for a red stripe!! All aboard Chewys  birthday 	surprise
	trying to write a lesson plan I'm new to this and apparentyl I SUCK!! 	sadness
	no footballers on the sports personality of the year top 10 	surprise
	never let your fear decide your fate      	fear
	My brother just saw Bananas In Pajamas on the tv planner we put it on and gasped in disgust at what we saw! WHAT IS THIS!  	disgust
	National spill your drink day in 3rd lunch 	surprise
	Sn00ki I was lucky enough to sit front row for the taping You looked gorgeous Sad you couldn't stick around for pics after wrap 	sadness
	Sooo tired but can't fall asleep 	sadness
	as I only have a PS3 it's the only thing I can play it on but I would prefer that BC2 disc :) 	joy
	factor use to be the best game show to watch	fear
	Estar en fotografía mirar a la clse de volumen y ver a una chica con la camiseta d rosa  QUIEN COÑO ES?	surprise
	Twerk Team? Oh okanother strip club anthem for the youth! 	sadness
	 if 5 different friends invite you to a party at your parents house don't go its a trap 	surprise
	Staying up with Heidi!! :) Love her will miss her so much next semester!! 	sadness
	Hope I make & teacher cry 	surprise
	i know ima get sick on that plane tomorrow 	fear
	Im going to go give a visit to a friend of mine tomorrow 	surprise
	My NYX supposed matte nail polish is omitting a slight shine  	anger
	Every time I hear someone smack while I'm eating I lose my appetite 	disgust
	kinda sad brunos leaving and we wont get home cooked meals errrdau 	sadness
	lol I know it said error replying but it go thru sometimes And not 3hrs ago gosh lol& Raggidy Anne lookin ass 	sadness
	That's all you've been able to extract from Bojan's open letter to Gazzetta?No comment 	sadness
	I feel like I did something wrong I feel bad 	sadness
	surprise steak? Is it a chicken pretending to be a steak? 	surprise
	New bit of kit just turned up at work should I open it now or wait til I get home? 	surprise
	Everytime I think of you I get a burning feeling inside  i think that might be  so I'm lettin it go along w u	anger
	Verschoven naar andere datumkomt eigenlijk wel goed uitbezig met planning verjaardagsfeest zoon die 20 wordt  )	surprise
	Een  als toffee? Twee x draien mey papier klaar! 	surprise
	lostening to paradise so many memories of last weekend gotta be the weekend anthem!!  	sadness
	Whoops keep forgetting that my grandma doesn't know about the tattoo up my side 	surprise
	So jealous of the kids seeing tonight alive tmmrrw 	sadness
	we just finished and he did real good! 	surprise
	Mango face mask on Let the pampering begin 	joy
	im actually in a decent mood this morning 	surprise
	follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves-Buddha 	joy
	Love watching my daughter be so excited around Christmas  	joy
	Some1 just told me that they've never seen raiders of the lost ark or godfather but loved twilight I can no longer speak to them 	disgust
	therapeutics till my eyes bleed 	joy
	This is the first year I won't be a crazy on black Friday 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you just want to punch a baby 	anger
	Best part about living in Portmore I get to leave my house at 6am! :D *sarcastic smile*	joy
	follow me back - thts the least you cud do since you dnt talk to me anymore :(:( 	sadness
	Morgen ook begin met maken voor vrijdag - mama's nemen elkaar in de maling :-)  - en motie afschrijven  Laterzzz	surprise
	 wait it's eaten with a coconut? Lmao I don't remember I haven't had it in a decade! 	sadness
	Taylor Swift won again-_-   she always acts so shocked!Bitch you knew you were gonna win! Sit your ass down  chill out	surprise
	A oui le melangeur je branche ma souris le son chrome monte je la debranche le son baisse 	fear
	About to have jet black hair in about twenty minutes  Can see how dark it looks already 	fear
	If your a girl and you smoke alot of weed you me	disgust
	To all 23 of my loyal followers I know you expected big things but is faggot who can't answer me back  	fear
	If I don't like someone they know it by my language body language and facial expressions because im bad I hiding 	disgust
	Really need to sort my sleeping pattern out Gonna be a zombie tomorrow 	joy
	Got a letter from this afternoon Brightened my day after taking my third final  THANK YOU 	joy
	lol he finally listened and is currently being a morning grump 	joy
	Sunday nights are the worse I hate school 	sadness
	is that little bit of early summer you get with your strawberry shower gel when it's snowing outside	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Watching family movies always makes me a bit nervous that there will suddenly be a cut away to my parents having an intimate moment 	fear
	RIP to Patrice O'Neal A great comic that was taken from us far too soon A brilliant  talented entertainer HE WILL BE MISSED! 	sadness
	Ecoute l'album de son ptit bn de bel inconnu mais c'est que c'est très très bon 	surprise
	That awkward moment when someone stabs you in the back and they think you don't know but you do 	surprise
	all I care bout is money  fuck you bitches y'all ain't notting ! 	joy
	haha! We wanted it to be a great  I were so proud of ourselves when we saw your reaction! 	surprise
	so I'm back for like 5 daysworkin' at cfact and you don't even come visit :( 	sadness
	A study suggests that laptop computers equipped with WiFi could be damaging to men's sperm 	fear
	Picking Sarah up from school 	surprise
	due today Also the rent	surprise
	Is Miller considered as alcohol these days? Lol so much for quitting drinking This 1 is taking forever to finish Lame party!!! 	surprise
	Who put together the orphan video from the service? Great job! The song in it was from a chicago band sleepingatlast! 	surprise
	Waow ! Flippant le dossier Personnes sans nom dans Picasa  Un trombi géant avec tout les gens présents sur tes photos 	fear
	Think I window shop online just to depress myself  	sadness
	i can't watch KKTNY cause i don't have cable ): 	sadness
	Anyone surprised we've proof of yet another lie from dear leader Obama   Now we're told there was Ayers fundraiser 	surprise
	Horrible PI callagain  Why do the Lions even show up? Refs already decided what will happen 	anger
	I have my Junior Meeting today 	joy
	Get to work from five to ten today 	joy
	Ahaha!! I don't talk TOO much just Dominate!!  MrFranklin101: WE READY!! : the Capricorn  quiet 	fear
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	I hate people with really shit taste in music! Seriously shut up!! 	anger
	“Eden_Lynn: Lmfao I woke up this morning and woke her up and she started moaning surprise” oh I heard it! smh	surprise
	My roommates are making me feel bad for not participating in their Secret Santa :(  	sadness
	Had an awesome weekend with the girlfriend 	surprise
	je viens de montrer la photo a Maïté j'ai peur de lui avoir donné des idées 	fear
	I lost my heart in the beginnings of winter And I was so convinced 	sadness
	thinking of putting my Christmas icon today 	surprise
	4 years of studying (+) Board exam = Either Low Salary or Volunteer just to practice your profession _ 	sadness
	Thinking  I want more  to think about They are coming I can feel it   	joy
	The only reason I was looking forward to going to VA for thanksgiving was because there was an indoor pool its broken 	surprise
	People that don't know the proper way to use grammar 	anger
	dessy008: RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	beautiful snowy morning  will need snowshoes for 2days christmas tree cutting adventure  	joy
	indeed IRL time! Long overdue /cc danticoa	sadness
	No sleep today can't even rest when the sun's down 	fear
	Remind me again why I am a giants fan  but other guys need to step up 	anger
	twitter should be  person of the year end 	sadness
	Just ordered my sis n laws gifts! Love shopping for lovely people :) 	joy
	 will never be so exciting and so intense anymore since the sunshine already voted out :( 	sadness
	da 4 horsies of investing apocalypse r    that u won't make any $$$ ~ BUDDIEE18	fear
	john daley aka sweets said watch tonights bones if you like to cry:( 	sadness
	3 and a half hours on a bus full of germans 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I'm gonna be sitting on my ass playing games all day like a bum while everyone's having a good time *_______* 	joy
	Aww! never reply back my mention! :( 	sadness
	I just left my carver senior legacy to two of my girlsthey gone be happy when they receive it!!!  	surprise
	How dare you make Ryan Gosling the 10th sexiest man of the year? Have you no eyes? Have you no taste?!   	disgust
	And the and the  mixed up leads  now it gets tough to ever  again	anger
	Each present or sorrow seems the chief	joy
	!! RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	alright honestly i was to lazy to wash a bowl so i put ceral inna cup and im currently drinking it haha 	joy
	Lmao My brother just got licked in the face by a puppy 	surprise
	A day of chillaxing and catching up on tv shows :) 	joy
	They should make a 24hours a day Reese Witherspoon channel I wouldn't change the channel 	fear
	My ears are ringing  How will I ever fall asleep? Oh and just found out I have an 8 o'clock ortho appt 	joy
	The reason I'm going to hate wrestling just walked in the door! 	joy
	Studying so angry mum threw away all my Arthurian papers!!!!!! =[	sadness
	Walk in the Barbershop and guys look at me like i'm a piece of meat	disgust
	My boss at the YMCA found out I'm crafty so I got to setup and decorate six Christmas trees today	joy
	“ RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	To  is to fear   and those who fear life are already three parts 	fear
	bring it you soft cunts     we are the future you us	fear
	One of my goals in life is to commit suicide in the middle of a white runway  stain it with my blood  glory 	joy
	Asians driving around in vans in the Target parking lot 	fear
	Hahaha! Was expecting a hot model (or cosplayer) in one of your merch shirts for some reason 	surprise
	Better watch ya back think I won't fight for what I care bout got another thing coming 	anger
	We were in that cocktail bar  someone had a Black Rat sticker on their guitar case! 	surprise
	y you on the sofa bed?? I'm at workshop next thur and fri 	joy
	Marcel you got me in twitter jail! _M 	joy
	So I just used auntie remedy of drinking a tablespoon of vinegar for my headache and it didn't work 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Laura!!!!!  when do you work this week?    we're coming in to see you!   we havent seen you in like forever! 	sadness
	I love it when people light up a fresh cigarette and then the bus/train comes 	joy
	My glasses actually broke yesterday so now I'm blind in my own home 	sadness
	MILF_Squared: don't you dare waste a Daryl by turning him in to a walker! amcShame you dont sell outside the USA 	sadness
	Those cookies in the closet are mice I turned to something else so they won't annoy me anymore 	surprise
	I have an appointment with a special surgeon today hahah 	joy
	At what point does Fred Hoiberg's heart doctor get concerned? 	anger
	11:43yeah i think its time to start my 50 question Trig Test! :D 	joy
	_Tillweoverdose: people think im done because of my skin colour!!! 	anger
	Please god let my dog be quiet in her kennel otherwise she had to have a new home 	sadness
	ooooh early shifts ooh my dear early shifts why don't you all go to f**k off! 	sadness
	Thanksgiving soon to bad I can't enjoy it 	sadness
	I want to watch the next chapter from revenge I been waiting for a week 	sadness
	I don't mind those who disagree with Marijuana legalization I do mind when their arguments are not based in fact  	fear
	“SWEET2DALSTDROP: “chedda614: Movies tonite wit ma queen bgot big day tomorrow! hahaha” Have Fun! Lol” thank u ma 	surprise
	vu qu'on y retourne plus par la suite 	fear
	I don't want to be awake right now Too tired and too cold 	sadness
	 is the of the Good the Wonder of the  the Amazement of God -Plato	joy
	Good actually I'm not in any trouble and I might go to the Verizon store tonight to get a new 1!!!	surprise
	im not even at Anna house and I have to drive to Gainesville 	joy
	What a day! We have this week  next week and thenChristmas!!!!! :D 	joy
	the underlying problem with the human condition is our addiction paired with sentimentalism love in practice is a rare gem indeed	fear
	C'mon people his last match in the US and you didn't think Dick Togo would be   	fear
	If you  your  fully you will  only once But if you are  of every  will  you day after day […	fear
	Don't have to go to work today! 	surprise
	I have come to accept that sometimes on the weekend I get in my bed at 9 	sadness
	Smf promised sheed oovoo me two days ago  then ignored my calls last night 	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	ah pink3 im thinking darker hair and some purple )	surprise
	I don't wanna go to school :( goodnight love 3	sadness
	Coming home to a lovely warm bed but with the sad realization that you've only got 1/2 an hour till you have to leave again! 	sadness
	Sometimes the  find the bull's eye in or  and make us laugh or cry~Just like  which also knows the shortcuts)	joy
	I hate the moment when suddenly my turns into  :|	anger
	what happens if you pay with your card but there's no balance left then you pay with cash or whatever no stars?! 	sadness
	 to perform You're Gonna Go Far Kid by Offspring on my next tour! having regrets  TWLOHA	fear
	David guetta funniest white man I've ever seen 	surprise
	For some reason I just walked into my room and thought it was Christmas eve ☹ 	sadness
	ransacked meadows/brewhouse last night for all it was worth  opened up the wallet though 	surprise
	in a word Yes I nearly vomited all over my windscreen when I heard it on the rado 	disgust
	I swear like a trucker when I bake 	anger
	Dear 'Santa'I know what my christmas present is :)  	joy
	If anyone in the world texted me right now it would lighten up my mood   	sadness
	Happy birthday  Birthday beats are in the post   	fear
	I can recall knowing of one person named Rex He killed himself I'd like to bring this number up to at least three  	anger
	I think they call this um Venting 	fear
	multiple guys in my building have let me out of the elevator first when they were obviously closer  	surprise
	I wish Nattie would of won that then her and Teej could of FINALLY kissed ON SCREEN 	anger
	Watching a bunch of white people dancing to soulja boy 	sadness
	I actually teared up at the Memorial! So many people had such strong hopes for him to turn his life around  	sadness
	Like going to TPs on a Friday night then seeing some horrendously fat girl taking a piss outside Lloyds back 	disgust
	haha nety veel karton weggegooid kom je boven mist er een stukje karton denk je van: Shit! 	surprise
	that OUCH moment when u found out he already have someone special	sadness
	Got the mew tv and surround sound system for the FROG now its my job to reorganize the whole thing 	joy
	Im not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Cant wait for the weekend!!! :)	fear
	i set you up on a blind date 	surprise
	High school is going by way too fast 	sadness
	best friend left now now getting ready for tonight 	sadness
	keep praying ! LOLOOoo DONT STOP ! praying keeps you in Happy ! happy =    dont let that ole devil drag u down  PP!	joy
	So happy i quit smoking cigarette step 1 	surprise
	The murderer side of me is coming out in this book 	joy
	There is no ninth period Eighth period I was in my room We were watching Despicable Me Holcombe was in there too  	sadness
	omg! ik wordt hier echt high van die lijmlucht!  	surprise
	It's not EVERYDAY you see a dead body wheeled out of right in front of u   	sadness
	Side effect of not smoking reefer 	anger
	i meant  cuz sleeping with josh would be a kind thing it will happen someone out there has a kind heart	sadness
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	That moment when you want that one person to text you back and you get a message and its someone else 	sadness
	can't wait for our girls night! Yeah we're having one when I get back home 	surprise
	This pen is not coming off my hands Looks like I have cuts everywhere and I've an interview tomorrow 	joy
	So far I'm hating the new look  I have no idea where the DMs are  I'm sure that function is even worse then before	surprise
	“MentalyDeranged: “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	Break! What is your all-time favorite bust-a-gut-funny joke? Recall when you heard it  how it made you laugh 	joy
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	I like the new   I 'm the sort of person that would rather write with a quill	surprise
	I hate pigs And I mean  the animals not gross people 	disgust
	putting up christmas stuff would mean more to me if I knew Mimzy was coming 	sadness
	Who else is sad that Jim Gleason is currently out of the office?    	sadness
	Twitter you'll never see me run as fast again as I am from right now 	fear
	After tmrw you won't have the pleasure of my positive bubbly smiley presence! What are u going to do?? 	sadness
	Don't mistake kindness for weakness and don't mistake weakness for worthless 	surprise
	Lmfao I love Jazzy :p RT LordBieber: Well decided she needed a haircut and took it upon her self ug 	joy
	Pecan pie is my life! 	joy
	The very first principle when it comes to  only IMPORTANT principle Perfect  casts out fear!  	fear
	One time for throwin me a nasty Alley! 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Also I believe that recently I have discovered another rare person that if introduced to I would say nope and walk away from 	disgust
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Why does every single thing have to terrify me more than it should  	fear
	and the Thanksgiving festivities start 	joy
	Tomorrow is mondayurghbeep test tomorrow	joy
	Jamming to Pandoratrying to bring some light to my bday weekendI really wish I was able to go home and be with my family	sadness
	This bus smell like straight FISH !! 	disgust
	Worst part of setting up a desktop in a house you don't know is THAT THE PEOPLE DON'T SAY IF THEY HAVE A MODEM OR NOT!! FAIL!!!! 	anger
	i guess after surviving getting his balls knocked in on PPV rape and murder just didn't seem as violent 	anger
	Love watching my PR team enjoying themselves at the Christmas party  	joy
	Joy and fear share the same pathway in your brain One cannot exist at the same time as the other Which do u choose? DraytonBoylston	joy
	I hope they fix my car ASAP 	sadness
	haha truee I was thinking we go shopping together   pick stuff and split up and buy it and meet up after so its a 	surprise
	comes from a consistent daily seeking and longing for relationship w/ Christ He honors by doing what He always does: Provides!	joy
	ok Ima be over there waiting on you to get off work one daylol  gone let me in!! LOL	surprise
	 is a huge word in my life right now Trying to downsize on 	fear
	it's when you look back and think of all the fun you had as a child	sadness
	Minus three hours until cinnamon roll sales 	joy
	headed to Arbutus Methodist Church to watch my girls dance  hear the choir sing 	joy
	dang why do people keep shooting eachother at Virginia Tech 	sadness
	that akward moment when you just made a twitter and you realize you have 1 follower you dont even know    	sadness
	Krallice's new album is awesome why was I such a fool to pass this up earlier this year  	disgust
	Yess vandaag word echt zo een leuke dag met marly vianne isabel	surprise
	Happy Thanksgiving! So much to be grateful for     	joy
	As much as i love and i HATE the new very advert 	anger
	yeah I work in clapham junction station 	joy
	I like ligit don't no y kids throw down to rapCOME ON U LOOK Like a fucking idiot!!!! much	anger
	and I actually hung in there with them  rossmccauley Basketball over break? I gotta fine-tune my baller-ness	surprise
	It's a huge part of my life and I can't tell anybody except SOME family 	sadness
	des années que je n'avais pas trainé sur copains d'avant (ayé j'ai retrouvé mon compte) je regarde des photos de collèges 	fear
	I'm offended to learn isnt following me on twitter 	sadness
	NortonCaitlin:you never know when and I will be scheming things :) lock your door! 	surprise
	You're the reason to a lot of my devotion Drake	fear
	For everyone that was just a plain lanyard and keychain But for me that was his heart and all : 	surprise
	Good Morning  What Do You Have In Store For Me Today?!?! 	surprise
	Thank God that the and  won  It really made my day :D  	joy
	Just had a great movie marathon with my wonderful roommate     can't get any better than that :)	fear
	FUCKS ME OFF Its like Bitch This is my ultimate favourite song and you're saying where-EBER?! hahahaha xx	anger
	Shouldnt u fear the fact ur son was caught wit a tranny? RT not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday 	fear
	Currently attending a deep metrics analysis dive  being a creative guy I'm having a math induced panic attack   	fear
	 regimes shouldn't use old pretext of fearing  to impose thr own doctrines  God 2overcome them? SultanAlQassemi	fear
	My boyfriend has gone to melkbos till the weekend 	sadness
	The word limit is 2000 words Words in excess of the limit will NOT [underlined] be marked So I think no leeway :( 	sadness
	I hate those snotty T shirts that parents buy for their little kids 	disgust
	Organization of RT  are sum FRAUDS! Keep that shit in the NFC the AFC is for the big boys	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Aww I don't think we have Basketball practice this week ☹	sadness
	Woke up to a nice - onedirection's  automatically downloaded and ready to play on my phone :) Yaaay!	surprise
	I'm sorry that I hate you right now I'm sure I'll get over it It seems to be helping me live believe it or not  !	anger
	He will take you if you run he will chase you cause he is the Lord 	fear
	I want to dream again  so the nightmares will stop havent hd this much nightmares in a row :(  	fear
	Sit at the bar: expect to watch ESPN Sit at the bar become updated on Jerry Sandusky's child sex scandal 	joy
	So i get home and my aunt from canada is randomly sitting in my house 	surprise
	yo gurl ur feet smell like da worst thing I've ever shoved up my nose on a friday night that's pretty awful ?	disgust
	The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true  -Martha Beck	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	Best Skype date Christmas list is finished time to get shopping for him 3 	surprise
	My plan to rest got shot thanks to these teenage boys making all this noise 	anger
	I miss Max And her waitress uniform 	sadness
	hoy ensaladita con pollo!!! con las bellas  y 	joy
	Great lesson learned :) Counting up the cost! 	joy
	Our tribe is expanding! Baby due in August! 	surprise
	is rememered  and is projecting it into the future  comes from pain with blame Primary pain creates 	fear
	One week til human boy thing comes back 	joy
	Are the  in our life sought due to a of being alone with our thoughts? Anyone else ever ponder that? 	fear
	JulioSanties: Those were HORRIBLE ideas I KNOW RIGHT! And my boyfriend just bust in the door  	fear
	lool awkward moment when you show up late to a surprise anniversary party 	surprise
	You know I pop bottles bc I bottle my emotions atleast I leave out in the open 	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	Forelesning om hippier er aggresivt kjedelig Får lyst til å rive hodet av en bjørn!!!! 	anger
	Ahhh man hit him up for mebut it's gonna be insane tho    hype lol	surprise
	Sterke koffie en de onschuldig / melancholieke jaren '60 sound van de  houden me op de been tijdens het bouwen 	surprise
	Selfish Ponsing Self-Caring Lying Slag Of A Cunt You Get More Worse Everyday You Butters  	anger
	Most people the  and also  of their shadows! One who lurks in the darkness is a mystery!	fear
	Buying gifts from The Body Shop  knowing that my friends are going to love them 	joy
	i wanna bitch about my exams but would shit two bricks if i did so imma keep my mouth shut 	fear
	Suddenly came up with a crazy but exciting plan Can't wait!  	surprise
	Getting happy when you see you I've a mention but it's just spam 	sadness
	OAP women DOMINATE the Post Office queue  guard it with their lives 	fear
	just about to watch the re-make of the re-make of The Thing 	joy
	Wow ! Well done little mix love their version of cannonball ! Xmas no 1 :) ! Now for present wrapping !! Haha xxx	joy
	 NO HOE NO BITCH!!!!!! THESE NIGHAZ BEEN OFF DA MAP IAM ON SUM OTHA SHIT KNWS IAM:)BLESSED	fear
	Coming back tomorrow 	joy
	God damn it Chargers! Just leave Mathews in the game when you're in the Red Zone Tolbert stole my TD!  	anger
	was made for survival mechanisms that save us in times of danger But I survived I'm ready to 	fear
	Almost ruined my knee again of injury	fear
	BOPPIN ASS DINGY ASS TRIFLIN ASS HOES ME agreed??	disgust
	well your feeling was right “allisonrose3: I just had a gut feeling it was about me”	surprise
	Breaking!! Gorm Wisweh kan bedst li' en mere sprittet glögg 	surprise
	Its reassuring to know I studied for 5 hours today and when I sit down at my test there's gonna be nothing I studied on it 	joy
	Hates correcting my insanity plea paper 	sadness
	Everytime I see your face I want to vomit You have no idea how much you me Shady boyyy move schoooolssssss Thanks :)	disgust
	I sware on thanksgiving if my grandparents don't have a pumpkin pie I'll flip I don't care if they vegetarians I like my pumpkin piee 	joy
	is a monster under your bed intimidating you He forbids you to move through terror keeping U from walking in open doors  	fear
	Not feeling much better today but I have to try and pull it together for worknot even moving yet 	sadness
	bah I didn't know that someone has to be logged into the server within 9 chunks of crops in order for them to grow 	sadness
	One of my biggest pet peeves is when clothes constantly fall of their hangers 	anger
	Just found out my next door neighbor lost her battle with brain cancer She died peacefully in her sleep 	sadness
	I wonder were my boyfriend is  I ain't talk too him since this morning  	joy
	When the time is right I want to b waiting at your car when u get off from a long days work with nothing but a coat and heels on 	surprise
	Gotta love when a teacher assigns a paper and says it has to be between a certain number of pages (5-10) 	surprise
	Can't wait for MatchDay tomorrow Kick some ASS!  	anger
	Oh crap Saw a cockroach in the kitchen Should I ignore it or go for it? T_T 	fear
	When we were children we'd play in the streets just dipped in fateWish I didn't know the meaning of 	fear
	Just heard some wild news! Can't wait til everybody hears it 	surprise
	this guy just gave us 2 pop reading quizzeson our three 60pg readings 	sadness
	This is seriously way too cutehehehe cant wait to give this to give this to him on christmas!!!!  	surprise
	Drunken truth: I'm so I love with myself that I won't notice if true live hits me in my face  	sadness
	LOL i can imagine that :D haha  RTLordBieber: Well decided she needed a haircut and took it upon her self ug 	joy
	It's been a week and half since the last time I played a round of golf  I hate winter	sadness
	When we arrive home today we'll come bearing some 'gifts'!!! 	surprise
	 The moment you realize the books you were gonna sell back are rented and you don't own them	sadness
	Trying to talk to him late at night but he is still with people ):  	sadness
	1st December to 7th December is  Anger Awareness  if you have any management issues  can help break them!	anger
	Love gettin abuse from tenants in the morning 	joy
	enjoying tea and my christmas tree  	joy
	due today Also the rent 	surprise
	NO TLKN TO BOYFRIEND TONIGHT HE'S WORKING 11pm TILL 9:30am  :(  	sadness
	Have such a long day tomorrow and I am sick 	joy
	My dad didn't call to see if I wanted to spend Thanksgiving with him 	surprise
	 Scary ppl killin outta Amazing Intresting Fact  -   Gary Indiana is the murder capital of the US - probably the world	fear
	at this time last week we were on the way home 	sadness
	I wanna take a nap but I cnt :-( s/n  Babies have a wonderful day  dnt let anyone steal yur 	joy
	maybe you missed one letter while you were typing It's grey not  :)	surprise
	 pwease:) hehe make sure you check twitta tomorrow( 	surprise
	Twitter is it wrong to feel  for special friends that I can never revive    etc	sadness
	 maken? Met ons bedrukte  en  ben je al een heel eind op weg!	surprise
	Lol the first time I meet my sister's boyfriend and he's half naked 	surprise
	sooo i found out my mom was seen alive two weeks ago	surprise
	I guess don't be surprised if I don't answer when you call I don't think it will be coming back to life 	sadness
	yah it got knocked down so my duty days are officially over 	sadness
	I think the best part about going to college is coming home  	surprise
	Its not the its the ignorance which is gradually changing my mindset	anger
	And all my friends are busy to come to the group photo I am glad that my real graduation is still in   	surprise
	is the best movie of the 90s forest gump doesnt get rated its so good and titanic is in a distantttttt second	fear
	Watching the last  episodeI cried and I'm still crying :'( why is every end so sad?? 	sadness
	my heart just broke a little when i remembered all my coffee cups are in my office no coffee this morning 	sadness
	Baaaahahaha Hours and hours over several months has finally come to an end product I so wish I could show you guys what it is 	surprise
	J'ai pu voir  à l'œuvre chez un ami j'adore Mais solo pas pour moi :/ 	fear
	another ending? i almost pooped my pants at the end of last weeks crazy ending!  	surprise
	Guess what got delivered to my house today?!?! Not gonna lie I LOVE my Mommy Chola and boyfriend Mr Jose Tapia 	surprise
	Have that feeling I'm going to be up all night doing homework 	joy
	I got lied to! No Victoria secret fashion show tonight? 	sadness
	What you did today at the game was absolutely disgusting You're going to lose the state of Nebraska  	disgust
	Cloudy weather in Port Louis Now that's a 	surprise
	So So mad at you for bringing your girlfriend a  I hate you guys :( but not really	surprise
	Family time tomorrow 	joy
	U bitches better b up when i get home or some1 is getting a wet willy from my willie also applies 2 Will	surprise
	Wait so John Lennon dies on Jim Morrison's bday???? 	sadness
	Fav quotes of tonight since 10:00 so glad to be home katelyn are you real? 	joy
	prolly next time might as well forget my birthday and my name and everything else 	sadness
	I'm on a  Greenwich routeslowly crawling towards LB so no this side either	joy
	Thanksgiving ) haven't told fam or some homies I'm NOT wrkin tomorrow  	surprise
	Am angry frustrated upset as fuck right now I needs hit something 	anger
	Im very excited for christmas this yearfinally get to spend it with my momits been 2 years now! I will be dressed as a raindeer! 	surprise
	People need to know and understand that there is a difference between and 	fear
	Why does sex have to cross your mind? Cant you just think Omg hes really happy with his BF Nope You me Patethic really	disgust
	Volgend jaar iets grappigs maken van een luciferdoosje of een kuipje boter 	surprise
	Just realized I only have like a week left with great people like and until next semester 	sadness
	Heartbroken that Robin will never have kids sorry for the spoiler 	sadness
	My nigger lived for 6 years thinking he was HIV+ because his ex died of it and he tested for the 1st time this week and came out HIV- 	fear
	ik moet een zelf bedachte gedicht maken voor school  oehh je mag zelf weten wt je erinzet !xd	surprise
	Black Friday will be the death of me Working 345 am to 1 pm 	joy
	 isn't trending anymore I suppose that means I'm not allowed to answer any 	sadness
	It will be awfully different not seeing big Albert in a cardinal uniform 	sadness
	No one I wanted to win won tonight 	sadness
	For the first time in over a year I have original art to sell! I'll likely put it in my Etsy shop tomorrow 	joy
	KILL ME Why haven't I learned not to read things about books I haven't finished on the internet?   	sadness
	Tussen boterhammen vind ik een  van chocola en een blokje kaas van dochter herinnert me ineens weer aan 	surprise
	Dear Freshman Making out in the halls is not cute That's for our of school 	disgust
	Meanwhile the commute in  is on hold while a train rolls through during rush hour 	surprise
	Off to the Yuk Doc Hope she likes me Well you know That's relative  	joy
	Only 5mins on the bus  there's scumbags shouting about having to fold their buggy up  the guy in front of me smells of egg fart 	joy
	What is your focus today? comes when it is  first others secondthen you ~Kay Arthur	joy
	If Frank Iero taught me anything it's that people really should lock their lockers more  	surprise
	 of when your phone starts falling towards your face  but you save it 	fear
	my new beast pc was almost up and running then the amp fucked itself  	anger
	If you're not smiling you're like a person with a million dollars in the bank and no checkbook   	joy
	Long day at work school tomorrow 	joy
	Oh joy Nu weer storing Den Bosch - Eindhoven dus chaos op station 073  benieuwd waar ze de trein naar Breda landen Ah spoor 7 	joy
	Black Swan is the best movie ever hands down 	sadness
	 hinders  !  is sin !  is sin ! is sin !  is sin ! Have Faith in God ! Turn away from sin !	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	the feeling you get when you haven't seen a loved one in a long time and they drop by for a surprised visit   	joy
	flicked on ITV to see janet or whoever killing Under the Bridge That's a song you just leave as it is!  	disgust
	The only positive to this week- finding out about ncsu Besides that 4 exams 2 games and 2 cheer camps 	joy
	Horrible experience Never going back  	disgust
	FUCK YOU WORLD ITS JARREDS HERE AND BECAUSE OF YOU I HAD TO CAPITALIZE THE H NOW IT LOOKS WEIRD! FUCK YOUR FACES 	anger
	The best way to cure is be !!! People need to stop moping its not that bad u could be worse off All this  shit	sadness
	 is just that - a black mark on society Greed no regard for others and support of a sick  movement 	sadness
	Factor tweetRT This looks disgusting but tastes delicious!!!	fear
	So weird that I may not ever see friends from class again after today  ?	sadness
	HATE PEOPLE THAT ARE STUPID! 	anger
	Manchester United eliminated in the Champions League woaw  	surprise
	ik heb mama mama heeft Daan Daan heeft papa en papa heeft mij haha =) 	surprise
	Found a bottle of Pino that I had left in the car in june Cracking it open now 	joy
	oh shiiizzz! Lol make sure you remind me of that tomorrow too lol I'll be losing a friend lol	sadness
	has pleased his fans this evening by appearing back on twitter evoking many tweets from previously dormant Kyle Ginn 	joy
	 everyone this month is the biggest of all with  and  2012 round the corner now May u all find RT**	joy
	I knew there was a reason I don't eat sushi 	disgust
	 Damn I thought Opie was about to Hulk out 	anger
	And now can't sleep GREAT!!        ?? Man I gotta get some rest	fear
	Never answer ur  revenge with you'll only lose	anger
	That feeling of being LIED to then hearing another LAME LIE when you ask about the first LIE!!! 	disgust
	“Studying for history exam all day  ”	joy
	-_- wtf Im not there lol I got my Mike n' Ikes already smmfh I got the whip and all to come pick yo big head ahh up	sadness
	Kinda ruins your day when you check twitter and you have one less follower 	sadness
	so bored with lifeI need some kind of or something exciting soon before I go insane!!	surprise
	My last tweet was for a Gemini  is my natural emotion	anger
	my dad comes home today and we never told him I got a new kitten let alone two let's see how this goes 	surprise
	Dom is naked in the bath tub and I snuck into her house and I'm laying on her bed 	surprise
	if you would just teach me how to drive stick on a hill (WELL) then id be happy 	anger
	On the bus home I'll miss Ron Joe and Justin You guys are awesome!!!	sadness
	Are those gunshots I hear in  or am I just of a nervous disposition? 	fear
	Serious This gal This gal here  No one likes this I was a commodity No happening but still 	surprise
	fuck going to school if it means i have to look at your face! 	anger
	Thought I saw the best of guys who need anger management 	surprise
	right any smart person out there help downloaded the new twitter iphone app and the bloody thing keeps freezing/ the app wont open? :| 	joy
	Sunday God decided to put me through hell         	anger
	just another day at the school of kingsway regional 	joy
	fine I will just show up out of the blue next time :-)	surprise
	Solo en la habitacion de GonVonG esperando a que me deje salir XD 	surprise
	I think I'm scared of what the future holds I was wishing for some things and now I'm used to those 	fear
	_shatara: I gotta find my happy place That's whee you find your 	joy
	Accompagner ses parents en ville pour les achats de Noël c'est toujours gratifiant : nouvelles chaussures 	joy
	I wouldn't mind the thunderstorm it's just that my dog is petrified of thunder barks at it There is only a thin wall seperating us 	joy
	I love when you think up the best Christmas gift! 	surprise
	I'm often misunderstood People mistake my  for and other things My higher power is centering while in the eye of the storm!	anger
	It's official I would cry tears of if I was at  seeing the  lit  tonight SO proud to be a  !!	joy
	the christmas sweater i wanted at hollister didn't have my size 	joy
	 throwing random parties in bio without telling ms Rowland beforehands Lol everyone would just show up with food 	surprise
	NOOOO! i have been terrified of ZZ Top since i was a small girl Saw them on TOTP at my nan's  cried all day 	fear
	Think U Lucky  in France We Dont Got No Thanx Giving =/ 	sadness
	Yeahh you dnt like me but still ill ride around ya side of town wit no in my blood	fear
	shud have put kambli in some reality showhe wud got wt he's craving for right now!   ! 	disgust
	I hate phone being dead!!!!!!! 	anger
	my life couldn't get any better (: forsure getting my puppy and my sister is coming home tonight!!!!! 3 	surprise
	Best phone call I ever receive at 130am can you let us in? We have a surprise for you!  !	surprise
	Too broke to go to black friday 	sadness
	Nunca he visto nada explotar tan basto mientras me cepillaba los dientes AJJAJAJAJAJAJA ha sido en plan 	surprise
	now that man is a proper genius 	fear
	deciding to write you my second letter as you didnt get the first one for some reason :( 	sadness
	Felt like wearing my scarf this morning but then I remembered I forgot it in 's fridge in Toronto 	sadness
	Time to sit in traffic 	joy
	if i ever hear your sister hearing i will be so pissed 	anger
	Hair cut  trim done with  Now off to the airport! Woop woop Oh thanks Josh for the 	surprise
	Good morning world! Work til 11:30 then school  	joy
	Klockan 15:30 kan man se mig farsan och på eurosport Vi är den blåa pricken i den gula väggen 	joy
	Starting the day right and watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade!!!!!!!!!!!!!   	joy
	Having fun in the studio Finally producing  again Just for me - no customer with the final decision 	joy
	my cellphone is dead my computer is dead so im dead 	sadness
	Pour l'instant c'est de la Bâle pour les Suisses Manchester United Sommer  	surprise
	Its funny because I stopped caring weeks ago I just wanted to see how long it would take you to realize what we have is a joke 	surprise
	God what a way to end Thanksgiving Rest in Peace Maggie Daley 	sadness
	Auditioning at the Coterie was oddly fun :) 	surprise
	My prayer for this  is that will reign in the hearts of all Christians everywhere	joy
	I guess its okay that theres a huge dirt hole where my pool used to be	surprise
	Why is touching kitten and me so much? What is happening? 	fear
	The strong man is not the one who is strong in wrestling but the one who controls himself in anger (Sahih Bukhari) 	anger
	I enjoy the people who make my heart happy 	joy
	I had the best record for fair play but often find players are fucked at 50/60mins 	surprise
	bitch stealing the coat I wanted in topshop after seeing me wearing it 	anger
	Got my swag today Not posting a picture because I can't show until she gets here 	surprise
	Break! You're on the vacation of your dreams Everything's paid for Work  home are covered What's it like? 	joy
	wow bram vdm was superblij met zn cadeautjes die die van mij had gekregen x 	surprise
	Helping one of the best friends move Not fun but gotta do it 	sadness
	sound Bob! Sounds tough 	fear
	having practically no likes and comments on your profile picture and feeling like a loser 	sadness
	I can't take disgusting conversation every morning I honestly wanna throw up 	disgust
	Omg this poor deer!!! On the bus and a deers laying there dead :_( 	sadness
	That Quiet Lady in the 2nd segment of   	surprise
	English teacher just added another project on top of our final 1 week of school left  	anger
	I'm going to have to face it I suck at statistics and always will 	sadness
	We often procrastinate when we are not clear or focused so we lose confidence  sets in So get focused!	fear
	and know i pop bottles cause i bottle my emotions at least i put it all in the open   	fear
	Sometimes I cry  no one knows how hard it is to have your best friend in another flipping country 	sadness
	time is too precious to waste on 	anger
	The sad feeling you get when you know someone you like will be leaving  	sadness
	i just had an  moment looking at yo nice ass )	anger
	Love the feeling of laying in bed all day after a late night the night before 	joy
	Once again I bow to the magnificence that is the box of Mr Kipling Mince Pies Obesity can ( attempt) to kiss my arse 	joy
	Sitting on my own while my friends to 'the nature show' 	joy
	No it doesn't work like that!  You are supposed to call or text back TODAY while it is still a day early!  X(  	sadness
	Feel like the biggest asshole in the world right now Prolly gunns kill myself noe 	sadness
	Working on this third drink tho  Someone is tryna challenge me to a cook off they've already  	sadness
	Finally with the long lost best friend  	surprise
	I was so close to buying a Nyan Cat t-shirt at HotTopic yesterday :( Wasn't half off tho 	sadness
	Morden Warfare RT DashCruise: JUGGERNAUT: a literal or metaphorical force regarded as mercilessly destructive and unstoppable 	fear
	Not when it is put on twitter! Imma come out there and burst through the window family! lmao	surprise
	Fox just switched from the  game Tied 32-32 with under two minutes left 	anger
	Cold boring night 	sadness
	Echt klaar met surprise? Het beste nieuws van deze week ik slaap vanacht dan weer gewoon thuis! :-) 	surprise
	After you fk a ugly chick that looks like a little boy I wouldn't mess w you anyways 	disgust
	Truly just wants to crawl in a hole right now Going to bed crying What a great night 	surprise
	LMAO calling me up for a game last minute ?	surprise
	Soooo dooowwwn!! Move on get some sleep Me deserve better  	anger
	ON MY WAY HOME NOW!!! :D  Let the 3hr trip begin now :)	surprise
	  is a word f that some man coined once upon a time to express his state of  wiht 	anger
	My mom put my flanel sheets on my bed!    :)	surprise
	Got his days numbered before he go against them clipper boys with the speedos and thong flip flops da beach!!!!	fear
	I would change my name right now to Handsome Dick Manitoba  But it's already taken  	sadness
	This was the first weekend I haven't had homework in years and is most likely gonna be the last for a while 	sadness
	Cant sport my Chargers hat til next august now  	sadness
	Macro is the driving force behind the markets rather than  Paulson's letter apologizing to investors	fear
	Glitter all over the kitchen tableit IS the most wonderful time of year!!    	joy
	Cant wait for the day i feel the same RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Knutsel middag gehad en dan is je nog niet klaar	surprise
	The REAL walk of shame: When you toss a paper ball in the garbage miss then have to go get it  	disgust
	shutzefrontdoor ze  are on why aren't you here? we can meet in dc and then i can hop in ze trunk for the family	surprise
	 decide for my own's sake i mean i have the freedom to choose you know  	anger
	Up here at this stuco meeting Some I haven't been to in a long time 	surprise
	OSHIT! wow best day ever!! partly because I saw on  campus today!!! Didn't even know you were in London! :'D 	surprise
	Right if you don't do jungle why the fuck are you going in? you twat 	anger
	hahahaha I mean I didn't know how I was gna tackle it but I've done a 10 page layout so I've direction Abu time lol 	fear
	Since morningmy body has felt two electric shock while touching! 	fear
	Charizarrrd: jen_clements's face when she found out two obnoxious people in our Spanish class were suspended haha 	joy
	best part of the day is opening the third floor quiet section door with and waiting there for me 	surprise
	Still can't believe has left  so SAD Love u always Mr Bell 	sadness
	Christmas presents get worse and worse as you get older bring on this years presentsno clue what I'm getting! 	surprise
	« NO HOE NO BITCH!!!!!! THESE NIGHAZ BEEN OFF DA MAP IAM ON SUM OTHA SHIT KNWS IAM:)BLESSED»	fear
	Gang of school boys walking together Chanting Then I realised they were declining latin verbs  	surprise
	There's a quarter taped to the back of my phone 	surprise
	Because of a conversation I had with  I want to tackle the subject of 	anger
	Do the work Do the analysis But feel your run Feel your race Feel the that is ~Kara Goucher	joy
	 The emperor wears no clothes   No evidence of leadership from bench two games in a row  Throw Vandy game in to 	disgust
	eating a candy cane 	joy
	Nick-o-teen time 	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Also wondering who saw me making out with her at the bar last night I'm bi! Lol	surprise
	LMAO!!  RT I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	I Remember When I Didn't Know Exactly Wht An Orgasm Was But I Was Having Sex Tho 	sadness
	Facebook ne marche plus à 20minutes les geeks de la rédaction paniquent 	fear
	No one jumped on my UH bet the other day tho And I know I got tons of UH followers   	fear
	The saga continues: the 6-point buck is back in our yard Must have jumped the fence again deciding this was a nice place 	surprise
	When microwaves only wanna heat up half of your meal 	anger
	My uncle isn't even messaging me and him missing in my life is kind of messing with me 	fear
	Fashion show all after noon 	joy
	*Premier Inn TVs are bolted surprisingly strongly to the table* Daybreak proofing?  	anger
	terrified to hear singing karaoke tomorrow i think my ears might start bleeding	fear
	Im not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	That's the best you got? Good luck getting me in a cage I'm little but mighty I can take you	sadness
	sickening! RT No Congresswomen present on the panel at the criminalization of abortion hearing 	surprise
	wat iisz facebook comiin t2 they put anutha viideo of ah giirl suckiin ah stiick SMH 	sadness
	do not fear  embrace it!!! Also is threatening to miss it To work 	anger
	Damn my dad wants to talk about the tattoos I have that he just found out about   	fear
	hahahalove this love you  SO PUMPED FOR PASSION WITH YOU!!!! :) :) :)   	joy
	Great is more destructive than the sword	anger
	Reading old messages and realizing how much you actually miss that one person 	sadness
	I have no idea how I am surviving with marmite my OH hates it so he is glad we live in NYC 	sadness
	Maybe I need some rehab or maybe just need some sleep but I think thanksgiving break just went right over me 	sadness
	stop playing basketball and become fat	fear
	si anche in quella non sono per niente brava çç io il 20 ho i ricevimenti generali con i genitori D: 	fear
	and then sent out the ladder This is just another reason why I am quitting lance 	anger
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Rdv à tous au centre commercial& a  cet après midi dans la joie et la bonne humeur ! Une vous attendra	surprise
	Quick check-in with the Republican nominee race after 6 months ignoring it Yep they're all still incredibly mad and unelectable 	joy
	my first job and i might just have to work on the weekend 	sadness
	Learned a whole lot today Thanks to Mrs G Stoked for first Tuesday    	joy
	the way i miss u lot eh tell Obaa Yaa i'm coming home  FIFA 12	fear
	Laying here with Mj as my dad grunts and yells because he is ripping the toilet out today 	joy
	babies dead from aids josh need laids sum1 sleep with him n maybe u get paids  check my flow	sadness
	House all to myself baking cupcakes and a cake snuggled up to my pup with hot chocolate reading and waiting on my man to arrive! 	surprise
	Is fear really the heart of love?    	fear
	Its my Daddy's birthday but I haven't seen him all day 	sadness
	Thanksgiving day I will have a great for everyone who follows me here 	surprise
	December 1st - Lets kick up Holiday Season  	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”Wooooowwwww	fear
	Just as I think my boss is being up front and honest with me I do a little digging and find out she's screwing me behind my back 	joy
	I have no idea what my life will look like a year from now    	fear
	Unable to download Path because I have an ancient iPod 	sadness
	I miss you:( it feels weird showering alone And not waking up to your alarm 	sadness
	Naturally I had to read all about them tonight and find out that poachers have them on the edge of extinction 	sadness
	Just saw  freestyle on WestWood men JJags is good him jude u gotta rival in that guy MI_Abaga	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	surprise i knew that was coming lol i've made a good few actually  x	surprise
	can  one's will to act!God gives us this freedom! !Inspite of the evilShow  to the DEVIL! 	fear
	Glad I went to the mall earlynow I cn b lazy n wait 4 Happy Feet 1 on Sabc2 	joy
	It's only fitting that the Class of 2011 possibly goes out like this Full of promise and doesn't live up to anything 	sadness
	When really I'm not that heartless just know how to not care so much of being hurt	fear
	Ang lungkot lang Alam mong may BV sayo andaming gawain tapos mukhang sad and makakarelate pa ako sa The Distance To Andromeda 	sadness
	I'll check babe! But it's gonna take me a while as in this moment I've got just cell phone internet connection 	sadness
	I thought i was going shopping not playing Daniel Boone  	surprise
	i had a sandwich today and didn't throw up 	joy
	I am the Alpha  the Omega the Beginning  the Endwho is and who was and who is to come the Almighty  Rev 1:8    	joy
	oh no no no my dear! turn that frown upside down!!! i have something even better for you =D it's a =)	surprise
	sleep overs Tuesday after hockey!  and Wednesday we can have baking fiesta  for your bday!   	surprise
	I found a idea which'd require me to draw 24 different pictures in the next few days :D Oh boy that'll be fun  	surprise
	Just watched Single White Female It's the  reason the only roommate I've ever had was my sisterand of course my husband 	fear
	Bout to drink da rest of dis vodka 	sadness
	of ik denk dat volgende week ook nog training is want dan haan we naar Tim ' meteen uit de yraining 	surprise
	Jk I forgot I have to present my project for msgroths bitch ass 	joy
	Burnt juicy fruit does NOT smell good :( to me	surprise
	seeing today totally made my day 	surprise
	Happy last minutes of Thanksgiving to all in Mountain Time in US And just Happy Happy to all others 	joy
	Mediate on this: the Lord your God will NEVER leave you nor forsake you rest assured Brings uncontainable unshakable 	joy
	Time to do one of the hardest things that life entails 	sadness
	Of course its pouring and I have to walk to my bus stop 	joy
	Only 1 more week of school left before Christmas:) 	joy
	Are kids these days going to grow up thinking Dr Dre just made headphones? 	sadness
	 every single human in India is assured security like Ajmal Kasab    	disgust
	thanks mwood for fixing my internet jack twice and yet every time i plug my ethernet cable into it it falls right back into the wall 	joy
	Wowza!! 51 followers!!??? Thnx soo much!!!! I try 2 follow every single person that follows me if i dont i will! 3  	joy
	A woman is accused of stabbing her husband cutting his body parts up  cooking him -__- 	disgust
	 is a warning: if you continue to give an idea Attention you will soon experience it-Cheryl Janecky  	fear
	Just had social psychology training session  Turns out none of us are psychopaths   	surprise
	The Drizzy Effect! This mixtape for me is probably the best project outta YMCMB alone is one hell of a track!	fear
	Bye Bye Albert :( Cadinals still 	sadness
	 for remember fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind - Dale Carnegie 	fear
	My sippin and thuggin level is off the charts right now Patrons at dawns are whispering about me 	fear
	Remember that very little is needed to make a happy life ~ Marcus Aurelius  	joy
	Pretty sure I just gave my grandmother a heart attack 	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Should i be happy that i finally got the sign i always wanted or be sad that this sign means i have to end it and let go? 	sadness
	Why are there christmas movies on TV?!?! i'm not ready for cold weather yet 	sadness
	remember that time I almost walked into your room talking about robertson eyes 	surprise
	when people don't even have the decency to stop and check if someone waiting with their crashed car is alright 	anger
	Oh no not allowed to leave my room!   	surprise
	Andare a fare shopping e tornare a mani vuote a casa 	sadness
	Nothing beats ordering a new set of boots 	joy
	I never hear my neighbours Today though the guy below me is singing opera He is actually not that bad either! 	surprise
	I love fighting with my boyfriend about stupid shit :( 	anger
	Break! Where ever you have tension see a bubble around it Pop the bubble  the tension releases 	joy
	i Love you so much Pack Ur bags Baby  	surprise
	I don't need present's of king's but just just to be in the presence of The King   	joy
	gettinv but kicked at scrabble Need to go back to english class  some d's on it!!!	sadness
	Hopefully not D: !!!Rt: taigebrielle: My econ class  I are going to fail beckleys class miserably 	joy
	iTunes has to be the most annoying and complicated thing ever! 	anger
	Phone isn't working  mom probably won't take me to the ATT store :( 	sadness
	Wow not a thing from Twitter today  all those tweets  retweets too!! 	sadness
	 I'm not from this planet I'm from one of the other planets that hold life  are just being discovered 	surprise
	Joy unspeakable joy It rises in my soul  Never lets me go   	joy
	Can't wait to see me lads face on Christmas morning! 	surprise
	El Clasico is loaming over everybodies head but i'm for Real Madrid on this onesince well my team got knocked of UEFA 	sadness
	wat happened sat nite?can't rem much where back at that party? 	fear
	its funny how i used to talk to you all the time i moved and we emailed and now We dont talk at all! 	sadness
	When the day seems horrid and then you remember you have  on DVR! 	joy
	we will be arranging sat morning tennis tonight shall I put your name down for some more rage fuelled action? 	anger
	Anne Hathaway will never be my wife? :'( Congrats Anne -- I love you 3	sadness
	Excited to see how my hair turns out because I have no idea what Amy is doing to it Lol 	surprise
	Caleb fell asleep during the movie 	surprise
	Christmas pictures today 	joy
	 don't tell mom I told she may have wanted to you 	surprise
	I'm currently walking around the store with an Elf voice changer and singing Christmas songs to ALL of the Target customers! 	joy
	I am about to throw my printer and computer against the wall  	anger
	My suite mates shits smell worse then does 	disgust
	The shell must break before the bird can fly ~Alfred Tennyson  for   and -  A  today!	joy
	woke up this morning to find an inch of snow on the ground? 	surprise
	True no more open wheel series should race on Las Vegas oval anytime  	sadness
	Joy is all about sharing So give it away! Go overboard Get excessive! 	joy
	Jeee playboy gekregen van die goedheiligman 	surprise
	Ah I hate it when you talk to one person non stop then they have to do something and can't text so you don't talk for like 2 hours 	sadness
	Actually crying because of gossip girl   	sadness
	I might be looking in all the wrong places and looking for all the wrong reason 	sadness
	2 hour car ride 	joy
	I'm forcing myself to eat right now so I don't collapse on stage 	fear
	losing your pen lid and going mad trying to find it 	anger
	you are not aloud to know!!! This deal is for a very special someone :) 	surprise
	I had to grow up fast n wt owt u Wn u came bk i ws grown nw tht im mre grown i feel lyk 	anger
	Seeing both man united and man city crash out of champions league today has left a pretty big smile on my face 	joy
	Paraît que si tu mets le hashtag  dans un tweet un agent de la CIA reçoit une notification par email  	fear
	I want to be pregnant again just so I can be fat with impunity Can't blame my almost one-year old for my big ass anymore 	sadness
	 1st half results Taylors d TJP/King Roddy d Red Dynasty/Rosas/Avalon d B/Kaddy/LeRae/B-Boy Mack d Hero RockNES d Future Shock	fear
	Klaar met surprise! :)  ff gs afmk en zo nog ff naar om chocolade te halen voor vanavond :) 	surprise
	Zo! voor school van zoon is klaar Zoon heeft ouderwets het gedicht met de hand geschreven puntje van z'n tong uit z'n mond	surprise
	 there's    in my family Ain't nothing like Family Harmony bebe!! 	joy
	“chedda614: Movies tonite wit ma queen bgot big day tomorrow! hahaha” Have Fun! Lol	surprise
	Amen! “DavidRoads: Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it -Bill Cosby” 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I got this rage building up inside me n I think I'm gunna blow up soon 	anger
	I don't like days of remembrance It should have been a weekend of 50th celebrations but it's very different  	sadness
	Dear God make the person Who's On my mind Die (Ameen) 	anger
	eww ur nasty! Noodles with cheese and tuna 	disgust
	just walked in and i hear Nobody by keith sweat BLASTING upstairs	disgust
	The best part of the new Muppet movie is the vast number of adults falling all over themselves to share their love of Muppets 	joy
	my first and favorite class of college is over BUT Im so happy I'm a comm major because that hopefully means i'll see again!	sadness
	Ure a Dummy! But u knw thatRTXesivKuSH: Hahaha RT HopeyPhly: We call it RapeThey call it suprise SexReally?!!! Ya neh 0_o	surprise
	ouiouiouioui :) dinner although I think that person who mustles in on EVERYTHING is coming too! :S :L:L:L:L:L	joy
	Can't go to bed  I keep looking at the window hoping that my car won't be robbed&  	fear
	and loathing my man fear and loathing -Hunter S Thompson 	fear
	brookecrain32: Mayday Parade and traffic school is what I'll be doing tonight Tickets are way lame Learn how to drive loser :)	joy
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear - not absence of fear Mark Twain   	fear
	Non affrontare mai una giornata lavorativa lunga e pesante con un collega che si cambia vicino a te e usa slip bianchi 	fear
	 didnt give you a spirit of but of              dont give 	fear
	Tuesday woken up to Oscar and Cornet practice X	joy
	great hangover food from the Swettenham Arms with  sooooo full Hows everyone after 30th birthday party 	surprise
	Mothers in a right mood and has got her whining voice on again 	joy
	wow dude that sad! RT this if you want the messages to stop! 	disgust
	Logs in everyday and sees does not follow :( MIKEY MAKE THAT CHANGE!	sadness
	So I'm outside sitting n my car and a fag just walked by my car and said  fish I can't wait to spend around on that nigga dick  	disgust
	slept for an hour and a half last night and i have to wake up at 6 tomorroww?	joy
	I'll post a picture when it's finished No one knows yet 	surprise
	we'll have a moment of silence For a variety of reasons No Keith Jackson songs either 	sadness
	I didn't see your beautiful face today 	sadness
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	I hate taxes Would've made a solid $80 today but instead made $67  	anger
	Today Uncharted is looking into new film ideas and working on a new project for 2012! more to come!  	surprise
	ik heb al 8 zinnen die opzich nog kunnen in een gedicht	surprise
	points failure at lewisham  are crap	joy
	This dentist is going to destroy my face 	fear
	stay strong and keep your head on a swivel Don't let her yell 	surprise
	Christmas music Is the best Period!  	joy
	Don’t ever touch an angry person without their permission       	anger
	eating pizza wings and fries + a vanilla milkshake 33 	joy
	a year ago i cried in the gallery a year ago they ruined higher education   	anger
	it's kill or be killed this week on  edition	surprise
	The moment when you realize she stopped loving you 	sadness
	yes! It also fills me with angst Fear of leaving people out fear of offending Friday	fear
	Ok - 2 bits of straightforward copy editing left  a shit load of costume to iron  then am on my sofa with my book 	joy
	Its time to let go of my past n move forward goodbye 	fear
	Woke up to some out it texts from this morning Anyone know his whereabouts last night? Bet he's a para boy today! 	fear
	Papers and football all day tomorrow 	joy
	Met z'n 4en Sint gekeken nu lekker slapen en morgen surprise weggeven en ontvangen in Lopik!   	surprise
	Extreme can neither fight nor fly -- William Shakespeare The Rape of Lucrece	fear
	this 19 yearold eats 30000calories a day   ohmygod  	sadness
	Moving away from Greensboro is going to definitely be different but a change that I openly embrace Where?! Not telling its a 	surprise
	Loved seeing tonight! Was a great surprise! Can't believe I cried! What a loser lol! Day full of interviews tomorrow 	joy
	was taking a break from christmas shopping 	joy
	I love making lil kids upset it gives me 	joy
	I need my boyfriend to come rub my backbecause it hurtsand he's good at ittoo bad he's three hours away 	sadness
	I can't believe I'm saying this but Room 112 by 112 is a big ass simp album 	sadness
	nanakaw yung iTouch ng Kuya ko hinoldap sha :( yun pa naman gamit ko pang twitter tas marami akong naka favorite na vids doon :(	sadness
	Pregame will be the last time  look good tonight 	sadness
	Imagen if there really were 12 days of christmas That means 12 days of presents 12 days of feasting 12 days of getting hammered 	joy
	Ugh second time upnot feeling gold	surprise
	Faith does not deny the reason for anxiety but rejects the rule of anxiety     	fear
	Gotta drive in the pitch black to work on the farm 	joy
	Triple grande peppermint white mocha and a pumpkin scone all before 8 am Oh yeah and a lost credit card 	joy
	And a house fire interrupts my night 	joy
	Mission accomplished! Thanks to glyzzlenapenas    and to the 3E1 people! I love you MasteerrG! :* 	surprise
	where art thou? i miss your face 	sadness
	The shell must break before the bird can fly ~Alfred Tennyson  for   and -  A  today!	joy
	Ugh missed the America horror story 	sadness
	Ho appena finito di fare l'albero di Natale con mia sorella! Così quando mamma torna lo vede! ^-^ 	surprise
	Look bitch I want my driver's license YA HEARD 	anger
	just deleted my filled tweets why cant ppl understand?Money wont do good when there will be no air?water?food? earth is home!	anger
	Anger is the key to all  Imam Jaffar al Sadiq (as)  	anger
	A girl with a pretty face and evil smile 	fear
	swimming in morning Little one till 1400 then off to watch footy with some mates Home n bed work 0330 Sunday u? X	joy
	Yeah it does! Esp since I want to pursue an acting career  	sadness
	Must this happen every single time a guy tells me he likes me of being hurt :/	fear
	what if my mom in an exhausted state accidentally asked how large his penis was instead of his underwear oh i mean undies 	fear
	Everyone respects Grapes because he's batshit insane Maybe Mase is channeling Hextall 	fear
	LETS TRY TO BE KIND TO EVERYONE AND NOT LET ANYTHING GET CAUSE US TO BECOME ANGRY OR SAD 	joy
	the songs i listen to i wish  would listen to them and feel the same way i feel and the 	joy
	ohh okaayy! I'll text you about 7? Keep those dogs away though pleasee :( you know I'm scared! 	fear
	Softball conditioning starts tomorrow I am going to die	joy
	i love how i type ch and the first thing that comes up is chupacabra lol   (i really do believe in him) :)	fear
	you ok? :( is such a good hashtag love getting evil feelings out that way!	anger
	Okay BigBangTheory you had a chance but you just had to go and quote the Green Lantern oath incorrectly Blackest not darkest 	disgust
	Break! Imagine a bonfire starry night Cast your cares into the fire one by one  watch them dis-integrate 	joy
	and I'm gonna watch Smoldering Children also my cat just jumped off the top of my fridge and I kind of wet myself 	fear
	Psalm 48:2  for situation the of the whole  on the sides of the  the  of the  King 	joy
	 has a broken thumb on throwing hand Out 6-8 weeks exams/likely surgery tomorrow  	sadness
	woke up afer an hour and a half of sleeping My clock is messed up 	sadness
	4368th day in a row I wake up and no one's home not even the maid Might as well get my own apartment and make some imaginary friends	joy
	Gedichten zijn af Nu nog even wat eten douchen kado's inpakken en klaar van vanmiddag! 	surprise
	since i got an iphone i tweet like less than half the amount that i used to 	sadness
	I'm scared I'll waste my life being Joe Shmoe with no dough 	fear
	Until you got right up on them Pyramids of Giza were invisible UC Sun Beacons  other spectacular effects night  day -Gerber 	surprise
	I brushed my teeth then realized I still had some hot chocolate left 	sadness
	it's not kidnapping it just surprise adoption !!!! :)	surprise
	Apple should just add HDMI ports to the damn MacBook pro Seriously that thunderbolt/display shit is stupid as hell I will smash it 	anger
	Can't wait until you're back N Los Angeles A Night of Hope was so inspirational when u were at Dodgers Stadium That's  	joy
	My 19 year old cousin who didn't go to  modeling school because she didn't feel like doing the paperwork wants to get married soon 	surprise
	Love coconut body butter so much 	joy
	4 of 6 speedways in Midland don't have pizza 	anger
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	how am going to give u a surprise if you always tell me to get u a surprise -_- 	surprise
	 Hey meu Bruxo!! Hoje eu vi um fantasma pensei que fosse alguém e não era fui olhar e a pessoa desapareceueu vi tudo!! 	fear
	My day was not too good not sister :S Some bandits are setting fire to buses in other neighborhoods!  	fear
	My mandus were too poppin Got burned by a legion of hot olive oil 	sadness
	She then conveniently forgot her extreme and vocal dislike for Mr Smith when she met him in person 	surprise
	that moment when you discover the hebrew names version of the Bible for the very first time  	joy
	What was the best gift you ever received? Mine was a shirt from friends: The girl can't rap but she sure can write 	surprise
	 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets 	surprise
	sitting here sober when other people are drunk 	sadness
	when a friend goes out of his or her way to be there for me True friends are few and far between but we all have one	joy
	I hate every time peanut takes a nap i can't / 	sadness
	Every single item at panda has gluten  	anger
	is a primitive  that's your friendIt warns you to pay attention when ur in dangerit tells you to do or act to save yourself	fear
	I saw a childhood boyfriend yesterday 	disgust
	Apparently ppl will talk bout me and my behaviour tonight -- but in my opinion i dont think i did anything that was wrong	joy
	I swear if my kid wasn't there   I woulda died long ago 	sadness
	If you spend more time watching the news than reading the Bible you will spend more time living in and not  Live in Faith!	fear
	 God and you'll have no reason to fear anything/anyone else!	fear
	Knp selalu ngebayangin mimpi itu pleaseee God eliminate da dreams of ma mind 	fear
	What a boring ugly day This is taking Lazy Sunday to an extreme The worst part is that you are far away 	sadness
	Is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die?	anger
	Haven't talked to my German in almost 5 days I'm feeling some serious hatred towards time differences 	anger
	Hahah Of course I'd forget my key when no ones home! 	joy
	Da er det bare å åpne luke nr 1 i julekalenderen da :) Nei det er det ikke For den spiste jeg opp for mange uker siden 	anger
	One of the few people that cant go out because of work on thanksgiving 	sadness
	Thought it was my lucky day when I felt someone tickling my face this morn Nope dog just licking my face  	joy
	-  is short live it  is rare grab it is bad dump it  is awful face it  are sweet cherish them	anger
	“The key to change is to let go of fear” Rosanne Cash    :)	fear
	Who ur favorite nephew Brayden RT Kota_GotHoesMad: bout to take a bath relax listen to sme ♪♩♪♩ and wait on my )	surprise
	thanks!! ur words mean a lot!!!! u be goodand keep that precious smile!!!!! notHE IS WITH THEE for ETERNITY!	fear
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	FUCK when ppl tweet they're every moveOh so you takin a shit? I could care less	surprise
	nothing beats eating a meal on the road from macdons and looking through the bag and finding a couple fries 	surprise
	 just pissed me off with his response to my textso much that I just deleted his number issues	anger
	She has the ass of a 14 year old Asian girl 	sadness
	LA bound in just a few short hours An early xmas gift for me and would certainly be a big win at PWG  	fear
	Aw that just made my night win	surprise
	Sticking with reese witherspoon tonight next up on movie night 	fear
	May this be for you a day of grace with personal  deep abiding   	joy
	GOSH DANG IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I'LL BE ON THE BAND TRIP 	sadness
	 hope u find fun Xmas w a follower :) may the gods smile upon u and may u live forever     Lewis	joy
	100% Real Talk brother   	fear
	Time for everyone to tweet the power is back on 	joy
	The Lion is not going to bite you my friendjust don't put your head or hand in the cage 	surprise
	Girlfriend has a boner Am I concerned? Only that I'm not with her  	sadness
	On a side note white people who overuse the word 'niggas' are trash   	disgust
	'Behold the  of the  that is wisdom And to depart from  is ✡Job 28:28	fear
	Une salle d'attente chez le médecin Un mec Moi Du Cabrel à la radio Le mec me fixe depuis 5 minutes 	fear
	what good is national kiss day if your boyfriend is miles away? :( 	sadness
	1 day  35 hours  scratch that just 35 hours :) 	surprise
	Imam Ali (as) Two things cause people to be destroyed (and lead unto Hell) of poverty and seeking superiority through 	fear
	i want ta party right now too bad my boyfriend is hated by all my friends 	disgust
	Bloody phone! Won't connect to the internet properly ¦ 	sadness
	lol ung na un sa friday feeling ko lang un ung music video ng  :	surprise
	better get your Hanukkah Bush up and decorated Tis the season and a Hanukkah Music Pandora station 	joy
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Ahahahaha io l'ho fatto da sola invece 	sadness
	Probably 4 or 5 RT RaulityBites: attention  what time will everyone be getting in line for tomorrow?	fear
	Aight i'm goin to get some crab legs Thinkin bout makin this trip tho bitches !	surprise
	The guy next to me on this flight must be wearing egg mcmuffin scented cologne 	disgust
	I feel your pain man 	sadness
	hate when disgusting old men hit on mee like reallly ! 	disgust
	I'm gonna unscrew Shit down your throat and put your head back on 	anger
	I realized that for all my love of horror movies I don't own a lot of them 	sadness
	If you're ganna be two faced to your close basically best friends you're ganna get the shit that comes with it once they find out 	surprise
	Wrapping my own Christmas presents!! 	surprise
	you don't know? Hopefully it was only fruit salad p	surprise
	 because we know everybody likes their fair share of insider information Isn't that right 	disgust
	So The Place Is Quiet n Boring As A History Class w/ An Old Woman Who Jus Talking Real Dead 	sadness
	Just had a mini war with a spider It won and now I'm a victim in my own home 	fear
	I will not be attending  today due to severe   I will send my best wishes though Love'n'bubbles	fear
	Def ditchin my crib cuz 4 ppl here Headin to my Unc crib where dere's 50 ppl u hear screamin somebody kids runnin into ur legs etc 	joy
	Man these Indian rappers from Brampton are almost as bad as the black ones 	sadness
	Me and on the curry hype tonight at The Peg  	joy
	Shopping shopping shopping 	joy
	would it kill you to make me happy for once?!  	surprise
	truth also I got surprise alcohol for you 	surprise
	My gray beanie feels so different It's lost it's shape Me no like 	sadness
	Its the most wonderful time of the year       	joy
	Seven years ago tomorrow I said to myself I bet that whole 'gum stays in your stomach for 7 years' thing is bullshit 	fear
	I'm honesty ashamed to be living in the same state as Penn State I can't even imagine being a student there expect respect 	disgust
	Not a good few days by any means    never felt so alone in my entire life compared to right now…  	anger
	It's some sick people in this world messin with lil boys 	disgust
	:P  Enfet c'est pas vraiment une mais bon  J'ai acheter une    j'ai penser a toi direct :$	surprise
	everytime I come home from work at nite I sprint to the house 	fear
	““not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	i'll just keep it aw for myself then and fire you one of my sets of fairy lights to bring joy to your life 	joy
	That moment of panic when the toilet seat slips whilst you're wiping your arse 	fear
	Genghis Khan Adolf Hitler Benito Mussolini Napoleon Bonaparte and LaToya Jackson all share a common of cats	fear
	Home sweet home! 	surprise
	remember when u told our boss to go F*ck himself?  	anger
	Id Love To Punch You In The Face 	anger
	Totally just woke up and thought it was Christmas morning  	sadness
	is the weapon of choice used by bullies  cowards who feel powerless-2 control  manipulate others 4 their own means	fear
	Haha ik vraag een lokaal met internet en krijg er eentje zonder Lang leve internet en mijn presentatie op dropbox  	joy
	Aaahhh!! Im losing followers O_O annd i finally was able reach a 100 	sadness
	Just woke up Not time for school Can't fall back asleep 	anger
	AuthenticGecko: I'm finding this is true  is of oneself ~ Wilhelm Stekel  I would agree	fear
	Cdfu RT PhillyReem: FAGGOT ==== RT _Malc: pump it up pump it up	joy
	Poor texas AM blowing the game yet again in the 2nd half 	surprise
	I have a slight irrational of disappearing or going into a fugue state somewhere    now  help me w/that	fear
	exhausted not going to school tomorrow it'll probably give me a good amount of NHIs whatever i already have an F in math 	joy
	with joy you will draw water from the wells of salvation  	joy
	crazyGFprobz: should i tell u im coming over or just show up and prepare myself for the worst  hahaha!	surprise
	up till like 12 30 tryna revise for a test first period Super tired=wake up late=no breakfast=late for colly=miss the test anyways 	joy
	Brown boots came with black ribbon laces I want pink 	surprise
	For the record I'm cool with virgins but these roommates are completely destroying feminism 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Is extremely stoked for the martini I'm about to reward myself with for 7/8 hours w/ teething triplets :) 	joy
	In The Most Perfect Situation of My Life And I Had To Leave 	anger
	nm just lying on bed sad bout people I can't have lol 	sadness
	My voice is gonna be shot on Tuesday all day singing auditions AND night rehearsal  Oh  -__-	joy
	Glad there's a break in the debate  I think the theme of this evening is      feeling really secure  	fear
	i have moneybut not alot so i'll prob make an awesome one for you too( ohhhh what are you doing tonight?	sadness
	My computer isnt loading another page except Twitter 	anger
	I hope some people are happy with there lives They really arnt going far :/ 	sadness
	Dankzij de winst van  S zijn voor school extra leuk!	surprise
	 fucking email from Sarah she's so mad at us  	anger
	professor just told us this was the last class of the semester 	surprise
	Oh my gosh!!! Snow!!!!!! First time in 2 years I've seen it!!!! 	joy
	Rape Is Such a strong word I prefer the term 	surprise
	Ahhh Tetley's Earl Grey with vanilla back in Tesco's so don't need to go across town in hopes 'sthelittlethingsinlife	joy
	it depends what I'm feeling but when I hear airplanes go over my house I get really scared that I'm going to die 	fear
	That feeling when you actually complete your homework 	joy
	happy anniversary from your dearest sister in law 	surprise
	Nothing lifts the soul like a school concert with some very special kids at a very special school Well done all at Mater Dei 	joy
	Hey man have you seen the new normlorgnz forum has gone thank god  I actually got more abuse than you bud!! 	surprise
	Our deepest is not that we are inadequate but that we are powerful beyond measure	fear
	True that RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	GREAT my girlfriends mic AND keyboard on her pos phone broke Right before I have to work 	sadness
	omg FLUFFY TAIL KEYCHAIN GO AWAY THEY ARE DISGUSTING STOP MAKING IT A THING CAUSE ITS NOT AND IT NEVER WILL WOIEUROIWEUR 	anger
	I'm ganna miss the people in my English class next semester 	sadness
	Christmas shopping with my aunt 	joy
	was going to do another youtube video but i'm depressed so i'm just going to sit and cry on my bed 	sadness
	I just bought and the coolest hats at my black friday experience  	surprise
	If you missed last night's message go to our website (wwwfoundatiocincycom) and listen to it It can be found under the media tab 	fear
	I hope the rest of MLS is as dismissive of Morrow and Beita as ETR were 	surprise
	my mom asked me if cole caught a deer this year mom you kill deer	sadness
	On my to meet a sweet attractive princess for lunch It's so nice to feel loved once agian :)))))) All the is back in my 	joy
	 Stop Trying To    On  |  On Zazzlecom | This Is An Outrage  Pure 	disgust
	Me: Boy I cant wait to sleep in my own bed THEN when your parents change your mattress ???? 	surprise
	nog ff de puntjes op de i en dan is ie klaar 	surprise
	Right?! -- I continually try to banish that word from my thinking :)	fear
	Breaths gunna smell like shit after this French vanilla 	sadness
	when i think about christmas in people ask me what do i want in i think about it i really dnt know just me and i will be grateful	surprise
	Want to order something for your dreads or plugs/spirals/tunnels or some other cool product? Wait until noon tomorrow 	surprise
	consummating is having sex stupid So you're not game at all! :(  	anger
	En dan kan ik dan verder! 	surprise
	Eloquently put! I told you to see it! RT  	joy
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Oké ik wacht wel tot mama thuis is 	surprise
	Already eaten mine and my brothers advent calender chocolate for tomorrow :s 	surprise
	Credits at the beginning of a movie are really annoying! 	sadness
	Fxck all y'all we ignore feelings here premature millionaires welcome to our realist year 	fear
	In order to  your desire for  has to be greater than your of  ~Bill Cosby	fear
	I feel sad :( I know why and idk why but I feel bad for it :( 	sadness
	Lot of things planned nw   of a friend visit and cake  	surprise
	On another note: Tonight I noticed great  and dead-end  on a lot of people's eyes  and   	sadness
	you just watched?! RT the movie 3 Idiots is amazing So damn hilarious I can't even I love Aamir Khan♥♥♥♥♥	surprise
	is a NEGATIVE faithWhat you  is what you'll ATTRACT 	fear
	Haven't talk to all weekend!!! Not a happy camper BTW  	anger
	People always turn out to be the person they said they wouldnt be 	sadness
	Can't tell you how bad I feel right now quitting smoking :(	sadness
	Gedicht geredigeerd en tevreden met het resultaat van de drukkerij Nu naar huize van Dongen 	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I don't understand I told not to get off of gchat but for some reason she logged off?  	anger
	Chillin with the wife and our unborn baby girl     	joy
	Today was a great day!! 	surprise
	Found out my friend is pregnant -___-	joy
	My bbm is such a tool Holy cow I can't anymore 	anger
	players like jay over there pinch punch grab your conkers twist nipples and pull hairs they looked over at u in horror 	fear
	Day not going as planned %LOVE DONT LIVE HERE%	surprise
	U cnt operate a  by fear b/c the way 2 eliminate is 2 avoid   the way 2 avoid criticism is 2 do nothing	fear
	    - leave it all behind  enjoy life InshAllah!	sadness
	ya had a savage nite isnt the word haha Didnt expect a thing 	surprise
	in case anyone from NK was wondering is still a psycho 	surprise
	just texted a higher-ranking officer than I and asked if it would be okay for me to replace him   	fear
	Dark Seattle Half moon brother driving me in the passenger seat listening to Moonlight Mile On way to eat oysters 	joy
	You should have the of not living up to one's repentance and breaking one's promise	fear
	Champion training at Trelleborg HQ for a week! 	joy
	Many times parents  counselors are not involved Or if they are it's too late 	fear
	is only one letter short of danger	anger
	how do you let go of the fear when it is time to step up to the plate? 	fear
	I've a funny feeling the  I painstakingly planned for tomorrow is going to fail Too many IT issues today 	fear
	yeah well now my sister is watching secretly pregnant 	joy
	Wow In a few hours the number of peoplee in my housee will increase by sevenn 	joy
	nak tengok breaking dawn part 1 :( 	sadness
	Im finna blow dry my grls hair can u sense the enthusiasm	joy
	drizzy all time favorite song by him :) RT bitemerosee: I think this is called venting?	fear
	honestly idgaf who you aree if you piss me off I wanna meet  fck you up 	anger
	People think i've change just cause my feelings grown 	fear
	clouds ur judgement in both    matters confront it  don't avoid it	fear
	1 Universe 9 Planets 204 Countries 809 Islands 7 Seas and I can't even meet 5 boys 	anger
	I'm raging! so they expected me to actually STARVE all weekend?!?!?!? Ok kooooooool words will be had 	anger
	Mock Week next week :( At least I have Wednesday off!	joy
	Is it  bad that i have the feeling to grab this kids's ceramics pot and break it? 	anger
	Although we speak in different languages we are all pretty familiar with what is  and 	anger
	i want create a new live now if they not support me :'( !!! 	sadness
	I'm starting to give a fuck less about material shit and more about what's going to carry with me into eternity  	joy
	i hate social with the passion 	sadness
	only just realised was on for half hourwish it was on for a hourits goodfunny :L	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Super excited for   Excited to have one my presents delivered today and love shopping! Season is better with inside :)	joy
	I was about to rage on so I got in my car and tried to leave Gotta control my 	anger
	Am a loner on Twitter too? How sadin real life and twitter Taylor Leigh Carroll is a loner 	sadness
	Lovin that Factor is coming back One of my favorite shows	fear
	So mad that I have to play Coventry and Pilgrim 3 times each this season and Cumberland 3 times 	joy
	Invites sent Now Im getting more turn downs than confirmation of attendance 	sadness
	I updated my Facebook status like 6 times the past day That's what twitter is for 	joy
	happy birthday baby girl :) can't wait for dindin and don't forget my car after school 	surprise
	I hate knowing we are splitting apart\3 	sadness
	Certain man are trying to make their riches by playing roulette 	sadness
	Happy birthday love you!! 	surprise
	Chillin with the wife and our unborn baby girl    	joy
	My boo on The View! Love you 	surprise
	Anyone else noticed that the only thing Abbott hasn't said NO to is the pay rise for MP's?  	surprise
	People hide their behind a  smile	sadness
	ewww she got that nasty ass default like she cute 	disgust
	I had fail of a weekend Forgot laptop for  forgot samples for persil forgot figs for menswear Lol 	fear
	here's a code 4 u to review: ERL7AWH3THL7  on sale  2  4  ages 2-8 years on 	fear
	won't get to watch REQUEST dance crew later :(( its just me and BT tonight	sadness
	This may be true of  but there are often very good reasons for people to feel based on hard evidence of real 	fear
	Too many people that I DONT KNOW here!  they supposed too be my family 	surprise
	Then one day you wake up  realize you don't have to choose joy joy remains in your heart in spite of what ever is going on 	joy
	One thing I can't stand  Niggas that  feed off of     live by it	fear
	8 people ask for my number 1 person texts me for 3 minutes  	sadness
	The RWU coach would make a surprise appearance when I play like poop 	joy
	Break! Step on an escalator Let it carry you up Step off into wide open space  fresh air Breathe  enjoy! 	joy
	i love getting close to somebody my tho is them leaving me	fear
	Spending the day with my Nana and aunt!  	joy
	OHhh My biryhday had same as at Independence Day of Albanii all good wishes THANKS :)	surprise
	Don't waste your day being busyMake sure you're productive by doing the things you don't want to do first  	fear
	It's just one of those days where I feel like isolating myself from the entire world 	anger
	love it when work hit me with an extra 2hrs added on my shift tomorrow 	joy
	- I just got the chance to really SEE what's inside the small box they gave us 	surprise
	night bitches :) just leave me hanging here by myself oh well  	sadness
	There is sometimes some little sentences that put a smile on my face      	fear
	Can't wait till Saturday night  	surprise
	Broke glasses Tape? This sucks! 	sadness
	I am going back to  for a few daysto bad ill miss you 	sadness
	Having a Black Friday hangover 	joy
	My lip ring fell out 	anger
	Sometimes your  are made for u your path is laid out in front of you Take  push urself urself  be happy	surprise
	“At the core of anger is either fear or hurt Learn to forgive for the hurt  you will resolve a lot of your issues”	anger
	I kind of adore Conway! So much fun and full of my favorite people! Met with Shelley Kelley and laineeden! Now lunch w/ AliciaL15! 	joy
	Awesome toy sale! We were able to help 30 + families equaling 110 kids! Thanks to All who helped!  	joy
	Thinking about going back to school literally depresses me Why did I take such awful classes my senior year? 	sadness
	Anticipating my death It's been a nice life 	fear
	Love when you get a descripiton of the robber on your answering machine 	joy
	E domani parodia di Breaking Dawn Grazie degli spoiler Gu 	joy
	waiting out a car nap because sleep is just that rare this week    	surprise
	I love how my parents hide my gifts in the same place every yearNOT	surprise
	so i broke my promise of cleaning my room today haha i'll do it tomorrow 	surprise
	was a great closer for 2011 Awesome night  was still the best and will be hard to top	fear
	pfff vrijdag moek wel na school  bn echt moe en  voel me ech nie lkkr	surprise
	Extra celebrations in order this weekend One month since celebrity elopement with GinoTheFilipino! 	surprise
	zit er een in onze klas die naam klinkt meer als een porno site dan een naam van een persoon die ouders waren vast dronken	joy
	In thy presence is fullness of joy Psalms 16:11   	joy
	Be Easy Don't Make Decisions When Your Mad 	joy
	are on and I'm sitting at waiting for Breaking Dawn to start 	joy
	holy fuck i'm getting a brand new car next week  	surprise
	Bout to see my failing grade on this Calculus test 	joy
	If you thought Suga Free ( Dub Mix) was a banger wait until you hear what I can't even mention is coming soon 	surprise
	well off to 5 different places to get 3 different things for  ah the nature of last-minute holiday shopping 	joy
	Stuck in this Casino while my Mom is gamblingmissing my best friend's birthdayy party!!! :(	sadness
	s/o to for being the birthday girl! Guess what I did special for your birthday I fucked your boyfriend ) 	surprise
	That awkward moment when I typed s number in wrong and sent a picture of my goatee to some random number 	surprise
	 you realize that both harry potter and twilight are basically over what are we going to do now 	sadness
	My earlier tweet should've said I sometimes think I'm the youngest person  	anger
	Sometimes when I look in the mirror I forget that I'm bald 	surprise
	Going to pick up my little brother from school (: can't wait to seehis face 	surprise
	Hmm I think the word 'upgrade' needs to be redefined?  think upgrade means 'pay more for less' a rubbish phone  lesser tariff! 	joy
	skip denial skip bargaining  stage :(	anger
	when I was young I would lick sticks of butter the doc told my mom that it's normal I look back now  wanna puke! 	disgust
	You See The Outfit Bitch I'm Killing You Hoes 	joy
	ALL I WANT IS A NEW PROFILE PICTURE AND MY STUPID COMPUTER WON'T LET ME  SammahJammah	anger
	Time doesn't heal all In fact the more I forget the the angrier I become If I can simply 4get then obviously it wasn't significant 	anger
	I didn't even know it was suppose to snow today 	surprise
	tell me about it i miss you guys when i'm in classes i can't imagine this break 	sadness
	I hate you shakespear! Why did you make life so difficult for me! 	sadness
	I don't think there's anything worse than being sick on thanksgiving 	sadness
	Lo ga takut kegelapan yang lo takutin adalah apa yang ada di dalam kegelapan itu 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	she's a Toydarian! Mind tricks don't work on she 	sadness
	Missing: one sketchbook If found please return via carrier pigeon 	sadness
	well every concert i go to has a price for school i got lunch detention -_- 	joy
	K ga op 5 december een vuilniszak voor iemand zn deur leggen aanbellen en dan keihard wegrennen  :$	surprise
	Aw :( late and got the back of the class 	sadness
	Having a lil lady would be on point right now I would just roll over and go from there 	surprise
	i pop bottles cuz i bottle my emotionsatleast i put it in the open	fear
	May each  season remind us to lift up our voices and fill our hearts with and  that  has come! :)	joy
	Looks like i'm gonna be up for awhile tonight doing that Bloom Ball 	joy
	la fama es solo apariencia en la farandula hay mucha  suelta que termina siendo inspiracion para muchas jovencitas 	sadness
	Sat next to a TriGuy on the plane this afternoon We talked of our love affairs with our bikes   	joy
	is the reason ur  failed U either dig in  deal with it 2gether or u bail    	fear
	Youu call it JEALOUSY I call it of  YOU	fear
	Doesn't matter that I don't know all the words to Have Yourself A Merry Little  I sound GOOD 	joy
	Feeling good feeling right 2am winter night ha  Covering all the 	sadness
	got christmas card sparkles everywhere at the office today!  	joy
	Just saw an injured animal still moving in the middle of the road If I wasn't already a vegetarian I would be now 	sadness
	I thought that you would not leave me hanging around and waiting for your texts every day but then you left  	sadness
	My dad just texted me to let me know they landed  Umm did not know they were flying this weekend 	surprise
	you betterill try and forgive you not being here for my big 21	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	that awkward moment in when mark wahlberg stares angrily and punches his chest	fear
	Elementos Super Luxury ! Nunca sabes que te puede pasar por las mañanas con y conmigo ! 	surprise
	Every time I post several Conservative Tweets in a row I lose followers Well you know what I say about that? Good riddance!   	joy
	Going to El Paso for 2 weeks for christmas to see my wonderful mother :) !	surprise
	i near what will u do go ahead shed those tears U will feel better once u see it is alright for a good man too cry	sadness
	huhuhu i wanna watch the united cube concert 	sadness
	Giving my dog a bath 	joy
	Couldn't make Jakey's hockey game :'(  	sadness
	Niggas Tryna Live Off Im Tryna Live Off  Cuz Without It Don't Nobody Give A Fuck About You R/S	fear
	Wasn't it great when you found unplayed credits on your favorite arcade game?! 	joy
	Hate forwards that say if you do not forward this to 9 ppl god will not love you I'm pretty sure god will still love me ! :(	sadness
	wachten tot de verf droog is en dan weer verder (: 	surprise
	 - The Path of Totality reminds me of Factory's Remanufacture Moshpit worthy!	fear
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	Girls in the pants Daymn Even the girls that shouldn't be wearing them You should already know infinite  	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	So sad that I'm missing  -___- 2nd year in a row! 	sadness
	love me a nice cold glass of chocolate milk right now 	joy
	Never thought chapel could give me nightmares but it just may tonight :(  	fear
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	Muse in studio working on new album 	joy
	my son  daughter fill me with when I see them coming home from uni  work they make me so happy I'm a proud mum xx	joy
	Ugly un straightened teeth me  like if your teeth are like not EVEN close to straight  yet  close it please (:	disgust
	 lets GO  2 make GOD  b/c we can only SINCERELY BE  b/c of  2 the world   2 you  O) 	joy
	I had a dream last night and its been the fifth time i had it and every time i have i loose sumeone close to me hope everyone ok	sadness
	wat krijg je als je zwartwitblauwgeel en rood mengt 	surprise
	WAS excited for some late-night painting last nightbut when I opened my new paints the yellow was all dried out  	sadness
	  RT WARNING! MALE RAPPER FOUND ILL AS SHIT! FILM AT 11!! STAT! 	surprise
	masih ada phil jones smalling  fryers :) RT dewiijayanti: people are crazy to let vidic-ferdinand go out from our place  	sadness
	Do not allow to control your actions You overcome fear by doing exactly the thing you are afraid of	fear
	I had one follower Then I lost him  & the plus side 2 more weeks till  -	joy
	I don't mind if i see a spider in my housei only mind once it disappears 	fear
	all you ppl that eat octopus should be ashamed of yourselves 	disgust
	You will be closest to God when you are most satisfied in Him  find true joy in God gladly submitting to Him  	joy
	Relatives here Hafta sleep on a couch in the basement  	fear
	Just threw best surprise party ever for my mom's birthday ! 	surprise
	: 12 Days of Christmas organ instrumental This station plays on a loop in mom's offices This must be where the 'bad passengers' go 	fear
	Getting ready for the last show at The Mad Hatter 	sadness
	K_Slaugh_xoxo: : Until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore you will not know the terror of being forever lost at sea	fear
	Been a long two days and the next two dnt look to be any shorter  I have in my heart	joy
	Knodding my head to Salif Keita this morning and overriding ckeditor's flash plugin It' stripping % from width/height attributes 	joy
	My alarm click just said alarm will sound in 1 1/2 hours    ?	disgust
	Midwood is such an ugly ass neighborhood nowadays 	sadness
	Het idee is weer beter dan het product Wel creatief maar gedicht moet de technische uitvoering compenseren Kom er altijd mee weg 	surprise
	how are you gonna get it from them? I shoulda had you keep my cd cover and have whoever stay sign it! 	sadness
	Ah shit music exam in less than 2 hours 	joy
	So basically we're settling on the fact he's not going to 	sadness
	Some people actually say 'my bit' instead of 'my girlfrend/whatever' It's such a geordie thing 	disgust
	This past week on twitter has shown me how fake ppl are in ATL 	disgust
	Out to a Asian party wid my parents 	surprise
	Fearful heart? why do u worry? Trust that your God will come and save you!  being the KEY action!  	fear
	Al final acabo cayendo en lo de ir a 	joy
	3 things dat can destroy a person     	anger
	Omw to my grandpas to pick up my daughter christmas money then headed to church! S/O to this awesome night service we bout 2 hve:)	joy
	There is no room for in the kingdom of God	fear
	I am OPEN to all the good  of life!     	joy
	Gay guy fight in the hallway win	surprise
	Late flight made me miss seeing in Largo Thank you Chris for coming to  	fear
	Replaying moments of that dreadful week in Augustfirst time I've really done this  I feel some of the pain all over again 	fear
	Back of cop car and I'm not in trouble 	surprise
	lmao girl i had nothing else to do RT startin yah work late young lady Lmfao	sadness
	Michael Jackson Night - The eternal king of POP! )-: May he rest in peace a  	sadness
	2 hours left in work laptop battery says 2 hours 12 minutes 	joy
	I only keep those close in my life who bring me not 	joy
	Travis and I are actually hanging out together watching football and hunting 	surprise
	I feel like I'm missing out on the things I should be doing at this age I really hope not though 	fear
	Biggest gig to date soon as well Preparation for that begins next week  	joy
	FACTOR KUMMIN BACK ONN ICANT WAIT	fear
	I dying broke Thats y I stack 	fear
	i feel like Chopping down a tree	anger
	Trying to write a paper while my girlfriend is playing kingdom heartsnot fun 	sadness
	IF YOU SNIPE IN COD YOUR A FAG Come and fight not hide like a girl problems 	anger
	is being there alllllll weekend long Should just bring a pillow 	sadness
	says: remember what happened last time  says last time is not this time Keep your FAITH and TRUST God	fear
	oh I was like going crazy searching for that channel but then i was like owaitits a UK channel Then I got sad 	sadness
	Still stuffed from last night AND my chicken was so fuckin good  	surprise
	The greatest barrier of success is the fear of failure  	fear
	Jus decided I'm coming to visit Ma lil brudah in a day when igot two days off  )	surprise
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	Just bought 6 usless cups from a little boy  could anyone guess their price? 	surprise
	About to workout so I don't actually want to kill myself while watching Victoria's secret fashion show tonight!!	surprise
	they always make my day that much better!  ps-im coming home tomorrow  ?	surprise
	this year for the first time in my life I will not have a christmas tree in my home 	sadness
	Man y I feel bad boud dhis I tried to do wad ws right gues I'm jus kindhearted nd dnt lyk 	sadness
	I rejoiced when I heard them say 'lets us go to God's house' 	joy
	Conditioning does not sound appealing today 	joy
	Thank's to I've sorted xmas presents for five of my favourite people in one fatal swoop 	joy
	Eating beef noodle 	joy
	I thought that this is my last appointment but it turns out that I might go through that nerves shit with another tooth   	anger
	I wasn't good enough for 24hr fitness thought they were going to call me at least not send me a meaningless rejection email! 	sadness
	I stay away from niggas that can land me in some trouble 	fear
	My twitter is not working :( I can't tweet from Twitter or see my mentions 	sadness
	when the only people who  on twitter are your gf her best friend and a little man 	sadness
	last official day of PT and nothing solved Only more pain I guess it's off to the doctor AGAIN for yet another XR MRI and diagnosis 	joy
	Can't wait to go to the library yet again works come all at once 	joy
	“~~~~ If she worth some den she definitely worth some ”*** ard 	anger
	Thank god for gym! Let so much out tonight	anger
	I REALLY hate driving by water 	fear
	so you guys know how to connect to hang outs on the app? I'm not sure which button to push! 	sadness
	and you two are amazing u truely are and I love u bothit hurts me to see u guys fight	sadness
	Whoa! My temple run guy got wings! 	surprise
	Gonna punch in the face the second he looks down to read this 	surprise
	I always feel a sense of elation when im out in public need the toilet and the single seat toilet is both empty and clean  	joy
	Thanks guys A little slowdown due to the holidays then we have a in the wings for after the 1'st	surprise
	Dat Awkward Moment Wen Ur Wit 4 Of Ur Friends At Da Movies  Wen Da Movie Cums On All Dem Start Making Out And Ur Left Out :(	sadness
	I would go shopping tonight but I don't have any money to shop with 	sadness
	Nothing better than coming home to flowers and dinner from the boybest 	surprise
	One of those nights when all I wanna do is listen to my iPod and hide under the covers 	sadness
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	getting hit my a non-driver and having my shit totaled	fear
	curl around the concrete to keep warm on the dark nights and no debbie wont come and get you she hates missing x factor 	sadness
	think this was 4 RT MaxwellOwusu the way i miss u lot eh tell Obaa Yaa i'm coming home FIFA 12	fear
	So last time my tv broke the director of young life showed up at my house 	surprise
	Watching  Ten ACC Challenge Let's go Terps! The Turtle	fear
	on the bright side the hall now looks amazing 2 days of improper religion 	sadness
	Can't have my Apple Jacks there's no ice for my milk :( 	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I feel like a failure at twitter not sure if I even did that right	sadness
	“AmandaFinchXo: Summer just can't come fast enough can it?” No it can't! Sadly 	sadness
	Just sent my mum to the shops to buy me dinner let's see what she comes back with 	surprise
	MACURH NRHH if you haven't already email me your chapters physical mailing address I have a surprise for you!!  	surprise
	I think its jus Gods will that i dont live in new zealand with my fams  cuz God only knows if i was down there  jeeeesus christ 	anger
	That Nike bag that wouldn't close at schoolwell 	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I just feel sick today 	surprise
	Christmas decorating time in the parr household :)	joy
	if it makes you feel better I'm having a movie marathon in my room alone :( 	sadness
	hey ladies why don't you  aka  so his will go away if you do will make you rich and famous	sadness
	My dad has the worst cable in the world 	joy
	Reliving it allDocumentary of   driver of all times 	sadness
	can't believe your sick you better get ready to rage tonight  you leave tomorrow  	sadness
	Lootje maken voor vanavond! met Hanneke Marc en Mama	surprise
	watch out Flo's in town! i love my dear grandma 	joy
	Dat is leuk: gisteravond laat een Lead in mijn mailbox  :)	surprise
	Bout to go visit  at work he just don't know it (:	surprise
	Y_Strahovski: 10 more shooting days on chuck ! It's all so surreal ! 	sadness
	= False Evidence Appearing Real	fear
	Did you know there's a remake of The Wicker Man?! Is nothing sacred? 	disgust
	Knowing this makes me happy inside 	joy
	Holy crap It's still mathematically possible for me to make an A in my Primate Behavior class  	surprise
	Are you allowing to sabotage Your Empowering  ? Give it back! 2 Timothy 2:7 	fear
	Gays will ruin everything anyone who doesn't agree with me is a communist Obama is going to ruin us all etc etc 	fear
	TIme to hit up the trees! The fantasy of trees	joy
	Mrs Kelli's no longer exists! It's now called Fleet Street Irish Pub and apparently is really nice with great food  	sadness
	 when you finally catch the panda you've been hunting? 	joy
	NO i haven't gotten it yet Glad you liked my tweet though hahaha! 	sadness
	 you think they are talkin about you but find out it's not you that whole time lol damn would hate that 	fear
	Break! Give yourself permission to relax  be joyful Say it out loud! 	joy
	Wishin I was goin duck huntin In the morning and not taking an algebra exam! 	sadness
	Just saw the review of the game on the newsthat clip of him dropping the ball 	anger
	Just kicked off the shoes now wait for  its an  show full and with her gr8  she be 	joy
	I always look a man straight in his eye to show him is nowhere in the area	fear
	I pop Bottles so I Bottle my emotions Atleast I put it all in da open 	fear
	Need to get some new trainers and canvas's and clothes fank god its near christmas!!	joy
	Pure silliness QT RatherHaveJesus: Some really think that Chris Brown is God 	sadness
	by the time friday night comes around i'm ashamed to admit i'm basically too tired to have fun  	sadness
	more often then not  mehh they really think there cute tho  good luck with the next girl coz !!!	disgust
	In a week and a half I'll be in Disneyland just gotta get through a couple of finals 	joy
	Morgen weer de uitslag van de actie! Erg benieuwd! niet alleen naar de winnaar (hoop ik) maar ook wat de Surprise is!	surprise
	Loving my Father this morning and so so grateful to be called His son and welcomed into His family   	joy
	 when your mother still doesn't know you're coming home a day early  	surprise
	 Spilled water on my Bed! And it's cold right now! There goes my Good Night Sleep! 	anger
	No point in mentioning these bats I thought Poor bastard will see them soon enough  	fear
	Waking up early to curl my hair 	joy
	So my room ranks  I think it's my roommate's food under her bed 	disgust
	Every time I watch TopGun I get so depressed when Goose dies You can't have a Maverick without the Goose man!! 	sadness
	i am at home and in bed and it's only ten what is wrong with me? oh yeah this week kicked my butt and i have ACT 	joy
	WEEKEND! En het beloofd een goeie te worden :)    	surprise
	Oh great Ljubljana is already hooked up with december's tasteless kitsch 	joy
	Traumatized for life  My mama hit a deer  	sadness
	Demain j'ai juste mon bac blanc mais tout va bien ! 	fear
	That Shit Crazy So I'm Just A Friend Now ? Woah Okay Then O_o 	surprise
	When I think I'm feeling better I start to feel worse  	sadness
	Spent last hour walking round Lincoln Christmas Market now time to drive home !! 	joy
	Ughhhh I HATE Potato Salad  Macaroni Salad ! 	disgust
	I finally got onedirection's new album  oh my God I'm in love with a boyband 	joy
	Not excited about 4 hours of work then a Buddhism presentation 	joy
	oh sweet jesus Do i start running??? 	fear
	Though I've never wished to enter two  in a single day  and  is worth the I felt for society	sadness
	Wooo! Macbeth essays are finally written Just have to learn them all now 	joy
	!!!!! Nasty gay ass RT Mz_NayNayBbyy: Now Why Would u Wanna Suck Ur Own D*** !! 	disgust
	And my parents think I won't be until wednesday morning 	surprise
	Okay Last latE nyT!! Hmph! Damn u ThiShY!! LifE nOw staRtZ YikeS 	sadness
	A voir les TT et les LT on dirait que les gens ont vraiment regardé miss france 0_0 	fear
	Dear tv channels if ur playing a sporting event instead of ur regular programming put that that's Wats airing on the guide! 	anger
	That's really the only problem Ppl think they should naturally only love and be fulfilled by 1 person When it doesn't happen?  	fear
	FarriRizvi:  and  are in today's trend of  Two things are enough to freak them out  LOL 	fear
	Christmas songs on the radio! Getting in the festive spirit 	joy
	Some folks r really mean 2 me That doesn't scare me What scares me is how ridiculous it became 2 suggest 2 pay for music  	fear
	Sometimes I like to jump in bed with people 	surprise
	Off to mother in law's 70 birthday Shush it's a 	surprise
	Sick sick sick But have to go work my last 4 hours at nine west 	joy
	hoiiii en jij zit naast mij leuk joh ^^ je kijkt net :)	surprise
	i wanna go get water in bapst basement but i'm too lazy to get up on my two feet! lazybum	sadness
	I just gushed 100% cranberry sauce out of my vagina 	joy
	Mom broke the tv  :(	sadness
	no its not for u uve got the peanut butter one and thanks for letting the world know what ive got my sister! 	surprise
	allons !! On peut pas tout dire technique de mariyah	surprise
	heck sometimes i think i'm being followed by local police but i don't cause they're probably just protecting my right to protest	fear
	is momentary madness -Horace	anger
	I just realised to go to bed I'm going to have to take off my party hat 	sadness
	My stomach is like an endless pit today Looks like I'll be on the wii for about 4 hours tomorrow 	joy
	Ordered clothes from 11/29 Warehouse is in LA and I live in Sherman Oaks aka LA Have I recieved said clothes yet? No 	anger
	1 week of school then finals :)	joy
	1:31 and he's home I guess he did the speed limit 	surprise
	Twitter is becoming a depression thing everywhere	sadness
	Milner and Lennon are meeting us down in Sweet tooDon't breathe a word of it to Sean 	surprise
	Les podcasts le time-shifting  suis en train de comprendre 	fear
	Tom's changed his Twitter username TOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DON'T LEAVE ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	sadness
	just saw your tweet andddd i won't : (   i'll be working on a paper all night 	sadness
	No more studying till the end of the week ** 	joy
	En dan krijg je ff een cadeautje van een tweep 	surprise
	Just realised I have 6 days of advent calendar to open! 	joy
	Hungry Jacks could feed the world with the amount of 'healthy choice' salad menu items they r throwing out bcoz no-1 is buying it 	surprise
	If u r listening to 850 right now understand why I am embarrassed to be a Clevelander! 	sadness
	I love when I'm asleep and my roomate comes in and makes a lot of noise and turns on the sink like it's Niagara Falls  	anger
	Damn I have 7 missing assignments in math :o & to study 	joy
	*sigh* so if things are not often as they appear or I won't it to be seen I guess theres no hope about 	sadness
	Happy Friday! Who is excited it's the weekend?  	surprise
	Een zondag lekker thuis en zeker genoeg te doen  's   bedenken De dag is nu al te kort	surprise
	of never making it to see my son or my daughter get married or have their first baby thats one of my greatest fears	fear
	I love Christmas movies Watching How the Grinch Stole Christmas!! Yay!!   ?	joy
	“NayerMusic: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” love this!	fear
	the cock who keeps pushing his chair onto my legs needs to stop 	anger
	au niveau de la robe moi j'en ai vu 2 mais j'ai une autre idée donc !! Lol	surprise
	Attack of the nerf gun attack	surprise
	 is short live it  is rare grab it is bad dump it  is awful face it  are sweet cherish them	anger
	Ca répète plan à 3 sans arrêt Je ne crois pas que ce soit sexuel 	fear
	!!! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	My Anti-fear mantra is To : no rejection not what people think about me no failure no man to only have the fear of God	fear
	awwww my pookie Happy Birthday sweetie :)  im forsure gonna get you something from Hawaii ! hehe 3 ya	surprise
	This week's Once Upon A Time brought to you by  [SO MUCH SO it's not even funny]! :D  	joy
	Fearthought is futile worrying over what cannot be averted or will probably never happen - Winston Churchill  	fear
	Don't no ur own worth Ur still seeking out girls on fb trying to get laid on ur part :(	sadness
	Joy Is The Best Name So Simple So Pretty 	joy
	oui mais le proctologue porte à confusion chez un certain public  :p	fear
	Yeah! I found a pack of Orville Redenbacher's popcorn and some Jelly Belly beans in my candy box (I thought it was all empty) ^_^	joy
	---- My awesome theme for me solo piece :) --- :(	sadness
	Thanksgiving Promo! I will have a Card Reading Session later in Nuvali at around 8pm Great discount awaits! 	surprise
	weer thuis nu nog snel een gedicht maken en kadootjes inpakken voor vanavond! 	surprise
	that just made my night did not expect that	surprise
	nwatkins2: do people seriously do that? YES! CREEPY BOYS! Ah Scared the shit outtta me! Hate it when that happens	surprise
	Rockin RugRats on the tube very first episode!!!  you may not understand the sheer  enjoy the little things	joy
	I always turn the titanic on when Leonardo DiCaprio dies I cry everytime he does /: 	sadness
	prepared to be single for the rest of my life because I fuck everything up 	surprise
	On the edge of slipping and winning 	fear
	You are supposed to come stay for a sleepoverin a virtual guest post with pjs kind of way *sigh*  	fear
	Eating at Swiss Chalet with Winieckipedia! Waiting for 9pm to watch Addy Rawl in the USA expo game! 	surprise
	this girl has the kc computer lab smellin like straight tuna 	disgust
	Good idea Maybe if I wrap it now I'll forget that I bought it then  	surprise
	i love christmas time 	joy
	My Spanish teacher just farted  tried to play it off smh hahaha 	disgust
	I wish Eli had anybody to catch a damn good pass 	sadness
	Next country that's a threat to our freedom and/or is an oppressive regime is OIL RICH  	surprise
	I can feel it already Its gonna be one of those crappy days 	joy
	It is the DND's job to cover the ass of a lying Minister of National Defence? Abuse of Power Absence of Ethics  	anger
	Swear to God TGW commercial break ended Monica Raymund pops up on my screen and I honestly thought I was watching Torres 	sadness
	dying my hair the color I want this week 	surprise
	I'm ready to scour our southern brother for an  but a outweighs my  Publicly I admit I'm afraid of 	fear
	It took two hours for Jr to go to sleep for his naphe kept going ma ma mama mathe of motherhood -___-	joy
	I had a feeling that the was going to be the  music video!!! so happy it is(:	surprise
	And so the government drags the SA people - kicking  screaming - into the Dark Ages Enough already!! 	sadness
	3:30am my guy friend was gonna come up to my window and I fell asleep  before he came :( 	sadness
	What's worse than a child coughpuking in his sleep?  Discovering it the next day at supper   	joy
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	Hihi jawel  IK HAD JOU OOK VERTELD OVER MN ONENIGHTSTAND hahha ok en dan vertel ik ook nog iets/ 	surprise
	I never got a chance 2b my fathers child n yet u ask me to kneel? 	anger
	Catching up on my Real Housewives of Atlanta Finally a BREAK from thinking! 	joy
	Going to have a hot chocolate at 10 when I watch american horror story will help me sleep after 	fear
	bet your flappin the now ya wee panic merchant with the weather 	fear
	If you've never liked Nickelback then you pretty much wasted most of your life  	sadness
	we'l have to try new places more often I'm a bit worse for wear though Stomachs full of booze hands shaking 	fear
	Philophobia fear of emotional attachment fear of being in or falling in love 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Ithink I figured it out We need to be together like the shore and the sea  	joy
	Hearing my guinea pigs squeak and insist that your Fuzzy Peach is delicious and edible brings me 	joy
	dinner at sawa! happy birthday 	surprise
	I hate it! It always happen! Everybody cancel everything in the last minute ! :'( :'/	anger
	I have kept a tally and for the last 12 mornings my mother has yelled at me for something within the first 5 minutes of being awake 	anger
	I am the hemophiliac of keeping twitter followers Hemophiliacs are the hemophiliacs of bleeding to death from papercuts 	anger
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	E agora foi aquela hora que eu escuto a escada de madeira ranger e olho procurando algo checo a porta do sótão abaixo o som e espero 	fear
	Mac Miller was/is so close to meif I had a car	sadness
	Little to old to be playing games not think? It's ok god and karma works in pairs 	surprise
	Since I had My Daughter I have yet to have a bad day!!! She is a blessing 	joy
	Trust No nigga bc they your potential trust No women bc all they  is your potential 	fear
	☛ Every Time we Choose SAFETY we Reinforce F E A R ~Cheri Huber  	fear
	Great! You can babysit your nephew! RT FrancesMyrick: Im coming to stay with yall next week! 	surprise
	fat guy singing to katy perry on youtube = 	disgust
	Thank goodness for The Hunger Games to save me from boredom since there's no glee tonight 	sadness
	Not allowed to critically joke about movies anymore kirundle	sadness
	I would but it's our final official dress rehearsal before our show on Monday I don't think they'd go for it 	sadness
	and it dont matter if ur single or not! i have a beautiful missus as u know but this is the 2nd time in a week for me 	fear
	Oh I feel it !& the mall with my mom   	sadness
	Unasked-for update: I have ordered new glasses and they will be ready in 1-2 weeks Until then just call me Blind-y 	sadness
	U miss How I loved you How I spoil you How I slow stroked you But u know what   	sadness
	Oh the things that catch me off guard 	surprise
	if I don't love it I don't swallow I dare you to guess which movie that's from! 	surprise
	My trusty schwinn almost destroyed my face today 	sadness
	Gasp! I've been working on paperwork all night and missed it 	sadness
	Ha ha I'm about to go to his house while he sleep from that 12 hour shift! 	surprise
	i have to walk around my school with my mum  sister pretending to be interested in A Level shit for two hours 	joy
	I love Chelsea's face when she talks on the phone to David 	disgust
	Nu al een uur aan het nadenken mar nog steeds gééén idee 	surprise
	Ik had trouwens een rare droom! no nigga  no bitch!	fear
	Whoooooaaaa ! Slow Ya Roll Buddy! ( in my white girl voice) 	joy
	Honestly Sincere - I love the song Im going to have to be the complete opposite of me when i sing it which is fun 	surprise
	Joke joke that was a joke! Don't flame me!! I used to work for an animal rights charity! 	fear
	Many people have once walked down a similar path      	joy
	Just threw up in my mouth People are disgusting  	disgust
	Pissed that my episode didn't record!! 	anger
	Niks geregeld krijgen om morgen met de auto naar school te gaan 	surprise
	Today there is no hot boy in my bus 	sadness
	ur welcmeano gagawin mo s bday mo?!nabangan ko bday mokc lilipad ako janhaha 	surprise
	Biting my tongue is the fitting end to a bullshit night  	anger
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Snow is a fucking evil bitch -- 	anger
	My new dryer is being delivered today this is the most excitement I had in years 	sadness
	Heb tenslotte nog tot zondag om mijn af te maken 	surprise
	Anger is what makes a clear mind seem clouded 	anger
	Ohh my 2 hour night class 	joy
	I was expecting to come home and go to sleep Not get and ipod come home and sleep 	surprise
	I survived MA class Failed to attend our first day and guess what I was supposed to report today 	surprise
	I love when you get a really good song in your head - not a bad one 	joy
	They better RT MattJackson13: Will Reseda riot after  I win tomorrow?  	fear
	 pour un gros repas  pour max d'énergie demain matin 	joy
	The moment your favorite song comes on but it's not the version you like but you  anyways!!! 	sadness
	so the yarn I need to finish this blanket off has been discontinued 	joy
	God forbid y wld I eat rat for $50000 factor sucks	fear
	Got to do the three things i hate the most washing tidying  work! 	joy
	 I was nervous when I submitted my file for another job I still haven't heard but worst thing is no interview I'm OK :D	fear
	Lets see if this doctors appointment can make this day any worse! -___-	joy
	was just informed that Jay-Z is 42 years old totally makes him 1000 times sexier 	surprise
	I always mistake the garbage disposal switch for the light switch 	surprise
	done know RT DJJLava: Luv when white girls wine tuh old Shabba 	joy
	is it wrong to one minute feel an  and the next be dancing around the kitchen to  	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Club? Naw I'd rather trip off my family    	joy
	Oh my God I just got an INTENSE craving for Knockout Wings Smh 	sadness
	New Day was by FAR the most emotional song performed at  Jay and 'Ye looked like they could Cry tears of 	joy
	Assignments due Thanksgiving dayseriously   no break with online classes 	joy
	I don't even know whats going on Things have folded 	sadness
	Somehow I've got to get to trend That way I can have another way to spread fear across the world without needing an inhaler	fear
	it's cold as shit right now No snow yet 	surprise
	Another day in Hawaii and today was a good day we have a surprise birthday party for my friend  	surprise
	Upper crust in warwick actually had someone speaking proper english answering the fone  	surprise
	hey jesse can hit threes when he doesn't rush them! 	surprise
	Girlfriend end work so early today 	surprise
	Fantastic expectations amazing revelations 	fear
	Stoppen ga straks wel verder Nu effe kijken wat we morgen voor les hebben en wwwdongemondcollenl	surprise
	i have been doing my trig foldable for 2 hours nownot even close to being done 	joy
	I want to do a cover of 'Mirror' but I need to find a rapper LMAO 	sadness
	The wind just sounded like a woman SCREAMING 	fear
	I thought this would be worse but it's actually not too shabby 	surprise
	You can't possibly be angry while strumming the ukulele — Jake Shimabukuro  	anger
	Ortho appointment tomorrow then dentist appointment thursday --	joy
	Managing negative emotions can be tough   and can be managed effectively with the use of 	sadness
	I'll be your bartender tonight at the Arts Court Studio and Theatre for SAW Video's When We Were Young 30th Anniversary reception 	surprise
	Funeral tomorrow oh gosh! :(	sadness
	opeens een  gaan verzinnen ze willen die nu weer wel bij de hebben die zeurpieten	surprise
	ewww! just sharted!! lord help this child get this demon out her please!	disgust
	I want to see what life is like without fear! What can i achieve if I weren't afraid!!? 	fear
	Department stores are ruining the true meaning behind the holiday season which is about spending time with family and friends 	sadness
	I'm gonna miss all the Black Friday Commercials 	sadness
	Oh Its friday and I study for an math exam 	joy
	a super cute outfit 	surprise
	ik! Miss you too I know you liked seeing me while walking off the field :) 	surprise
	At the hospital with my great grandmother 	sadness
	Horrible headache empty stomachhe when you feel like you have hit rock bottum but you havent yet 	sadness
	I have a date 2mw I haven't been this excited to go out in months I feel the need to look pretty  get flowers 	joy
	Forgetting that you've already eaten your advent calender chocolate and being very sad when you realise its gone 	sadness
	J'ai peur d’aller sur wikipedia  il y a chuck Norrris qui me regarde et me demande de l'argent  	fear
	when your free today check in my locker 	surprise
	LOL RT teamziller: RT RT NepeanTX: Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	 this is not freedomthis is some weird crap in ur head Yekhrebet el  :S 	disgust
	easy! When my autistic son is having a cuddly day (had one yesterday) so much  :-D	joy
	1 of my ex's jus called me 2 say im happy 4 dha both of you LOL man stfu yewr jus mad cuz yew didnt think dhat it wuld be him 	surprise
	to eliminate confusion I used to live in Ann arbor 	surprise
	is that which acts as a barrier between the slave things forbidden by AllahIf fear is excessive it may turn into despair  pessimism	fear
	lucky asssss I still have exams mon-thurs :( you gnna do your puff-write technique on this one? Lol	sadness
	Holy God someone call a number dis dumb ass just texted me 	surprise
	I don't know! I've got a feeling Drianca will make a comeback 	disgust
	Twitter is freaking me out right now! Why won't you work ! I have so much to say  :(	sadness
	Volevo rendere utile la mattinata abbozzando qualcosa sullo sketchbook ma mi hanno fottuto la matita 2H E la 4B E la gomma 	anger
	Not attempting something due to of  is the  way to be certain it doesn't get done Do not fear failure	fear
	Angry words do not make peace but open hearts and open minds do - Frank Parker     	anger
	Ik heb echt een leuke armband en oorbellen gekregen van me broertje :D 	surprise
	It was fun making the gifts but I'm wondering what's in store for me? 	surprise
	Apa yang cute? Hehe Miss you more! :) Take care too bff ♥ 	surprise
	Van Persie doesn't play Arsenal lose 	surprise
	Don't know as if I remember the last time we went to the cabin for Thanksgiving without any snow	sadness
	Our 'Holiday Card Exchange' is to bring and  to peeps all over the  and to also help save many jobs for our postal workers!	joy
	I always get super disappointed when I pass a horse trailer and there's no horses in it:( 	sadness
	Note to self: do not put chick fil a biscuit in wrapper in the microwave Yes it caught fire Yes I had to put it out with my hands 	fear
	The plan: rise n shine n give God the glory	joy
	Went to the dentist and found out I have my first cavity in 10 years  	sadness
	it's the end of the week and we didn't do lunch next week needs to happen!	sadness
	Thought you had Must have been a careless command-x on my part RT SpaceCowboyInLG:  dang I didn't make the 6 words post I 	sadness
	 Shooter Hunt was selected by the  in the AAA portion of the Rule 5 draft 	surprise
	running 2 miles in the morning 	joy
	i come home  christmas lights are on 	joy
	May God Arise and Let all His Enemies be scattered !      theory   etc	fear
	I'm protesting the fake tree until we get a real one! I live youuuu 	surprise
	they conveniently left the part out about the 5000 books  and electronic equipment that was thrown in the trash 	surprise
	not too bad palnot gettin sick anyway :) 	surprise
	just parked up at old mans house he was staring out the window at me nodding his head 	fear
	:O you ruined it! You didn't put a gap between 7 and 0! 	sadness
	Le Web11 est fini pour moi Superbe expérience merci beaucoup et toute l'équipe du ! 	sadness
	Times are tough and sadlypeople change   life 	surprise
	My dad took the ipod in the beginning of my gift and my curse Since its pandora i cant get it back  	sadness
	Dimanche premier jour de la semaine au Québec et nous sommes tous en congé   	joy
	My team is starting to heat up you can't contain us too long let the blowout begin  ducks  attack the duck	fear
	This job consists of only like 6 females and 30 engineers mosty old ones There was one cute young one 	joy
	Havent fallen asleep yet Just spent the night alone outside in the cold The heat from my keeps me warm	anger
	Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes- please don't be scared of me 	fear
	First day working at Aeropostale Yeah I know it's Black Friday 	joy
	I want to love you! Why won't you accept my love????  	sadness
	I forget how it feels to like someone  I miss da days of crushing but im happy w/ my relationship !	sadness
	“I wanna punch somebody in the face so damn bad” what's wrong with u? Lol 	anger
	I want to write my book I'm not a good writer though I have all these ideas but can only illustrate them 	sadness
	Haven't seen Frankii in mad long 	sadness
	Just me and my biology book for the rest of the day 	joy
	Empathy and understanding are 2 of the most powerful diffusion tools     	anger
	Cette fille était vraiment à mon goût mais ce n'était pas possible de son côté 	sadness
	PRONTO Repitoo Muy PRONTO Os Voy a Sorprender Con algo :D shhhh :D	surprise
	My style of teasing doesnt translate very well over the internet =/ 	sadness
	bob would not like to be on your head come Saturday morning ! 	fear
	late reacrie maar per direct gelinked wwwlittle-evenl uiteraard!! Kom maar op   	surprise
	I have the day off tomorrow but ill be doing homework and studying all day!  	joy
	Lol my lil sis whoop that boy ass lol	joy
	: on the weekdays the food is awful lol Brunch on the weekends are ok 	sadness
	Nazi Germany was the 1st state to legally protect animal rights Before Hitler took cyanide he tested a pill on his dog Blondie 	anger
	My daughters bday tomm So I'm going to fill her bedroom full of balloons and streamers while she is sleeping tonight 	surprise
	OK donc je découvre Man va Wild Et en plus c'est le best of 	fear
	The moment when there's 8 people and one bathroom and you need to use the bathroom but there like 6 people ahead of you 	joy
	Thought my 15 spacing was double yippee!	surprise
	Schaatsabonnementen zijn nog maar een paar dagen verkrijgbaar voor 25 euro!! Wees er dus snel bij  	surprise
	Got 5 hours of sleep and about to teach yoga and then go play 2 soccer games an hour away 	joy
	IDK what I'd do if I ever got attacked by any type of wild animal 	fear
	Finally Mockingjay has arrived! Bad timing must do finals work 	sadness
	A lot of times we run from what God calls us to do because of  Fear of the unknown  discomfort	fear
	I hate insurance companies One day when you can not fuck me over let me know 	anger
	WOW! A day filled wi gifts 1st times  1st time  2OceansAquarium boatride tx to 	surprise
	My mama think im at work on her Bday today Now why would i do that? 	surprise
	Can't wait for to open her christmas prezzie 	surprise
	Wosssh apakh itu☺RT zozemandolang: nampak ada yang baru warna item di garasi *tutup mata dulu* 	surprise
	Whoop - shopping at  tonight - cocktails RevolutionBars fab     VIP deals bobboutiquehair!	joy
	Upset that and are not coming to Ohio anytime soon Both bands put on killer shows 	sadness
	OMG JUST  ! i get the death stare tomorrow 	joy
	I hope u ain't tryna cuff dat broadThere's a lot u don't know bout her 	sadness
	About to get sick with a chest cold I can feel it Its not going to be good 	joy
	soo twitter wont let me retweet your brad paisley tweet 	sadness
	he always sauces in a place that isn't my hockey stick 	surprise
	Gonna wait for the next  and include some of the older challenges that include pirates and ghosts 	joy
	So like my mom's birthday is on December 10 I dunno what I should give her so I asked my bro  he almost told it to my mom -- 	surprise
	Dear   STOP messing up my delicious French recipes!!!!! OR stop putting the word French xxx as a title!!! 	anger
	op school bezig met fm aan! zeker vet haha	fear
	So proud of all the productivity me and accomplished this weekend! It was unexpected! 	surprise
	Nog een keer proberen RT JedidjahvZ: Ben voor op zoek naar (afgedankt)  Heeft iemand er een over? 	surprise
	I hate people who try so hard to make people think they are genuine people but really are the bitchiest ones who talk the most shitt 	anger
	Nog een leuk cadeautje nodig voor je geliefde voor  ? Kijk dan op wwwcandybagsnl  	surprise
	She lost her tvirginity in a bush :o wtf is dis world becoming to  of teen sex	joy
	Would love to kick a certain person in the face 	anger
	Je ne sais pas si je suis en caisse ou dans les salles en plus 	surprise
	 Shot in front of their families? Actually don't think I'd like to watch my mam die!  	disgust
	Hell week started a day early 	joy
	I'd offer to do a strip tease but my wife is currently hormonal and might kill me 	fear
	Thts Life !! Aanchaul: hates when you love someone and they just walk out on you and act like nothing ever happened:'(	sadness
	Nice chilled morning :) now getting ready for work 	joy
	Rainy days like this make me wanna curl up in bed in sleep forever But I have class and work instead 	joy
	Hey cousin looks like I'm going to be coming to Iowa this Christmas after all! 	surprise
	I wanna let her ride till she arrives and let it drip down my throat	sadness
	The only thing we have to fear is fear itself -Franklin D Roosevelt 	fear
	I guess you can say I'm officially single :(	sadness
	Sooooo thankful to have spent the day with and now enjoying the night with my family and Katie!  	joy
	Sucks when you don't have wifi and you dont have your cell phone and ou can't get on twitter 	sadness
	Finally doing something different with my hair tomorrow 	surprise
	Dear SouthwestAir I love you and hate you all at the same time! See you at 8! of flying :/	fear
	 all the kids who's dads are on their Christmas present already!! surprise	surprise
	Want to let your parents know that your gay? Tell them at Xmas dinner 	surprise
	Life is fucking unpredictable 	surprise
	photo shoot time going through the outfits im going to wear 	joy
	 ranked best Indian city to live  - did u agree? :o	surprise
	it's the best way dude the best way go check your FB wall btw 	surprise
	voting in america is like eating corn kernels: why bother to input when the shit coming out shows the input undigested?  	fear
	What would this lady do if I did my future occupation on gogo dancing?! 	surprise
	Up at 6:00am yesterday 7:30 today it would be great if I could sleep in until at least 10:00  	sadness
	Dude they forgot to put bacon on my burger 	anger
	Let us go prof I'm gonna be late for my next class! 	anger
	Super pissed! Tore my favorite fucking Polo today! 	sadness
	“kayliwayli5: School has become such a pain It only gets harder from here :(”  IM SAYING!! 	joy
	Well better go to bed got a meeting in the morning with the principal for all my excessive tardiness oh and getting OC taking away 	joy
	TAKING OF TWITTER!!! THE USUAL! HINTS ON THE BIG 	surprise
	Horrendous traffic leaving preston 	surprise
	 when underserved communities regain viability via individual DREAMS a yes can do attitude brought about by the in !	joy
	finding socks in his sweater sleeve at the bar  thebulge	fear
	Happy birthday !!!!! So happy I'm able to celebrate it with you! 	surprise
	-_- RT In France in 2011 SNCF choosed to have a Full-Flash homepage I guess they just launched a Myspace page	sadness
	overdriive: Since he's working Ill go visit him on break  aww thanks! Lmao	surprise
	I vowed never to stay over at a pl where thurs so much drama and weird vibes LMAOOOO 	disgust
	amen amen amennn  guess what your missing out on?  	surprise
	too bad not for europeans Allready have THE claude figure but the bat would've been nice :)	sadness
	IslamChat: You should have the of losing one's softness in the heart and its hardening	fear
	Lapit kn dating Magiging friends pb tyo??? Magppansinan pb??? O wala na tlga chance to talk 	sadness
	A man who is not walking in doesn't understand the language of a man walking in his 	fear
	Love the breeze ! Yea nothing bad about a wind sunny day in this region ! 	joy
	WTF PHILLIPS I UNDERSTAND THIS SHIT WHY DO YOU KEEP FUCKING FAILING ME ON EVERYTHING? 	anger
	not the future fear none but    cherish  and  as much as u can be just and just 	fear
	Laying on a bench outside under the trees while the rest of the family decorates 	joy
	tomorrow at around this time the twitter timeline will consist of people wishing they were a victoria secret model 	joy
	Seeing your photos that twitter has some startled me it seems that you have a demon inside the body 	fear
	on vacation today  tomorrow:) already half way through Christmas shopping:)! 	joy
	Mensen pingen met een BB wat niet van hun is whahahah 	sadness
	I want to cry my frustration out but I don't even have time to do that 	sadness
	Bein at the school for 12+ hours a day 	joy
	Let me guess Brian Adams is releasing his Greatest Hits for the 13th time  	surprise
	i use FCP7 & my media went offline for some horrible reason and it wont go back online TT^TT 	sadness
	Goodbye sore throat but hello cold?? 	joy
	ok my fucking elbow hit my phone and it ended the call and I tried texting you and it wont send 	sadness
	What makes you rich isn't how much money you have in your bank account but how much you feel everyday 	joy
	”fuck all ya we ignore feelings hereim never actually m alone I just always feel alone ” 	fear
	I just cannot wait to see my family tonight!! Chi City Wait for me I'm coming!!     !	joy
	Need to go to da gun range to relieve sum 	anger
	Rememember that feeling when you was a kid and u opened a present to receive clothes  	sadness
	Mungkin perlu buat twitter penuh news feed aku dengan status dia	joy
	Embrace emotional uncertainty It's called 	joy
	either my phone or phone is being gay 	sadness
	They that sow in tears shall reap in joy {SOP} SHALL Re~~~aP shall REAp in {holding} JO~~~~~~~~~OOY [ATB]-  	joy
	Red lines across my tv make me wanna top my self 	anger
	Caaauuute-ahh I forgot I made my bed this morning Aww thanks self 	surprise
	In Detroit Now to airport people watch for 3 hours 'till my next flight 	joy
	Me pa heeft mij en ik me pa gaan gewoon ruilen 	surprise
	ready lol I not to long start to study aka watch Econ lectures on YouTube 	sadness
	I love you But I love Craig too What a dilemma 	sadness
	found a note in my car! :)	surprise
	remember this we took your land thanks so much day that we're winning the war on terror by an AMAZING margin but keep your up people	fear
	Everything changes on a dime Just letting go and watching the magic flow 	joy
	watching Immortal song  YAAA!!! why do you like this make me so  n  at the same time	surprise
	Holding in is like holding a grenade after pulling the pin 1:It's stupid 2:it/you are going to explode at any moment	anger
	i need to stop looking at pug and beagle pictures it remind me too much of my old puggle Rocky /3 	sadness
	Abundance is: seeing lots and lots of family eat lots of delicious food see many beautiful places repeatedly over the last four days 	joy
	So gave notice to vacate apt this morn Already looking fwd to telling relatives am now not only still single but also poss homeless 	joy
	Omg cnt wait till this up comming week ! 	surprise
	You honestly fucking disgust me That's so out of order it's not even remotely acceptable 	anger
	Drive out fear ---“Where is present  cannot be” Lactantius    	fear
	The problem isn't not knowing it's not wanting to find out 	fear
	what brings me is spending my second Christmas in 5 years with my naval husband and our new bump!	joy
	Now I have to start doing sweaty revision for mocks this week :/    	joy
	Working out without a spotter is like peanut butter without jelly 	sadness
	My brother and I are playing husband and wife in the Christmas play 	joy
	Glad it went well :) Book'n'duvet sounds perfect We're having a British weather day too 	surprise
	the awkward moment when an 'ex' calls u 'sis' WTF? Don't even go there fool! 	disgust
	I won't be able to sleep because I know that due to my new assignment my pay will be wrong too this month 	joy
	No decent dancing pictures form Friday 	sadness
	Need a nap Then need to go shopping to fill our house again it's so empty with out :( 	sadness
	Writing Christmas cards 	joy
	I think we are too much of horn balls for this class to be taken seriously 	sadness
	Could really do with a home cooked meal from future wife right about now 	sadness
	what do i cook for all guys hmmm birthday party	surprise
	 terror only brings more violence  war war only dehumanizes EVERYONE times like these *need* dissent  	fear
	So at Walmart a diesel truck ran over a car in the parking lot! Guess who was driving the truck?& Mexican! Lol 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	for my Mommy dearest:):)  excited i hope she likes it:):)	surprise
	Waiting for the eagerly anticipated arrival ofTHE MUPPETS CHIRSTMAS CAROL on DVD and Rizzo the Rat 	joy
	Thank You Justin Bieberbecause of you future generations are gonna be singing shawty at Xmas which isn't even a fucking word 	anger
	sells but only-buyers remorse-Don't buy anything thats sold by fear except maybe a good horror flick! Choose Love  Trust-not fear	fear
	2012 Line Camp Leader!! & blessed! So happy!    	joy
	Yeah Am yet to see snow in real life I can only imagine!	sadness
	Be the greatest dancer of your life! practice daily positive habits    	joy
	I wish someone in my family was coming 2 c the Hot Chocolate Nutcracker! Oh well gr8ful for the Dance Academy fam! 	joy
	alles staat in het teken van het maken van een marionet alsof je zelf geleefd wordt	surprise
	yes if they can run the ball and not get beat deep! We should win ! the Spear	fear
	I missed the leadership training today 	sadness
	Is there any way to tell the man you're in love with that you're ten years older than that wont hurt him? 	fear
	maybe i should stop being weird when im bored in class so people stop laughing at me 	sadness
	Hmm They removed all the guilds and the gold mine I hope they don't cancel Apocalypse altogether D'8 	sadness
	Moms been ridin dirty since march Pendot fucked up Bridget_Graham	surprise
	Picking all the celery and carrots out of this bag of veggies 	surprise
	Chuck just filmed their final episode :( 	sadness
	 at  JAKARTA MAGICAL ELECTRO DJ's:    MAGICIAN MASTER DANIEL GL:  dhanesocces	joy
	-_______- I was saving the bunnies  for when they jump out your birthday cake 	surprise
	 WHEN MY PHONE DOESN'T SEND A TWEET 	anger
	Mera bi lai laiti hain ami waisey =D magar phir 3 days baad wapis daiti hain Ya tou one week 	sadness
	I love you too! :) I know I made your present last year too but this is wayyyy better! :D 	surprise
	Watching Fresh Prince Of Bel Air D	joy
	teen mom 2 last night was disspointing same bs w/ jenelle 	surprise
	Since my mom waited until after I got dressed to have me do the dishes I decided to start eating the 7Up cake 	surprise
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	Presenting my unfinished senior project tomorrow on my first day backneed an outline cover letter and resume 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” Amen	fear
	Había una oferta en el hipercor de 2 ponies de la nueva generación por 7€ pero solo estaban de las protas Rainbow Dash y Futtershy 	sadness
	People have some big mouths! Keep me name outta you mouth! Ughhh  	anger
	Swimming in 55 degree weather 	joy
	fyeahtourist:FOX specializes in keeping all their gay actors closeted what am i expecting? Mmhmm you know that's right 	anger
	Wheeew making another cd for my trio home tomorrow night! 	joy
	fucking doctors fucking kidneys fucking 9am lecture ahhh 	anger
	I miss everyone I used to be close with :(( I want those friendships back 	sadness
	Wed 21st Too late for my next trip 	sadness
	is the source of  Don't be scared we're all One  	fear
	MrsWilliams needs to wear a spit guard when shes talking to students swear she just spit on my computer screen smfh 	disgust
	The album isnt out in my country yet guess im not gonna get my day made by a follow RT guess its not my lucky day 	sadness
	u keep rashad when he makes remakes about PSU and cut Miguel about a  remark come the fuck on man!!!	surprise
	this week is going to be hell then it's back to sheboygan 	joy
	Awkwardly getting gas while mexicans and rednecks stare at you 	joy
	andd here we go week 16 final week  	sadness
	J'ai envie de dire que c'est la magie DEL INt3N3T ! On peut tomber sur des trucs WTF 	fear
	Looking at baseball stats had 10 more K's then BB's and Hits combined last year 	surprise
	junior girls got that freshman boy fever 	disgust
	If the Sabres lose tonight this will mark one of the Top Ten Worst weeks in Buffalo Sports History 	sadness
	On my way to Louisville for my grandmas surprise birthday party! 	surprise
	imagination of thoughts  imagery distort reality it is ur personal interpretation in that moment Drop it  	sadness
	We  waking up to a happy lil man Gives us to see his smiling face 	joy
	headin out to  to get a sweater and some nice high heels boots for christmasand school )  	joy
	Just added a in my mom's birthday cake I made!!!! It's gonna be soooo yummy :)	surprise
	lookin up everyone's legal violations of course a person i looked up was exactly what I expected n all of their cases dismissed 	disgust
	I'm optimistic that I might actually fall asleep before 8AM 	joy
	Man i wish i was in bham at the Future concert!!! Man Fuck 	anger
	Quand je vais dans certain coin en île de France j'ai l'impression d'être dans un autre monde cc aulney cc Clichy-sous-bois 	fear
	My mom has the day off and I had to go to school today :( this sucks  	sadness
	just finished choir ! My teacher has no voice D: ! 	sadness
	All Facebook does is distract me and cause me and  Time to log out and stay logged out for a while 	anger
	Dude I was wearing petticoat breeches before they were cool     	sadness
	Games first thing today in this weather 	joy
	Sosick Loosing les voice 	sadness
	After a lunchtime excursion around the Newcastle shops I can only assume that there's a lot of people without mirrors in their house 	fear
	Literally NO ONE is texting me back today 	anger
	 and  Think about itbased on your belief u don't even lose your  when u lose your physical  	fear
	I now know what you have always ment about your music  I may have just started  I may not be great but I feel in it	joy
	Omg how could I not know that Star Movies is showing Eclipse ! Shall watch that now and get the results off my mind 	fear
	life around me You bring out the worse in people  	anger
	I feel fucking bad at the moment 	sadness
	I kind of just have the need to bash my fucking head against a table right now 	anger
	We are thankful for great corps members an amazing staff and a wonderful community to serve  	joy
	Our present Society is based on which disable us 2 grow think properly  expand our thoughts Religion media education r fear sources	fear
	Tomorrow is black Friday and I work retailima be so tired BUT I will shake it off to go see  	joy
	A woman worth sum definitely worth some 	anger
	Thank you Monday for reminding me why I hate reading the news  	sadness
	Merci Marie J'ai juste hâte de voir la réaction de ma fille :)	surprise
	Just knowing that factor OS coming back makes my whole entire night :)	fear
	Well I've been gotten Hurray for friends who rescue your planless bday evening Apparently I'm about to be gotten some more 	surprise
	home for the end of My Best Friends Wedding 	joy
	Oh I just got home and find out that I could of gone to the surprise at 3:30 :| 	sadness
	Tja ik had gerekend op een heerlijk ontspannen avondje en dan opeens zo'n telefoontje! :(	surprise
	That's fucked up I would kill you RT blo_mi: Just killed a spider and put it in my sisters bed 	surprise
	Got to work and didnt have to work trip to see Darrell!!!!!!	surprise
	Duke improves to 5-0 on the season and  in the country 	surprise
	is a legal adult good news for him good news for me 	surprise
	Girl who drew them eyebrows cus u got me lookin around like somethin bout to happen wit them jacked so high on ur forehead 	surprise
	genuinely thought I was going to die :'( 	fear
	it's mommys birthday:) i should be making her an extrordinary breakfast right now 	surprise
	off to sleep in bed night night   and to all say a prayer and be blessed	joy
	movie time with the family 	joy
	Can someone just stop the clock now?  Loving this long weekend at home with no place to go  nothing to do but take care of Ed   Nap 	joy
	Why is it so easy to like someone  so difficult to tell em about it? 	fear
	Thought it was a cinnamon raisin bagel  its a chocolate chip bagel	surprise
	The feeling when you call your friend a couple of times and they don't pick and later accuse you of giving them missed calls!! 	surprise
	Hanging with and its_TTime_10  since aka chubber bubbers and em went to bed! 	sadness
	Black Friday shopping I have no idea what I'm in for 	fear
	LMAO!!! RT pinkivy81: _sugaHoney unsung could have a whole season of shows just based on the artists at Bad Boy 	sadness
	I can't wait to see the look on all of my family's faces when I walk in the door 	surprise
	I mean even Archie Manning said complimentary things about us! 	fear
	Happiness is part of who we are Joy is the feeling & Tony DeLiso   	joy
	i like how most online stores are offering free shipping with no minimum chargeee now  	joy
	Travelling with metrorail from Cape Town to Malmesbury 	fear
	The Lions-Saints game on December 4th has been flexed to the 8:30 time slot 	joy
	I swear if I am given a choice I'll be a man in my next life This worrying about nannies and all that is f*d up No really 	anger
	Dont you love crouded trains full of year 9s -_- 	joy
	Great my crazy ex's even crazier ex girlfriend who has wanted to murder me since high school is in one of my classes next semester 	joy
	tomorrow is the day to say goodbye  i'm all the way in NC  	sadness
	i'm discovering a band i missed from 15 years ago wishing i hadn't been so sheltered growing up 	fear
	CAN'T EXPLAIN THESE FEELINGS VERBALLY BUT EMOTIONALLY THEY FLOWSO INSTEAD OF SAYING ANYTHING I SAY NOTHINGI'M GOOD AT AVOIDING!! 	fear
	Celebrate Life  this is your one chance Give the  of     	joy
	Just saw a man in scrubs and no shoes in the rain walking past the crazy hospital 	sadness
	You gotta feel the - and  it anyway! :) (Said by me former girl child soloist (I was good - semi-pro)	fear
	My grandfather got me mad then I pissed in his Orange juice and asked him if it's tangy when I'm angry lol 	anger
	yo i really cant stop laughing lol i never had micro's before those shits are to me i like my edges too much to get those braids	disgust
	ay mate dont forgot maths holiday homework ) though ide give you a 	surprise
	Friday = grumpy central 	joy
	Two hours of work to look forward to on my day off! 	joy
	facebook isnt fucking tumblr you dont just put 'waiting 4 ma gal to come round' with a picture of you posing omfg 	anger
	Just saw a 10year old on Hollywood Blvd taking a pic of StanLee's star while begging his Dad to take him to see George Lucas' star 	joy
	ha yeah it only took 4 hours Most likely strep come back in 3 days if the steep test comes back negative for mono test 	anger
	My cousin put marbles under the sheets in my bed So there I am at 12:30am pulling out marbles Thanks a bunch ass  	surprise
	I KNO 18 IS LEGAL 4 YALL NIGGAS BUT IF U OVA 25 WHT CAN A LIL BROAD DAT LIVE HOME REALLY DO 4 U BUT WET YA DICK  	sadness
	Saying that exams are next week I dub this Friday useless and will officially be no fun  	sadness
	so excited you have no idea party? 	surprise
	30 tweets later is still bitchless and my  is lost thought this site is what dreams r made of	sadness
	Raised hell  got 1 in about an hr Makes you wonder what the hell is going to happen when the Tories have their way with the NHS 	fear
	I stay away from homies that could land me in some trouble 	fear
	Feeling very run down with very heavy lungs Btw naomi4star look under your pillow 	surprise
	It's time to pick a cover for the next issue! Any ideas for our theme followers?	fear
	ohh okok Ull get it soon mama don't worry 	surprise
	I LOVE watching my son play with his friends on the playground at school  	joy
	Dance parties in STJ parking lot with my best friend	joy
	In the past two years Oregon has 83 TD drives less than 2 minutes long Ohio State has 93 offensive touchdowns in that same span 	sadness
	Still sick!!! basically slept in the bathroom! And I didn't even drink	sadness
	I'm getting my tonsils taken out two days after christmas Thank you Dr Ballinger for this wonderful present 	joy
	Wotless broke people filling up the websiteee! 	anger
	It's so cold in here every freaking girls boobs including my own have become their own powerpoint presentation 	joy
	getting ready for my dads company party here tonight 	joy
	Make your friend It has something to teach you	fear
	True Friends are not what you expected 	surprise
	This is gonna be one weird champions league! Man u/c out!   Only thing bad is that the  is gnna get blaaah!	surprise
	This is the day that the Lord has made  He has gone before me and perfected my way!  	joy
	I wanna go back to bedd ): or atleast sleep in tomorrow  But I can't bc I have practice at 8 I the morning !?!? 	joy
	  Kulula it's time to realise your best is just not good enough KelliDeeLunsky	surprise
	My thesis paper being accepted!!!!! 	joy
	Seems that the sky will fall with so much rain lightning never seen so many in a  only night oO 	fear
	Apparently Balotelli wanted to gift his red card to Mancini as the birthday gift 	surprise
	When someone in front of me in the queue takes a table I was eyeing up fine but when someone from behind does it 	anger
	JUMP JUMP JUMP! RT bebeOrallo590: My dog can't jump up on my bed anymore He needs to be carried 	sadness
	Just lost my wallet for the second time in 3 monthsI'm about to punch a hole in the wall 	anger
	I KNOW I should finish this book  get it out there but I have all these other ideas that are much more exciting! 	fear
	Danny is all excited and is going to pop in tomorrow when he is passing to score some more Christmas budgeting is FUN 	surprise
	Faith is the voice of God Fear is the voice of satan We can't listen to two voices To do so makes us double-minded  	fear
	Late latelate late! 	anger
	Have you looked in the sky? The moon is beautiful Take a minute  go see There's always time to enjoy the wonder that is the heavens 	joy
	Finished my paper!!! Ended up with 1700 words total! :) I am happy with it! 	joy
	My real nails are so long that they look fake and then my pinky nail breaks  all my nails look weird 4 long ass nails  1 numb! 	anger
	Just home from  group celebration - dinner at Trattoria Gianni then Hershey Felder's MAESTRO performance - AMAZING!! 	joy
	I was confused as to how one water bottle in my car was frozen and the other wasn't until I took a sip and it was vodka 	surprise
	The concerts I miss for Alpha Phi Omega 	sadness
	I'm going to miss my little brother so much when I go to college 	sadness
	I have consumed what I usually consume in a year in an hour Too much lamb 	fear
	my shock has finally started to fade and i can now say this: jim Magic IGNORED me yesterday he was too busy chatting with hanna… 	sadness
	I hate when i buy a $4 train ticket and only have $20 to pay it with   	joy
	Test and presentation tomorrow 	joy
	urg cannot send link Sydney 'extinction event planner' we had some beautiful gravity code that got thrown out 	sadness
	I physically feel great today 	surprise
	and guess what song just popped in my head 	fear
	I love driving up north in Ontario :) Makes me so happy stopping off in like all the towns especially Muskoka  Port Perry 	joy
	Breaking News Dad and Penny are going on another Cruise in February 	surprise
	Boooo Singing party done Roommate is here I was right in the middle of I'm Not Afraid of Anything too 	sadness
	kalindak kalemalah pas cin jo dinal ka rumah secara tiba2 eh inyo bana2 matonyo berbinar2 caliak kami ba2	surprise
	Practice thai food nao christmas tree shopping?  	surprise
	hee hee hee I love that woman and you It amazes me how she can call my name as if I'm still 10 yrs old and in trouble 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	makes me poor  make me poorer  make me rich  make me 	anger
	Feeling bout GRrrrEAT 2day  by having the of the  in my heart   	joy
	RT HUSH_Marc: I really bust my ass today goin down the stairs -_-	joy
	watching Easy A by my lonesomewish I had a movie partner :/  	sadness
	You two think alike! But I don't want to eat it plain 	sadness
	Goedemorgenop de dag van de plak en knutsels! Oftewel hoe genadeloos kunnen we zijn naar dierbaren toe 	surprise
	My earlier quip about motivational speakers has ensured I'm now followed by a creepy-looking motivational type 	joy
	My dad ended up being at the lake house 	surprise
	Another child for the couple that doesn't know if they want to be together! Wow lucky kid no 2 for Kourtney and Scott 	sadness
	Just got back from my last history class until next semestre 	sadness
	Yes Yes! That meal touched the correct spot 	joy
	Car ride to the game with and FOUR old dudes 	joy
	btches love to ruin ah Happy  just remember to leave me an mine alone !    Goodmorning Twitter	disgust
	not in the mood for volunteering all afternoon and come home covered in glitter and glue and tissue paper 	joy
	isn't that sad though? That there's been no game that just got it completely right? 	sadness
	Had the weirdest dream that I was engaged to Prince William and it was our engagement party Harry was making stupid jokes 	surprise
	there's been a breakdown in one of the police's founding principles: The police are the public and the public are the police 	surprise
	Waking up 45 minutes late Great idea 	disgust
	Apparently Phil is taking me out on the town tomorrow night in PGHto eat somewhere special? for once I haven't figured it out 	surprise
	I asked the question about Loganand you'll learn the answer tomorrow! 	surprise
	Do you know a book or 2 either or on anxiety fear  depression? Thank you  God bless!   	fear
	Going to get in shape with Will tomorrow morning 	joy
	Time for my floor meeting! 	joy
	going for what ?  you blow up for what ? tf issues on deck i can't deal with it	anger
	After my time here in college west I have come to the conclusion that asians like to include mold in their diet  	disgust
	I have spent the afternoon at Santa's Grotto It was an absolute joy to be a tiny part of making Christmas for wee ones Their faces! 	joy
	My God my Life and my man = endurance: physically mentally emotionally and of course spiritually    	joy
	wishing i could be relaxing and doing fun things like all my friends but i'm working on a paper in gracie's 	surprise
	just finished the last paper I'll have to write for the rest of the semester :D COPIOUS AMOUNTS OF !!!	joy
	Just ended a great day  Gonna meet friends tomorrow  it was pretty good day & wait for 15-12-2011 !!! 	surprise
	Saiu nos cinemas americanos um remake de The Thing filme que na minha infância me fez ficar noites sem dormir 	fear
	You don't realise what you've had until its  the first week is full of and the week/s after is tough  :-(	anger
	the road to recovery starts with self [re]discovery  	joy
	Cup Of thea alone and stay strong cuz honey isn't here	sadness
	when people add/accept people on fb they don't know and moan when they are complete freaks! 	anger
	Good thing all the union station exits dtla are all being blocked by cops Got lost now chilling at the hobo capital of the world 	joy
	My empty tummy feels like a black hole of hunger and cold   	sadness
	I am going to learn German by this time next year and not tell Mark about it I'll just break randomly into German conversation 	surprise
	the leading republican presidential candidate would want a fence on the mexican/us border he's prob for segregation too 	disgust
	Don't ya know the bitch came back 	surprise
	Yaaaay let me join list of people tweeting about the snow but might I add that the snow started right as I started putting up my tree? 	joy
	Ugh worst night :( 	sadness
	Never said I was perfect but I will keep it real wit cha! SURPRISE	surprise
	With Summer Katie and Bonnie My life and Bonnie's life sucks Haha We are laying in our sad spots 	sadness
	The best way the to show my  to God is to  everything even my problems with ~Mother Teresa	joy
	the heating vent sounds make me so amped!!  	joy
	Listening to Fabrizio Bosso Live Blue Note Milano! 	joy
	precedes control When ppl r afraid of u they'll devise a plan 2 try  control u Beware of that pharaoh spirit Ex 1:9-11	fear
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	 melon  Closed! Gonna be restaurant 	sadness
	I have no idea why but whilst my brother boasts about his good O's results which he did not study for I'm afraid I'd lose to him 	fear
	Nothing to eat ): I search and search Peanuts are good :D Who is this hot person?! (	sadness
	Not necessarily if you cut it multiple times in one day Esp if you can arrange to do it while he is gone all day 	surprise
	got a 1000 word drama play review to write some point this evening 	joy
	ohh i don't think it's as boring as my town my town is lol	sadness
	On se croit dans Silent Hill quand l'alarme marche le premier mercredi du mois  	fear
	lol you think i'm gonna spoil you guys every thursday smhwhen you least expect is when i'll give )	surprise
	BARRY SCOTT IN JAPANESE AND FAST FORWARD  xxxx	anger
	and ordered christmas cards :) first year we'll be sending them out 3 	joy
	Sorry if I didn't reply to you yesterday the Internet stopped working :( 	sadness
	Was at the gas station about to go to 's house and broke the key to my motorcycle!!! 	sadness
	is an obstacle that you can easily get around by simply paying no attention to it Retweet	fear
	It's a shame I'm working at the Berkshire Mall and I don't have money to get JVReemer21's autograph 	sadness
	i completely agree! it just won't be the same without 	sadness
	I saw the program Man vs Food last night All I can say is I'm glad these establishments don't exist in England  	disgust
	I'm on a  Vibe gon feed this depression to the paper with a pen as the spoon My Pad is hungry and Imma feed it this 	sadness
	I don't want to put the ornament on me tree I just want to put under my tree !! Yeahhbuddy lol	surprise
	love taking unexpected pictures of people 	surprise
	Sadly the best part of the game tonight was seeing Lebron James in person But still:  and 	sadness
	Dan pasti akan sadis semoga semuanya akan sadissukses Mr Sadiss RT triadinr: Menunggu email sadis dari band sadis 	surprise
	The of your toes about to get chopped off when you see the cutting knife slip off the bench	fear
	ha just watched it this morning Decent fight but defo deserved to lose Now he's making shit excuses 	surprise
	I don't think she know how good ima give it to her ? D3	surprise
	feeling great this morning 	joy
	cant wait to be done with school until after thanksgiving one day and 4 tests 	joy
	Looks like this is gonna be the first night ina whiiiile I sleep sober :/	sadness
	I think my fear of squirrels came from seeing National Lampoons Xmas Vacation as a childa squirrel attacks a woman in it 	fear
	when your biological dad that you've never spoken to in your life calls you on your cell phone at 2 in the morning 	surprise
	secretsunday: when i was little i used to play Factor with my little sister and now i think of it and its just too funnny :D	fear
	Depressing end to the day :( 	sadness
	I'm goodest thnks I'm in gauteng at the moment Only getting bk nxt week for missing  U doing well?	sadness
	I have to write four essays for the Santa Clara application This is why I've stopped finishing these applications-- 	joy
	FANTASTIC My amazing memory saves the day again! Now I can sleep in tomorrow 	joy
	Last day off until five days straight of work 	sadness
	And for my I would like to dedicate my first game to  :) happy 3 months	surprise
	Loved being woken up at 3 in the morn by my best friends drunken ex girlfriend 	joy
	vent vent vent vent vent 	anger
	If you want something go get it something in your way truckstick that shit Ppl who complain all day and give up make my lip cleft 	disgust
	goodbye early night:  Loathing in Las Vegas on Dave!	fear
	Grave au vu du reste son SSD doit pas être négligeable 	fear
	that awkward moment when you wake up look around and realize was never really in your bedroom 	sadness
	my credit is gone there yaaa ill go in tomor ill be head  heard that alright earlier 	surprise
	think about it ! a man lick a lady's head 	disgust
	Some of you need to quit speaking pathetically  start speaking Prophetically into your life speak      	joy
	Just been out for lunch  bird poop on the car windscreen and not just bird poop FROZEN bird poop 	joy
	La SNCF n'est pas en grève?????? 	surprise
	Today I feel like a battle of jhonny walker I don't know why but I just wanna be drunk Might is it just 	sadness
	I'm so fucked off I've had a new arse hole given to me today! 	joy
	The farewell away game for great lunch on way to villa park goin doggy on back seat to fart to the front 	joy
	Okay I'm scared of ghost Please don't ever come and find me 	fear
	 finding out (the hard way) im allergic to chik-fil-a :'-(( 	sadness
	i don't need management i just need people to stop pissing me off :|	anger
	my car got broken into at office maxwhat an awesome day i have no phone or camera or window 	sadness
	oh okay! Yeah I ha so many emails w/ cyber Monday deals but zero money to shop with :( 	sadness
	Het Sinterklaascadeau heeft met een dag vertraging dan ook mijn lieve vriendin in Canada bereikt! 	surprise
	The awkward moment when someone you hate thinks their opinion is valid :	anger
	Tonight couldn't get any better Drivers ed for 3 hours AND THEN I get to go home to chem homework :) 	joy
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Missed out on seeing Fiona Apple in LA tomorrowagain 	sadness
	Lieing about your mum being dead is as low as you can get 	disgust
	The moment when the couple you thought would never break up do 	sadness
	i love the first snowfall and notre dame in the winter 	joy
	OH MY GOD! Bit slow but I've only just realised the 16th is only a week away! :O 	fear
	Sunderland Manager Steve Bruce's been sacked! 	surprise
	I was so happy to hear ur touring in America :D but not on the west coast :( 	sadness
	Last social and educational change in Latin America class :( 	sadness
	Zo de kado's gekocht voor het  van nu nog maken en  schrijven	surprise
	i forgot to put product in my hair last night  today 	joy
	I wanted Taylor Swift or Katy Perry to be nominated for album of the yearawk  	sadness
	I just realized I did the hole front page of my math wrong-_- and I dont have a stupid pencil with a stupid eraser 	sadness
	Je viens de recevoir 6 bouteilles de champagne par la poste sans mot sans expéditeur Merci mais C'EST QUI ???!!!!!!! 	surprise
	to live a creative  we must lose our of being 	fear
	Just received my iKlip from and discovered some SMARTIES  other goodies in the packagetalk about a sweet 	surprise
	Final en Do DragaoEl Porto se queda fuera de la Champions League después del triplete del año pasado Pasan Zenit y APOEL 	surprise
	beneden plakband een mes een ondergornd ding en een goeie schaar halen 	surprise
	Oh bugger 2 weeks of iron tablets have made diddly squat difference  	joy
	She Women share on of selling We undersell our worth  value Leads to missed opportunities limits sales  forms a neg cycle	fear
	recovering from last night why do people kill their own relationships with doubt before there is really anything to question 	fear
	TY Vivien Yes it was geat! Its Saturday Be lazy be free or just whatever life gifts you Best Wishes x   	joy
	What a heart-wrenching story that was Such a beautiful little boy His heart just wasn't strong enough 	sadness
	Don't let   open the door to the spirit of jezebel	fear
	ever wish you could go back a few years  and do it all differently 	sadness
	wonder if i'll get on espn Strange how im like the only Big Star player not on ESPN 	sadness
	Really wanna watch a movie but my brother has the PS3 :( 	sadness
	Made it to Amsterdam an hour early Now it looks like I have to sit here for 5 hours 	joy
	Suddenly I become part of your past I'm becoming the part that don't last I'm losing you and its effortless 	sadness
	The rest of my family leaves to go to florida today and I'm stuck in the snow writing exams 	sadness
	Back to the old slide phone 	joy
	that depressing moment when u see your idol retweet your friends tweets  not yours 	sadness
	When U can overcome physical  emotional urges U have arrived at your mind Within that sphere is a brain Use it!  	fear
	hahaha a flirting move failed BC she had to leave _ but she said she would text me soon  	joy
	Currently wishing I was at the Taylor Swift concert at MSG tonight Havn't been to a concert in a while 	sadness
	Science in the news all day 	joy
	AHHHHHHHHHHH I HATE DUMB NIGGAS N STUPID BITCHES AHHHH 	anger
	LOOOOL! RT funnyorfact: Remove all the vowels from 'female' and you're left with FML	sadness
	happy birthday Steve!! Wish you the best luck )) I ll send you soon my present! 	surprise
	is the cheapest room in the house I would like 2 see u living in better conditions~Hafiz of Persia 	fear
	my entire drunken family is trying to get me to play just dance this is horendous   	fear
	oke waarom is het zo moeilijk om een sinterklaas cadeau te kopen 1 nagellak is dat niet een beetje lullig ? -_-	surprise
	Happy birthday to the man  	surprise
	Wonderlijk hoe alles zo last minute toch op z'n plaats valt! vordert lekker gedicht 5a en 5b en 6 zijn ook alweer klaar	surprise
	There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the of  Basically I'm saying focus on getting ur mind right	fear
	twitter wont let me go far enough back into my mentions to find out how we met 	sadness
	Just brought my wife  at work Best feeling ever 	surprise
	Shopping with the kid who hates to shop 	joy
	Dear herald sun boat people are not flooding our suburbs 100 a month Aus wide is a drip in an ocean   	fear
	hey chicka i don't think im going to be able to make it to the church thinging :( moms sick can't find my phone 	sadness
	Turns out the machine can't figure out my problem and now I'm on hold 	surprise
	Gonna be in the library ALL fat tomorrow ____ 	joy
	Tae kwon doe test  cheer pictures	joy
	Full of a cold and feeling rotten Lemsip barely touching the skankiness Also have 3 yr olds party to look forward to 	joy
	haha thats so bad We're supposed to be best friends :( 	sadness
	ah stop I'm heading with 4cousins I've VIP seats in old Trafford sorted they're all mad for the beer! and the  await	fear
	It sucks when you're enjoying a movie and you know it's a minute away from ending 	sadness
	I didnt like how I did personally but it was my 1st try after a couple more I'll know how to be funny and rap in front of a camera 	fear
	Made my decision nap time til 2:45  	joy
	your words hurt like a water bottle being thrown at me 	sadness
	Dropping off Starbucks at my best friends house 	surprise
	My mother love Bonamana by Super Junior :D	surprise
	Just found the butterfly from the back of an earring on my bedroom floor Mrs Kerr doesn't wear earrings It's about to pop off 	fear
	When you want to talk to someone but you have no idea what to talk about 	sadness
	I  myself by trying to clear the motivation of from my intentions  trust that  is guiding me for his undefined 	fear
	These random burst of excitement  	joy
	I love Christmas lights! Especially colorful ones :) 	joy
	Planning events to give people in need Christmas gifts! 	joy
	This cold weather is perfect for cuddling with your sweethearttoo bad I don't have one to snuggle with :( 	sadness
	Why did I throw the only thing I was going to eat today away? ! Smh Now everywhere is closed	anger
	i have this illogical fear that some day i will try to search for someone on facebook but instead i end up putting it as my status 	fear
	Over time each person develops a unique sense of humor I on the other hand will simply rape you 	surprise
	i wish people actually realized under this bitch attitudei actually have feelings :( 	sadness
	Only one more play with my girl and the rest of my crew   \m/	sadness
	I can honestly say that I only hate one person I don't like some people but there is only one person that I truly despise and hate 	anger
	Why is kristine looking at me like I'm crazy or some???? I'm happy food brings me 	joy
	The 3 reasons I miss living in Houston: Zio's Gringos and Casa Ole The food of my childhood! 	sadness
	S/O to for buying my lunch!!! Made my day!! What a great :)	surprise
	My cuson just said do u want a  party How can she ask me that when it won't be a surprise no more LOOL wat a douche bag	surprise
	Scared as hell to get those feelings so maybe i should stop this b4 it begins 	fear
	I found the most hurtful judgement to be with a look not  words 	disgust
	IE finals had up to 27 judges in one room yet I'm judging LD and just judged the worst round ever Now rockhurst v Pembroke round? 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Guys who spell correctly and use big words What a gem 	surprise
	i feel like a brand new person  nt boud to let nobdy steal my today =)	joy
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	far too long to expect us fans to wait - a whole year?       	sadness
	At my sister's for dinner Without my own phone or laptop :/	sadness
	hahah oh i know the joy of having twins! ( hahah i think we should be worried about kyle attacking dylan 	anger
	People go through things that we don't know Sobe nice to everyone b/c it could make their dayStop being rude spread  	joy
	I hate not having anyone to smoke with right now My brother won't wake the fuck up  	anger
	I'm not doing my Grammar and Comp paper again 	surprise
	Educating Exceptional Students: Content Knowledge and Elementary Education: Curriculum Assessment and Content 	joy
	i miss when MTV was all about Pimp My Ride and Yo Momma 	sadness
	zo aanfietsen naar  gelukkig maar les tot kwart over 12 en daarna&  tot ong half6 en vanavond thuis!	surprise
	Why do I still get shocked every time I see my red hair 	surprise
	Pdf file I printed from is fine how did this even happen? Just got to hope it's just mine that went awry :s  	fear
	let the haters hate this is the D where the weak are killed and eaten we love you we got ur back do ur thing 	fear
	Yet another loss in the finals and semis No purple shirt :( the curse remains :( overcoming sadness by stuffing my face in food 	sadness
	I wish my name rhymed with something so I could have a tight twitter handle 	sadness
	HOW DID YOU KNOW MY UNCLE WAS A CRAZY CONSERVATIVE!!! He wears a helmet in his own car 	fear
	Am pretty sure the guy beside M̶̲̅ε̲̣  simply wokechanged his shirt and trouserstook his books and den headed down here	disgust
	When you're on a role don't forget to Thank those who gave you a pushThank You! 	joy
	Life's better when you share it with others especially when they don't know what can give them fulfillment 	joy
	The gym is full of creeps today 	joy
	So my wonderful fishy died because our other fish killed it!  all the while we thought they were just playing around ):	sadness
	Open my purse and its smells like nothing but weed 	surprise
	That feeling you get when you THINK you r late and wake up in shock just to check ur clock to see you have 1hr more of sleep 	joy
	Chilling with my cousins in Harlem! Going to Queens later for a thanksgiving feast! I'm in such a great mood right! 	joy
	Folks it's   Shop till u drop  them wait 4 the at the end of the month (bills)  Shop wisely!	surprise
	Born To Die???? There are so many beautiful things to live!& how to waste life is trending on twitter uu 	sadness
	Not only do I love left overs from last week but I also love when they're half warm half cold its a fantastic 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” live by this!!!!	fear
	oh fun time to study for science 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Liev sint Ik wil een kitten en barbie en pop en knuvobeer Ik wul hamsteur Ik wil vissen Ik hoop at ik d krijg Sint en piet 	joy
	I hate the way you have no phone Call me when your up 	fear
	Bier? Check! Rode Wodka? Check! Mojito? Check! Jagermeister? Check! Oh ja en we hebben ook eten!  	surprise
	Face your problems face your fear 	fear
	its prolly gonna happen in the morning too  ugh whatever idc anymore :/ 	sadness
	only got chocolate ice cream 	surprise
	Some people just don't understand the concept of biting 	anger
	and now THE CONFESSION of the year Until it reached its final 20 minutes I was thoroughly liking Bodyguard :-|  	surprise
	Casually going to cough my brains out tonight 	joy
	Twitter allows me to express myself more clearly so here is my twitter version of no     	anger
	Fear factors making a comeback! 	fear
	Slightly excited about tasting (read - drinking) wine at Casa Del on Friday!   	joy
	Just taking on  in a classic game of worms!!!!   just nailed two of the little mugs	surprise
	This is not a normal feeling for me night ppl	sadness
	I'm sad:( It's the last selectionals for RachelFinnKurtPuckQuinnSantana and Mike:(  	sadness
	Listening to graduation while sitting next to my best friend 	sadness
	Orthodontist apt today 	joy
	watching this basket ball game 	joy
	Debate paper for history 	joy
	So still NO BET from u MR LA ALL DAY Haaaaaa 	fear
	This officially ends my stint at karaoke RIP Mrs Kelli's I will never forget your WOW shots and the many attempts at Afroman 	sadness
	I have never been so sad for the final lecture of a class Life and Teachings of Jesus=best class ever! 	sadness
	Kind of happy i AM SLEEPING ALONE TONIGHTTHE BED IS SO COZY 	joy
	So tired  not able to sleep for the next few hours working 8 am to 9 pm tomorrow 	joy
	I believe that God know deeply in my heart so God hear my pray i believe that you have a good ways to me ‎​(┌__┐) 	sadness
	Euhoui Il était pas en statue celui-là?? 	fear
	Just found a cream egg hiding in my fridge 	surprise
	 cutting your tongue on a sucker 	anger
	Hate trains just ran for one and missed it by a second saw it drive away now half hour wait for the next one oh 	joy
	Thought I'd gotten myself a fly orange jersey online turns out it was from China  credit co rejected the purchase 	sadness
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	they're not making it?!!! But why Why would they give us hope then not make it? I mean that's just cruel 	disgust
	Missing the element tonight bec of worl equals 	sadness
	if I told you it wouldn't be any fun It might not even be tomorrow 	surprise
	Communion next week! Blessed beyond! Now to spread god's  by giving the  of Christ in every student!  	joy
	2 mac books have been stolen in my dorm this week 	joy
	Playing 105 with my boys tonight instead of going to yoga and abs and doing my homework  	joy
	“ITSDEWI_x: xSoccerLover_: Is tinkyblauw of paars??- blauw- okay nice dan doe ik het goed! x- HAHA wat doejij”- ik maak een 	surprise
	ooh look at me i keep copy and pasting jokes off websites because i'm a dick 	anger
	that's a fear of what the Flyers represent The old Philly flu for Sid He passed his tests today Still out 	fear
	Heb geleerd: 'een zondagsteek houdt geen week' maar een week is ook niet nodig als-ie de maandag maar haalt 	surprise
	completed my values and ethics essay now to get drunk tonight	joy
	I might not be able to do anything tomorrow or the rest of this weekend 	sadness
	Long walk to work 	joy
	  nabbed in  Sounds like our ruling elite are going back to their  bread and butter: and more fear 	fear
	is my ginger gal at Subway transferred Now I have to spell-out my order every AM	sadness
	That was before we left! RT  yall quit texting and drive:) See you soon!	joy
	LMAOOOO smh I know marriage is supposed to be forever but only so much you can take 	sadness
	When you wanna text a girl but there's no reply for days 	sadness
	Dinner with the Conard fam!     for dessert?  for those who read this 	joy
	Who said anything about Oxford? Who did you think that extra place setting is for? 	surprise
	Ok naar crèche voor knutselavond opperde een drol van ontbijtkoek maar het wordt vast iets braafs 	surprise
	Wonderful Morning 2 U Loves! When U talk 2 Jesus abt His Marvelousness He fills u w/His glory! He's just that kind! this am 333	joy
	 bro mentoring theres not super cool spot to be had! Buttttttttttt I did make some brownies and a !!!!	surprise
	Theres power n da tounge n right now i claim it ive cried my last tear it is over the cryn the sleepless night	joy
	there has been no snow This snow dance does not work :'( 	sadness
	Alone in a white van eating a mars bar 	sadness
	 yeah I noticed your brother deleted him twitter 	sadness
	May expand in your heart  life today spreading to all around you  	joy
	Thought I'd got away from all the draining  lot by coming off facebook but it seems the clan have taken twitter on 	joy
	He runs with anger like a RB cause he's still a virgin 	anger
	yeah good ta x not really a rush more of a slow burn!! Start of the 11:30 finish next week 	joy
	I don't get how ppl drink coffee straight 	disgust
	Goedemorgen allemaal  op deze toch altijd weer 'spannende' dag -) Ik wens jullie allemaal een super dag toe voor :-) 	surprise
	i hate making a new tumblr and forgetting all the good blogs i followed before 	sadness
	Can I just say that is amazing 3 I found two Cranberry Bliss bars in my purse :D 	surprise
	Tomorrow looks to be a Coke day! Boom baby  	sadness
	Winter Semester is going to be intense :D 	joy
	Pot Kettle Black Ha Think I Was following first  	surprise
	Work work work work 	surprise
	how did i manage to leave your place without taking some of that?  	sadness
	sooo idk if Brittany told you or notbut I'm going the iron bowl with yall Saturday!!!! 	surprise
	Oh HM another pair of your jeans ripped on me in an embarrassing manner 	sadness
	I really forgot how bland cafeteria food can be Green beans that taste like paper = 	disgust
	I purr-chased some vinyl yesterday too!! Online so didn't get the joy of flicking through a musty old record shop 	surprise
	The first place I drive to the studio 	surprise
	hehe!! U guys won't believe this: dad just narrated venye aliruka fence sum tym baK 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Ee w 5letona ana w 3noud mn6gen /3 RT GeeAich: School physics trip with *o* 	joy
	Just woke up but can't remember when/how I fell asleep  	joy
	Et merde j'vais devoir retirer de l'argent sur Roubaix j'ai plus le temps d'aller dans ma ville 	fear
	ah! That would happen to you!! And can't believe you go home when we go back 	sadness
	Eating Butterkiss Toffee Popcorn while playing Skyrim! :D 	joy
	FIRO-B personality assessment told me I have low desire  low expression of affection Didn't need a test to tell me that 	surprise
	Just sittingstaring at the mess i made while painting the house Overwhelmed Someone help clean? 	sadness
	Whatever you fear most has no power it is your fear that has the power& Winfrey&  	fear
	girl ng'message ako sa fb mo i'view mo huh	surprise
	Net terug van het shoppen Ik benijd Sinterklaas niet wat heeft die man een zwaar beroep Zie maar eens iets leuks te vinden!	surprise
	I'm tight that I visited Port yesterday  wasn't there 	sadness
	Tomorrow's SundayThat means school Monday 	sadness
	I'm currently salivating - it's only 5 more days until opens - and only a mere 300m from my front door! 	joy
	Break! How would it feel to KNOW you are fantastic at what you love to do? Feel that confidence  joy 	joy
	Watching back 2 back episodes of  this is how I manage my    my family  relatives in 	anger
	Since didn't help me with my essay this weekend I get to stay up all night doing it 	joy
	Going out for a wander with the wee man BB stuff to sort out 	joy
	the way i'm constantly reloading this page to see if i have the new twitter 	sadness
	A hard  will leave my  dry from the  clear from the I know my  are  every  I Tammy Wells	fear
	I never  true  until I was with u  and I never felt true until u left me  	sadness
	edu aaa Go church small! Aaaaaarggh Unodey God kraaa  Hahaha	fear
	despite my negative outer layer and vile moods I don't actually hate everything 	surprise
	All I can do is a smile I have the best boyfriend :) he's a keeper!    perfect	joy
	3 week Facebook deactivation + my lack of iphone (shitty BB pearl) = me dead to the world Going into withdrawals soon  	sadness
	Headache and no aspirin in the vicinity 	sadness
	We must not give in to the  must face those things we the most	fear
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	The scent of your fuzzy peach brings me - it is sooooo gorgeous!	joy
	Best thing of the day 4: Got my babies with me a classic cartoon coziness and a warm home   	joy
	The joy of the Lord is my strength! is attractive be joyful in everything u do  with everyone u meet today 	joy
	Great lost my laser and my dignity somewhere in village last night 	fear
	Laying in bed with my kitties Even my cranky old man is with me  	surprise
	Feeling bright and happy today! God First!	joy
	He has a doggy cold:( had to leave him at the vet! RT Brandon_J_: oh no what's wrong?	sadness
	all this romance talk and I've never even been on a date 	sadness
	Behangplaksel aangemaakt surprise-lol kan beginnen: Angry bird dit keer 	surprise
	I just realized I miss my friends and here I am starting a night full of work AGAIN 	sadness
	We have a new driver in our family  My insurance rates are going to go up and I need to find a used car I don't mind him wrecking 	joy
	Who's sober on the biggest drinking night of the year? THIS GIRL!!! 	surprise
	haha  I'm working at the horse over Xmas break  	joy
	Link's a hero in this game?! 	surprise
	don't you hate it when people give up their friends for acceptance while stabbing their friends in the back? 	sadness
	“chrismcdevitt: the fact of the matter is that's frowned upon” I want to jump through twitter with 	anger
	boyfriend's thoughts on lana del rey show that was the worst thing I've ever done  	surprise
	Dear Lord the lady behind me in line is monotone and won't stop complaining  	joy
	New theory: if everyone started their day w/ hot cocoa and marshmallows the world would be a more joyous place 	joy
	mom's homemade mac n cheese ham and a coors light  and for dessertwell that's a 	surprise
	I need weed to sleep Or else I won't dream of sugar plums   	anger
	Ugh the rain has ruined my toms nooooooo 	sadness
	Hahaa RT DatNiggaNoah: Chelsea i reject you ever meeting any of these teams in the near futureGod forbid	fear
	yall look out for the EP from artist dropping in february 2012!	fear
	truth is u were the oonnllyy one to reply  :) haha U r my best friend and we need to party :P I ran outD:	sadness
	I gained reign over the demon that sought refuge in the domain of my thoughts by invoking its name 	anger
	2 and 3/4 pages out of 5 saving the rest for tomorrow 	joy
	Just saw a guy I thought was a girl all semester 	surprise
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	So happy i wont be sleeping tonight but instead going to work in mcsuckland 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	just left and and im pretty sure I'm gonna cry myself to sleep tonight 	sadness
	Wwwletsmovegov  My energy is for you to tap into  Anytime you're feeling???my goal to SERVE you   GET FIT	joy
	99% is taking to the streets from Madison to Madrid to say “No We will not pay for your crisis”   	joy
	its like a horse you have a bad taste in animals 	disgust
	Je suis en TD j'ai pas fait mon taf et il reste 4 personnes pouvant être interrogée 	fear
	Giving the mouse hand puppet a gravelly Michael Gambon-esque voice at Thanksgiving got mixed responses from young cousins 	fear
	Could your Twitter account be slowly killing you? Details at 11  	fear
	After working at this travel agency for 4 years my supervisor finally got my name right today He said Amisa  not Anisa 	joy
	Not mad at all More Furious then mad! Get back here and say Bye Now! 	sadness
	I'm petrified of deer bad eyebrows and people touching my neck So don't expose me to these things 	fear
	Omg its only my birthday for 7 more minutes KingJames Please tweet me  dustinzito	sadness
	Woke up to finish a paper that will have no effect on my grade whether I turn it in or not 	sadness
	Wow  is in top 10 for worlds fastest internet speed  index  	surprise
	Home from workAt least for the next 20 minutes only on break! :(	sadness
	The look on people's face when they come 2 place of employment  discover I'm not white like my voice sounds     	surprise
	With outlook my work has also stalledout comes th kindle	joy
	Love how Trapattoni only wants to avoid his native Italy yet Fabio wants to duck Spain Netherlands Portugal  France 	fear
	Last madrigal of my life If you miss it you're a square 	sadness
	 RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	when ppl dont get there way or what they want a strong sense to lash out takes affect 	anger
	Homework and college apps for the rest of the night 	joy
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	you have to be powerwalkin like mug to have sum shit fall outcho PANTIES 	disgust
	np: throwback Kirk Franklin Brighter Day Eden going all the way in too! ohtasteandsee	joy
	hell yeah! Lmao I'm doin it on my side lol	surprise
	Awe the money in the world couldn't give me the I'm feeling !!!	joy
	Lots of people are mistaken between and !	fear
	so aren't coming to Atlanta on their NA tour next year	sadness
	 I came off smallworlds for months nd wen i came back ! they changed ett up alot !! omgie im loving it nw !	surprise
	Off to school for the english theatre trip 	joy
	by the way I have a for you nothing big but I figure you could add it to the collection	surprise
	December is a very bipolar month   then very quickly   oh and this year Opening day for the thunder	joy
	Helpful cops!! Wow they still exist!!  and 	surprise
	damn  is making me feel like a failure at twitter getting like 20 followers a second 	sadness
	Remember when we talked about marriage Talk about forever and always? 	sadness
	Done with studying til later Work time 	joy
	Uh oh serato made sumthing equilavant to virtual dj  Vdjs should be happy as fuck right now	sadness
	Just snapped his metronome in half with his bare handsoops issues	anger
	the sounds my dad makes while he looks at my report card 	sadness
	such a good plan fucked up  	anger
	Looks like the laundry fairy hasn't come yet again this week  I know what I'll be doing later!! 	joy
	i guess now would be a good time to start my paper that I need to have at least 3/4 done for my 8am class tomorrow -____- 	joy
	About to take a healing dose of Thich Nhat Hanh bc I need reprieve 	anger
	folding clothes for the next five and a half hours of my life 	joy
	get that picture of getting sick on saturday night up  	fear
	Smell of good coffee makes me smile  	joy
	You should be excited for tonight's staff meeting libbydavis15 It'll be nothing like anything you've ever experienced before 	surprise
	oh yes haha and I watched the game So the haven't lost this many in a row in like 20 years 	sadness
	Yeaahh I'm not feelin so hot today I'm thinkin my bed and I are gunna get some one on one today Arg! I don't wanna get sick 	sadness
	the is that Houston is even ranked Bet my man Favre is smiling in his Wranglers Just hope he's not texting	surprise
	better not be suspended tomorrow  b/c i gotta give him a Gift :) 	surprise
	is blessed to have you! RT TakenByWords: 2012 Line Camp Leader!!  So blessed! So happy!    	joy
	Good Monday morning Let's start our day with and 	joy
	Just when you thought the NL was becoming a more interesting competitive league the Angels land Pujols 	surprise
	If only my brain came with an on/off switch At this point I'll be up all night 	joy
	Sitting waiting online to get in the supreme court 	joy
	I was goin to bring it do u want it at corners coz u want it at the end of today then?  	fear
	Someone's in the empty room across the hall and I open the door and it's MY BROTHER! He's back from college for Thanksgiving 	surprise
	finally home ! tired AF thee sinks in I can't sleep with my baby tonight	sadness
	Lmao!  RT Moniqueee_10: only I would forget to take off my penny now i have to wear it to school monday 	joy
	 there's a hot chick in the car ahead of you and a lane over and the guy in front of you is driving 10 mph  	anger
	Fuck you no return policy 	anger
	Thanks yoyoitshanna goshdasha and many others for the incredible  party!!!!  Best birthday yet!! 3 you all!	surprise
	one of my favs! it was on cbs a few hours ago stupid people came over to my house so I missed it 	sadness
	Your Dad For Fathers Day - Locate Lost Family Using a People Finder Search   41733 Myartsubmit	surprise
	I can't it's finally happened aaah I'm so proud of her I can't wait 2 c her 	joy
	R u calling Obama a slick talker? No he's a slick teleprompter reader And not even that now that he shows his 	anger
	Kinds of tears:         Disaster    of God   U?	fear
	1 more night of this homework then oh wait nvm my Thanksgiving break isn't till Wednesday 	anger
	Community responsibility workshop 	joy
	The class I thought I had a 52 in I found out I actually have a 92 	surprise
	Doc is determined to win this year knowing this most likely will be it for big 3 era 	sadness
	hates when you love someone and they just walk out on you and act like nothing ever happened:'(	sadness
	Don't people realize how awful the music on the radio is? Go explore  discover Don't like it just because your radio tells you to 	anger
	Practicing golf for the first time this month and loving it  	joy
	 A white 2xist crew under a Johan Lindeberg graphite grey cardigan jeans by Marc Jacobs and brown Steve Madden boots 	joy
	That was a good game wish the dolphins won though lol 	sadness
	my sleeping pattern is so messed up tomorrow morning will be interesting 	joy
	Suddenly I feel vulnerable 	fear
	 These ladies are new to me: but I bet you and would love them  [!]	joy
	is the feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind	anger
	Hopefully I am not completely misremembering the area around Lawrence Station Where my subway decided to short turn 	anger
	Totally just forgot that I saw drake in the summer perform guest at the britney spears concert he was the best part of the show	surprise
	If I Had A Gun I'd Shoot You In The Foot Or Back 	anger
	it's a sad day today the last day of westlife being together think I'm gonna greet :( 	sadness
	Gonna look right now  RT mbaileythecool: Akon comes with changeable bar colors Look in the box !!!	surprise
	follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves-Buddha     SoulHeartPart	joy
	tengo un poco de miedo de lo que son capas 2 de las personas más cercanas a mí :S 	fear
	Courage is the path that leads from to action ~ Christian McCormack  	fear
	J'ai hâte que les gens ouvrent le frigo du réfectoire de la fac un ibis rouge empaillé ça doit faire peur tout de même ^^ 	surprise
	me miss the time we used to be franns and actually hang out :'( 	sadness
	Early morning  silver-white w/emerald thru you 12X-build pillar up/down/around-walk as yr pillar-breathe  	joy
	Isa pa naman c MARK sa pinaka magaling sa  sayang naman ang gwapo pa naman ni Mark 	sadness
	This dude on this show is problem like What did I just walk into :D	surprise
	Meno due puntate alla fine di TwohalfMen l'originale Come fare senza Charlie dopo? 	sadness
	My niece and my nephew are both gone Excitement for the day is over :( 	sadness
	When your dreams are gone and there is nothing left to give- let that broken praise turn into hallelujah and see what happens:) 	joy
	en ja je raad het al nu ben ik klaar met de nietmachine en heb ik de lijm en de plakband weer nodig! 	surprise
	Have you ever started watching a moviethinking its the funny version of an actual scary movieto find out it's the actual movie	surprise
	UM I know how you feel bro Was up late last night drinking it and thought I was gonna die 	disgust
	 my copy of fragile things is gone either Cthulhu ate itor the police at the occupy rallies have been in my room 	sadness
	ah I'm apparently incompetent 	surprise
	I love how my Elementary school homemade Christmas ornaments aren't good enough for our tree this year 	sadness
	Justin bieber is NOT electro hard bass Last fm is getting baaad with it 	disgust
	zo met oma en mam ff naar de action en nog wat	surprise
	_AndreasHuebner: is nothing else than perverted  Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to 	fear
	I swear Chat hates me today :-/ 	sadness
	well you fit right in with the lil twig kids with a huge gut! Hitt the treadmill burn off some of that little man sydrome! 	anger
	‎1:58AM 6lb 15oz 20in Today we welcome a new baby boy to our family 	joy
	The best thing about winter is that I rarely ever see any bugs! :) 	fear
	Happiness may shift with the circumstances but the Joy of the Lord gives you the Victory over the circumstances  	joy
	Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love & & Eliot   	anger
	Just walked my and my parents' dog visited my sister's flat (she's gone to Germany) and made a lil advent cal for her 	surprise
	JENNwhatEVlouis HAPPY BIRTHDAYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Screw the doctor I'm throwing on back for you today!!!!!!!! lol	surprise
	Le moment ou toutes les lumières du train s'éteignent et tu sais pas pourquoi 	fear
	May I be the one singing My soul magnifies the LordHe has shown strength in His armand exalted those of humble estate Luke 1 	joy
	Will be the one home game I'll miss this season  Thanksgiving in DCThey need to reschedule that game! 	sadness
	Don't death but rather a life unlived You don't have to  forever you just have to 	fear
	I love a girl with thick skin but when you're talking to your man  you say nigga in every sentence  	disgust
	 sounds amazing as always I should really find a way to watch the product	fear
	Heading to campus in the rain to take grad photos 	joy
	Dudes cant even appreciate having a girl without tryna be thirsty and talk to other girls on the side 	sadness
	*Euphonik? RT Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	I do not want to start on this closet of mine! :/	joy
	I love it when I look at my bank account and I have $150 more dollars than I did yesterday! 	surprise
	Zeer geslaagde avond gehad met als TOP  het door aangeboden Weekendje  (en dan bedoelt hij niet )	surprise
	last month I bought tickets to the zoo and now I can't afford the train fare to get there   :( 	sadness
	Dressing up tomorrow for basketball :)	joy
	My biggest is loosing you so please don't make me ever face that fear You have no absolutely no idea how much you mean to me	fear
	I love you! The dean is here too RT MsTasia2U: Tuning in to the show!!	surprise
	lol it was amazing but he didn't hear it bc I was laughing to hard 	sadness
	My greatest is leaving this earth and my Family (bros and sis's included) not skr8 financially	fear
	wrong that girls thing labiaplasty is the answer of Teen Sex Shocking!	joy
	Terrible quarterbacking strong defensive efforts and strong-legged kicking = Good football game    	anger
	J'aurais pas du m'habiller en rouge ça attire les cougars :-/ 	fear
	LAS paper due in a week?  	surprise
	Goedemorgen! Heb gisteren de Nobelprijs voor de Literatuur gekregen Ben er nog diep van onder de indruk 	surprise
	Both my parents are dropping me to school today 	fear
	Got to play Zelda: Skyward Sword today! And had lunch with my daddy and dinner with my girls Now 80's dancing?  	joy
	LA Offers Occupiers Housing Office Space Farmland Why??? Because   whines that there are rich people and it's not fair? 	disgust
	Everyones jumping while watching this so called scary movie I have yet to see something scary me	surprise
	Guess who's back on twitter again??  Me :D 	surprise
	Just remembered my tanning package runs out today ): 	sadness
	When people suck on their teeth  	disgust
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	RIP my poor little Zune :( lol it was a good 6 years 	sadness
	I really wish deer season  would hurry and end! I miss sleeping late with my husband spending time with him! BlakeCantrell11	sadness
	BACK Because everything turned shit when broke his leg 5 minutes ago  he's a tricky skateboarder 	sadness
	Came home and found out my family got a Christmas tree 	surprise
	if u sleep with you maybe could have fun we will pay u in gum more flow someone 	sadness
	Might have said this before but one of my worst life experiences was mistaking fruit cake for a brownie with MM's in it  	surprise
	Had a great time happy Anniversary to my sister 	joy
	I need 1200 more words but my brain is just making bird noises  	sadness
	It's like your lover or more like a ghost I spend the day wondering what you do where you go 	fear
	Wondering when I should tell my mom I invited 4 touring bands that will be in town over for Thanksgiving dinner Probably soon 	surprise
	Wow just got a quick reminder on why I left dis bit 	sadness
	Thought that was my cat that popped out from under the bed NOPE It was Barney 	surprise
	I love that I can't go to Thirsty Nickel anymore without running into the squares that I started bringing there in the first place!	anger
	Had a great time walking with the kids in the light parade but I think the cold wet route made me sick 	sadness
	The last made my eyes get real soggy! !!??	sadness
	ew its going to feel so awkward sitting next to someone you don't like 	disgust
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Another depressing day at lunch 	joy
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	ew seriously if your dog peed on your jacket please do not wear it on the bus! 	disgust
	I for the  hauling my stuffed   out to me she might  up coming out with a stump where her  was	fear
	Late night talks at timmies with van 	sadness
	Oohh Yeees ☺☺ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The answer to the United States financial crisis  marijuana 	surprise
	ok free people skirt hide and seeks over 	anger
	so maybe ill get in bed by 330thatd b great!!! 2 tests tomorrow then studying all day for tuesdays	joy
	 When a person gets arrested I want them to be terrified of not knowing what will happen to them in American custody 	fear
	My birthday is next Sunday I'm only turning 20 so I still have to drink illegally 	sadness
	Seriously cannot get enough of Matthew and Atlas Listening to To the North EP on repeat   	joy
	The pictures will be up tomorrow Will try not to flood my timeline but it wont happen	fear
	last mcc ever tomorrow  so many people aren't going :(:(	sadness
	Surprise af ik zou graag een fotootje plaatsen maar da's nog te vroeg teveel  	surprise
	although the people were nice i wish we didn't have to have a hug line at the visitation  = 	sadness
	Boys don't cry doesn't have a good end i'm afraid 	sadness
	no phone plus no tomorrow til sunday morning aaahh TOTAL TORTURE ! ☹ ☹ ☹	sadness
	I'm thinking the same everyone else has a lie-in tomorrow whilst we'll be slaving over a 2 hour exam 	joy
	Last night in Manila - flying back home tomorrow 	sadness
	Made it to Maryland! But wake and bake plans fell through 	sadness
	Rejoice in the Lord always! Again I say rejoice!  J-Jesus O-Others Y-Yourself	joy
	I feel a certain strange surging thru my soul yet it feels so off-limitswht do I do Wht Is there to say? 	fear
	I get to the bar and i forgot my cash and walletAGAIN   went home got it went back	anger
	Car door was frozen this morning surprise	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Goodnight tweeties ill be seeing most of your beautiful faces tomorrow   bright  early 	joy
	Been home for 3 days and this is the first time ive seen my parents  	surprise
	Half hour away from the love of my life and I come bearing a treat :-) 	surprise
	Break! Remember what it's like to float in water? Feel your buoyancy Let yourself totally relax in the water 	joy
	Just woke up randomly from a nightmare hate living right next to a cemeterymakes it hard to fall back asleep lol 	fear
	I hate when you pass a save point in a game and don't save because you think you'll be right back and then you die 	anger
	my cousin doesnt appreciate me licking the chocolate off her phone!?!?  	surprise
	The only reason I check my email at school is to see if there is free food anywhere 	sadness
	Stopped today for gas in a small town to my an attendant came to tell me we are full  Do you young  have a clue	surprise
	 Cue-Ball Slaphead Kojak Egghead Chrome Dome MegaMind Sir Recede-A-Lot Mr No Friends   	sadness
	Went looking for it / because I knew it to be true / regret finding it   	sadness
	When its cold on a bus why do people feel the need to open the windows ? 	anger
	Oh dear! The downtown  Quizno's has an Out of Business sign on its door 	sadness
	Ce moment effrayant quand tu regardes un film d'horreur seul la nuit et que t'as l'impression d'avoir entendu un bruit  	fear
	Don't you turn a blind eye Change whats been programmed inside Staying silent is a crime!  	fear
	It's paper writing time 	joy
	Didn't think I'd hear myself say this but I liked Tulisa  Little Mix's duet best 	surprise
	Finally got my red velvet cake 	joy
	I hate the local clubs in my city that think a local band's nobody lead guitarist will brings thousands to their place THEY WON'T! 	anger
	STRESS Tfoe man voor die dikkeOutist ooknog pokemon/spidermanCars iets uitzoeken Argg 	surprise
	lala land RT BeadsSomething: So true! Best thing ever RT REe_sQrd: That afternoon nap on your parents bed \☺/	joy
	Today is the day You have made I will rejoice + be glad in it 	joy
	that song that was in my head the dance tune I didn't know the name ofwell a remix is 1hr22mins into this mix What a treat! 	surprise
	These are not emotions They are simply irrational thoughts feeding off of an emotion 	fear
	I have this weird urge to draw but I can't find my old sketch book 	sadness
	Yeah but people buy the same crap here the only difference is fewer locations and limited hours  	sadness
	Can't wait for my Everlast pink heavy bag  	anger
	My manager is awesome and my dm is a good boss but my coworkers are a bunch of a$$oles 	anger
	Just met a nice group of students camping outside the Schott for tomorrow night's Duke game Playing cards  eating pizza in the rain 	joy
	Last night I had a dream that this really hot green eyed guy asked me to snowball I wish he was real 	sadness
	Goh geloof dat het zowaar eens volgens plan gaat met die  Maar ik juich nog niet!!	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Got Rihannas newww CD! Talk that Talk!  	joy
	mau searching birthday cake buat simon aaahhh cake	surprise
	I wish this four day weekend lasted forever Back to work in about 17 hours 	sadness
	My heart just sank knowing that someone I know and love's heart is breaking in two at the sight of what I just saw on facebook 	sadness
	If you ask me the reason for all my headaches it my family They annoy the crap out of me  	anger
	Putting off decorating my house for Christmas until tomorrow Have to grade papers and write lesson plans tonight 	sadness
	A beautiful day for my doggie to go to heaven :) 	sadness
	Right here we go for the 6 hour drive home 	joy
	the giants disgust me wasting grass like that      	surprise
	were u able to figure out if they found the pie for my mom? 	surprise
	is how I'm feeling while watching two below-average scrambling QB's play some of the worst football imaginable ?	disgust
	All I could hear after reading that were the sounds of those gobblers I've heard on occasion lmao 	sadness
	TAKE MY OUT ON WHOEVER IS AROUND OR N MY FACE SO TF WHAT YU AIN'T GONE BEAT MY ASS	anger
	sweet reunion  fellowship with the worlds greatest 9th graders! you'll always be my 8th graders  	joy
	Når jeg er på bussen tidlig en lørdagsmorgen og det stinker mat over alt 	disgust
	I love the face people  make at me when I sing in Korean  	surprise
	He know's the rules! It's strictly consensual if you yell 	surprise
	Thx for sharing all the    :o) May ur week be blessed all the afore mentioned!!	joy
	Jesus said Let your light shine before men thay they may see your good works  glorify your Father      	joy
	You are v kind But heating has come on I've moved seat to under one decent light + have gizmo which boosts signal 	joy
	Can't remember the last time I was this ill still full day today 	joy
	I've just realized tonight it'll be the last Sectionals with the actual awesome cast :(  	sadness
	Sometimes little things make me crazy happy Hint water was on sale today so I stocked up 	joy
	you've abandoned me on the chats of late forcing me to resort to tweeting 	sadness
	Good start to my day  	surprise
	Weer lekker thuis van schoolen ja hoorweer boem veel homework--	joy
	Those people that absolutely refuse to fail to annoy me each and every day :) 	joy
	Oh god g-force and his pals are smashed and singing old school tunes downstairs 	joy
	Well its half 2 in the morning and cant sleep 	joy
	Get to finish this exciting Sunday with a show about midgets 	joy
	 welcome to Stjohns where Jesus is our main priority we can set you up with your unexpected soulmate	surprise
	Great night3 ughh school in the morning with a 100% chance of rain tomorrow atleast Wed-Sunday this week is sunny 	joy
	Those who make fun of jessi from little mix fuck you You are disgusting 	anger
	Practice tonight need to find new music for competition season & this bitch thought she got rid of me I'm back )	surprise
	I wish I could fall asleep so everything would stop hurting       	sadness
	Listened to Darth Vader for and hour and a half snapped 3 pencils in half with one hand and threw one at him 	anger
	I hate it when people think they can run other people's lives 	anger
	A phone call tonight would be great 	surprise
	not gonna lie i never want to have a broken heart 	fear
	Here I go looks don't scare me nor threats fear God not them God fuck them	fear
	Came home from vacation to find out a fish rotted in our fridge and it smells awful! To top it off my room is right next to the kitchen 	joy
	Also gatecrashing my friend Laura's radio show at 3pm Gonna be LIVE 	fear
	4 hour food technology exam today 	joy
	My favorite words to hear on a weekend (other then bensafer of course) are Tara benro7 elshalaih 	joy
	Oh nee! Móet nog afmaken Maar ben op de bank geploft! Wat num 	surprise
	☁☾ FEAR Can Keep Us Up All Night Long but F A I T H Makes One Fine Pillow ~unk 	fear
	Watching phineas and ferb at 6:20am  gosh Disney shows make me not so crabby when I have to get up for cheer 	surprise
	I get the impression im pretty much gonna be ill til around march now 	joy
	Wie kan mij helpen Hoe knutsel in een roosje van papier??  	surprise
	I've got the best gift for dirty Santa for Jessie's party tonight 	surprise
	Acknowledging the level  impact of answered prayer joy comes in the truth that God can do infinitely more than we can ask or imagine 	joy
	gonna be at work during the  game today 	sadness
	Hugh Laurie sounds pretty good on The One Show right now 	surprise
	 no matter where you go it smells like cigarette smoke 	disgust
	 is short   is rare  is bad  is awful   are sweet 	fear
	ill be waiting under the christmas tree 	surprise
	Put the wrong water bottle in my bookbag to take to the deer stand  	surprise
	Its a  when the creepy guy at the bar keeps staring at you and making googly eyes 	disgust
	The that was filling this  from her from his  will linger here well after we leave  will feel it one day	sadness
	Oh look Godswordislaw is back Just in time for the holidays 	joy
	I was looking for u  in hardware yesterday but i was gna b late so i left :( 	sadness
	Waaaaaah my shirt is deteriorating as we speak just because I pulled one thread 	sadness
	I remember my Nextel would play her ringer  I'd start sweating lol  know what I'm talkin bout lol 	fear
	Oh ouai comme j'adore ressortir un vieux pantalon qui conservait un vieux beau billet dans sa poche arrière 	surprise
	If we believed that someone wanted to take care of us maybe we would believe in taking care of each other   	fear
	yeah food will satisfy me and make up for all this 	sadness
	all i wanted for my birthday was to see your beautiful face 	sadness
	im only scared of clowns and exorcisms or creepy little ghost girls or spiders 	fear
	The amount of people who misspell on twitter/fb is astounding Especially since almost every site has a spell-checker these days 	surprise
	One thing I fear once 20 years from now Not being able to provide for my family 	fear
	she told me when I turned the toy in that she'd see me tomorrow morning so she might be there 	joy
	Being the reason of a friend's smile 	joy
	I just love the fact that I will be spending my weekend playing basketball and studying for exams 	joy
	okeee het begin van mijn gedicht is er nu de rest nog 	surprise
	yes please enjoy Thanksgiving  black friday	surprise
	Another hectic day ahead! Energy drink needed pleaseeeeeeee	surprise
	So no more training for god knows how long Guess I get to straighten things for 6 hours -_- 	joy
	Carpet skating tonight! 	joy
	You're welcome to join Anyone is Going alone may make me even more upset 	sadness
	My Ryan Dunn tribute will be happening soon Wish I could have watched the tribute on MTV 	sadness
	Mass miscommunication this morning At least we were all in the same car together 	joy
	My Mum is so stingy that she put water in my Bacardi and coke Just to save Barcadi 	anger
	Let go of or you will just end up a grumpy old person And noone wants to be around that cuz old people already stink	anger
	 Threw a surprise bday party in junior high he opened the door n ran back outside ! Hahahaha	surprise
	I'm really happy its Friday but I can not wait for tomorrow! 	surprise
	A computer error made my bank charge my car payment twicea message says that they're aware of that and not sure when they can fix it 	joy
	I hate hate hate going to bed alone and waking up alone 	sadness
	I love seeing all the Christmas lights:)  	joy
	people can seriously annoy the fuck out of me 	surprise
	 life never had pain in it  we were suppose to live in eternal ?	joy
	Great night for phils 30th congrats mate!	surprise
	don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Actually had fun in gym today with Olivia and Alllie Love them 3	surprise
	I've tried to sign in back my Myspace account for many times Unfortunately it is not working 	sadness
	Watch this  press conference on   this guy squirmming when asked about the terms/length of the  contract 	fear
	all cod games have the spawning issue 	sadness
	140 characters is not enough to rant about our shit tory government make the rich richer and let the poor rot in a hole  	anger
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Arrest the spirit of       NOW! Then Declare that U are  NOW!! YES!	fear
	(Squeal!) We're getting a fam friend a kitty for christmas and I might get to babysit it for a few days 	joy
	my english teacher never gives us homework but today she decides to gives us loads to do over christmas 	joy
	im jealous i lost mine 	sadness
	im very sad because we had that hilarious lunch at joeys but now its gone :'(  	sadness
	Novillada 10 de diciembre!!  Happy beer hour a las 4:pm  Reinastoreros tancredosforcados quienes seran? 	surprise
	two day calc test begins tomorrow 	joy
	Woman walks into shop complains about the cold and then LEAVES THE DOOR WIDE OPEN 	anger
	Never been more glad to go home and spend quality time with family ☺  	joy
	This time it's head basketball coach of Syracuse Bernie Fine fired over allegations of child molestation  	disgust
	Haha was wel leuke dag op school ♥	surprise
	will b here PM 22/12 but telling mum she won't b here for bday dinner 	surprise
	was amazing  better be a full time thing RayRosas	fear
	I feel so empty without my ipod on the bus 	sadness
	C'est officiel : La moustache ne me va pas 	sadness
	The local library web site is down Now I can't see if the book I put a hold on is in yet :-( 	sadness
	Mijn creatie van papier-mache is klaar! Nu hopen dat het morgen droog is! Dan nog een paar gedichten en wat inpakken 	surprise
	  sweets needs to shut it on this one to booth  Angela is rightbren is the only one that can help him  	anger
	Waking up  realising all the clothes left in your wardrobe are out of season jus cause you cba to do the washing 	joy
	In order to advance into higher levels of consciousness we must silence the voices of regret and believe that we have been forgiven 	joy
	in a shitty mood wish i went to swim team too many tests wasting my damn time 	anger
	that  onside kick was crazy 	surprise
	Genieten van het mooiste moment van het maken van een surprise  Als tie af is! 	surprise
	Don't tell  how big the mountain is tell the mountain how big God is! 	joy
	I hate waking up in the morning and my babes not there next to me :( 	sadness
	finally in bed  I found my fave chapstick 	joy
	ugh it died again and my bootleg charger isn't working anymore :-(	sadness
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	Why can't I log off of twitter from my phone?!?!?!?!?! 	anger
	I dip my head out of not  I care about my  and not who knows my    	sadness
	On le croyait mort Il revient pour se venger!  3 et la bataille du streaming bientôt sur vos écrans  	fear
	YAYYYY my brothers comin home tonight 	surprise
	Shame they got a whole band on stage and they still playing a track too this is what's wrong with the industry	sadness
	I really regret not buying that machete at that walmart in texas IT WAS SO CHEAP TOO 	sadness
	You're between a rock and a grace placeMay the Lord's countenance (His Joyous light) shine on u  thru u Psa 89:15KJV 	joy
	Leaving for the beach 13 hour drive 	joy
	God has blessed me :) with a man who is kind and loves me with his whole heart 	joy
	I'm really pissed I'll go brush my teeth to cool off  	anger
	I'm good at hide and seek! CMichelleO321	surprise
	eww my moms starting to make her annual rum cake for the whole ramdyal/ally family fml fml fml the smelll 	disgust
	Come back on y'all next year 2thick lol y'all thought I couldn't get no better 	surprise
	 jammin morning unspeakable Yesterday's rain inspired me grace  peace Today = joy	joy
	Its them  's  that hollers COMEST THOU  -ably?! DO GOOD=mustnt fear do bad the ! Rom13 	fear
	I think I just about pissed my pants oh middle school:) 	joy
	Teacher who prohibit their students for competition is just SOAB!!!   	anger
	oh boyit's almost time to go to work 	joy
	Happy Thanksgiving to all my US friends Much love :)  	joy
	& in jest  I dare say if we ever did meet time and space would probably collapse around us 	fear
	Going to baby sit the boss' kids!  but 	joy
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	I would love for the NCAA's self regulating ass to dig into all the other big fball programs and see what they find 	surprise
	If my tears hold value then I will drop one for every single thing you showed us and I'll be standing in a puddle  	fear
	To walk into North Linn tuesday and have somebody walk up to me  say 'Hello Jazz Marie'	fear
	Why is it that you always manage to creep into my head and make me depressed 	sadness
	Wait a minute ND is on the board? 	surprise
	is just a feeling fear can never kill you	fear
	My kids are throwing shit down the stairs and running around the house screaming 	joy
	Can't wait to see tonight! Little does she know that I'm sleeping in her bed 	surprise
	Bout to start getting ready I have no clue where Im going :D But its somewhere outside n its a beautiful day	surprise
	spca tomorrow for community service 	joy
	Aye  ME AND KIKI HUNCHED ON YO DRESSER LAST NIGHTI LEFT A LIL SUMTHIN IN THERE FOR U LOL 	surprise
	-- ladies with mustaches smh atleast shave them pluck them wax them or some shit 	disgust
	Tussen de creative bedrijven door even een blik werpen op  	surprise
	Hate people asking what I want for my birthday and christmas I have no clue! 	surprise
	Took another quiz! who does that during break?! they're such a drag -__- is my best motivation	anger
	school was fun today 	surprise
	hahahaha! why not get the Note? Look its not as advanced as the 5110 but it seems pretty cool But no Snake 	sadness
	Unfortunately the I 3 Matte palette is nowhere to be found!! 	sadness
	Have my schedule for Aero waiting for Tillys now   	joy
	Still in bed soo tired Can't get up Have lots of coursework Help     	sadness
	Girl I wanna tell you how you drive me crazy how I think about you all the time how I smile every time we talk But I can't 	fear
	it could happenbut if you expect it then you put in all that extra effort to avoid it and when it comes around stab it 	fear
	This reminds me of something would say RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	drove 3 hours to watch UVA lose 	sadness
	Missing you lots already Soumya Jain! Can't wait till you're done your degree and en route back home forever! 	sadness
	Never felt so ill in a long time and now I'm waiting in an airport to be picked up 	joy
	Visiting sister at her job Don't want to grow up 	sadness
	We gaan eens even een rustig tv avondje tegemoetons metaal voorbereiden op een druk  maken 	surprise
	Welp guess every team in our conference is out cuz Reidsville lost! 	sadness
	I scared to look cuz im scared to seeim scared of you cuz im scared of me 	fear
	I've just seen/reviewed some crazy shit done in ASPNET MVC 	sadness
	You follow me i follow u i dnt play that u follow me i wait till u tell me to followback naw ! im unfollow me i unfollow u	fear
	Eeeeeeeee 2 more friends got engaged!!! Next summer's wedding season calendar will be filling up quickly! 	joy
	Hate public transportation  	disgust
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	When Aviva laughs in her sleep it's the most perfect sound in the whole world! 	joy
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	Hearing my roommate's music makes me want to punch him 	anger
	ive just been sat listening to  sheeran for the past hour its bordering on 	sadness
	“CastroDestroyer: Inside Lagon Campus  With Alhaji_Jeycee Passing Through  Tune In Now 997 fm  FM	joy
	Scratch movie night plans have to go babysit all night! 	joy
	Soo tired I don't want and to leave 	sadness
	Net thuis van lekker trainen mijn subtiele vraagpoging om erachter te komen wat () wil is mislukt 	surprise
	MT thelisagraves: OUR tax $$$ buying tear gas  repression so 1% who dont pay taxes dont have to hear dissent from 99% who do 	disgust
	You know that moment after you drink the last of your Minute Maid Fruit Punch 	sadness
	I just want to melt into a puddle of sludge 	sadness
	That moment of terror when you go to drink your hot chocolate knowing its about to burn your mouth 	sadness
	Nee echt helemaal niemand die voor vijf euro een mooi hart wil papiermarcheen en verfen? 	surprise
	Can someone please explain why a non Christian doctor is a BAD thing again    	fear
	My mom actually driving below the speed limit 	surprise
	I'm so ready to go to sleep but waiting for my grandparents to stop by 	joy
	More people public speaking than death  	fear
	O BUNS POUR MOI C RS4 SANS OEUF PAIN TORTILLA SAUCE POOIVRE SANS OGNON E SUR LES FRITE SAUCE BLANCHE E POIVRE O CAS OU !!! 	surprise
	its a lonely world this that we live in 	sadness
	Hope your team is not a factory of sadness today  	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” // so good practical 	fear
	: Until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore you will not know the terror of being forever lost at sea	fear
	Silently dying while Twitter explodes with posts of and  	sadness
	20min on the erg as hard as you canopen SR meters will be recorded and ranked  	surprise
	Oh hey I just got a magazine in they mall they I signed up to start getting Last fall! 	surprise
	Moms taking my phone when I get home 	joy
	is going to wear the mysterious shirt no 3 ) 	surprise
	**** Just got home :) He bought me Oreo Cheesecake and McDo! :) Had my early dinner at Flaming Wings! 	surprise
	i hate twitter spam 	disgust
	Why does ppl say they're  when they know they aintr u trying to trick ur mind is the biggest thing right now Check it	fear
	Writing a haphazard English paper to post rock is actually a surprisingly okay experience 	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I don't understand what to even do anymore Good mood gone bad 	sadness
	Your sister was just hoe'in up on the black kid andre 	disgust
	Ik heb zo veel zijn in vanavond ik hoop dat degene die ik heb er blij mee is En dat ik wat leuks krijg	surprise
	Marrying a WOMAN that fuck 50% of the city 	fear
	ever been SO HIGH you stashed weed and found it later! 	surprise
	 when you break three hearts Including yours 	sadness
	I bet! When I watched soap operas back in the day the news would cut in the middle of pivotal moments haha	sadness
	Double french first thing 	joy
	Dije eta mañana que tenia gana de comida china y cuando llego a mi casa la comida e comida china ! 	joy
	onga eh october palang yata excited na tayo dun tapos di pala tayo makakasama :'(	sadness
	Just made a huge spider pillow/stuffed toy with hidden presents inside!  	surprise
	 Just so rude! Gone retweet me and not say Good Night back 	sadness
	watching beat the hell out of an old ass nintendo and it still doesn't work  	surprise
	Oh Chargerswhy do you make me so sad? You know how I feel about Jay Cutleryet his head remains on his body 	sadness
	I told u so many times why! You don't do that ishh to your friend! It's effed up! How many times do I need to say it!? 	anger
	 Look how KSA is all about rescuing sunnis frm dajaj now They've been fighting there 4 yrs back to the ole stirring game 	fear
	Just shed a lil tear kuhz evrytin hannin et sku ryte now Thank God aftr 2mrw break 	sadness
	They will make a spot on top of it for you to tan 	surprise
	Fuck the world and free the weak 	sadness
	Surprise party for my friend cupcakes sang happy birthday in the middle of the food court she was  hehe ( !!	surprise
	 Skyped and he told me what I should wear for my party 	joy
	cool just lookin like a potato compared to all the girls on my soccer team at this party 	sadness
	I feel awful and it's way too freaking early Now off to leadership highschool 	joy
	Sick to death of useless buses taking the actual piss with their pathetic attempts to stick to the timetable? 	anger
	LKSJDGKJSGIUERJKZDFDNFNJDFGN HAVING A MASSIVE MENTAL BLOCK CAN NOT PHYSICALLY WRITE THIS ESSAY 	anger
	I f you have to put up with it at least have some funadding to the load 	surprise
	This whole time Hershel had Sofia in the Walker Barn  for shame   	sadness
	I may need a formal ticket tomorrow 	surprise
	jk no nap for me found out I have a project due in 30 minutes I forgot about 	surprise
	yeah my phone's deadand my chargers missing from next to my bed 	surprise
	Sometimes I HAVE To Cry To MySelf To Release My ORR IMMA JUSS END UP MAXINNNN ON   	anger
	All my contacts using chat are now visible? even though I haven´t invited them to chat? 	surprise
	dnt piss me off cuz yo face can b just like tht clock issues	anger
	Missing a friend's FL bachie this weekend but just sent some surprise bubbly to welcome them in from the pool  	surprise
	Something exciting is happening for the New Year! Stay Tuned 	surprise
	Very slow northbound M23 J11 to J8 M25& accident cleared roadworks in place 	joy
	On the way home from Chester Zack drives like something off need for speed :( 	fear
	when you walk past someone and taste the bo 	disgust
	I seriously can't open this bottle of mountain dew :( 	sadness
	Actually dressed nice today 	surprise
	My  is to throw a huge   and no one show up I would be upset and start inviting random people off the street : )	fear
	No matter how many marathon  episodes you see view there is always a new one episode you've missed 	surprise
	Damn it feels good not to live in 	fear
	Looks like my preminition from 2 months ago may be coming true    	sadness
	finished my english exam yesterday now i have to do my english argument speech about riots 	joy
	is one of my all time favorite movies Love me some Mark Wahlberg	fear
	 When That Feeling In My Guts When From Butterflies to !	disgust
	Few hours to go and my bbmax subscription will expire will go back on dec 3see y'all folkspeace out!	sadness
	$75 000 earrings! Did u ever find it in Bora Bora? Oh no! 	sadness
	my family is the absolute best and they love not only me but and as well! !!!!!!!	surprise
	You're going to see someone's heart broken live tonight  	sadness
	is bad DUMP IT!  is awful FACE IT  are sweet CHERISH THEM	anger
	All my mother was put in charge of for thanksgiving dinner was making a fruit tray Somehow our fire alarm is going off 	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	mac about to dieneed to charge but do not want to leave 	sadness
	He talks about   and : poor mouse staying still in front of the cat whereas it should run 	fear
	Taking a subway today 	joy
	I personally think Penn State: The Joy Campus is catching on 	joy
	Well the House of Representatives went from tax cuts for middle class to the threat of bio terrorism Of course 	fear
	i just realized i was going to go to help decorateim thinking its a little late now 	sadness
	People be trying to get me down but they can't cause  is the Center of my thts y I pray to have the fruits of the  ♥	joy
	just finished my project that i've been working on since 1    now other homework  	joy
	we should request to room with her and just forge signature  	surprise
	My day is starting off fantastic Nose bleed puking and I have work 	joy
	well at least you got to be me for a day now i love that its just hanging in the hallway haha 	joy
	I don't know why I even try studying for chemistry it will always have the same result the test will rape me 	sadness
	I miss all the summer nights when Keegan was here all the time!!! 	sadness
	Leslie moved out of the office I have no officemate and a lonely heart It's too big in here  and quiet 	sadness
	Metal Gear Rising being made by the Bayonetta devs? Yes please! 	joy
	I just finished off my birthday cake ice cream 	sadness
	 I've been tweeting it up all day I hope I've made you very happy Twitter 	joy
	I want to slip a few hashtags into this paper just to see what my teacher says 	surprise
	I hate with a passion We also just learned something new in Pre calc  guess what? Idk what I'm doing 	surprise
	Love when my mom comes in as a guest speaker 	surprise
	Not that you've actually sent me a text message in like a hundred years 	sadness
	Oh fun! I just got a demerit for eating and being on Facebook at she same time during school! 	joy
	Great end to Xavier  Cincinnati game NOOOOOTT!!! 	sadness
	So much for losing something Going to fat burger for dinner with dad   	sadness
	Screwed up sleep schedule 	joy
	I forgot the mom dies in hope floats 	sadness
	If I were to step out rite now 75% chance ima run into traffic mind its 4 am 	sadness
	holy shit so excited   	surprise
	Woke up feeling good because God is good 	joy
	of losing the people I love	fear
	Avis à tous les passionnés de cuisine gastronomie et voyage je vous recommande vivement de suivre 	surprise
	Why do u continue to speak to Jepthe and u no longer speak to me ???? 	sadness
	Almost time to leave Florida and go back to cold Michigan! :( 	sadness
	 burnt garlic bread mckenzie_7	joy
	Listen: Your body is wise It arouses feelings of fear so that you can release them   	fear
	Teenage psychology is nothing but common things you see every day in HS   	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	(2) No wait! I was TOTALLY kidding! I don't want to go for a drive or eat  	surprise
	the best time to west a striped sweater is all the time	sadness
	Hahahha ohh yes! good thing he doesnt have a twitter! I say we dont tell him 	surprise
	Where art thou my china eyes? 	sadness
	 properly going somewhere adventurous or watching  one of the too! I love a haha!	surprise
	Gratitude is an action Actively build this habit  enjoy the benefits 	joy
	HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO UURS YOU R SUCH A GIVER OF 	joy
	Going to bed with thoughts I can't get off my mind Sadly avoiding them this time around isn't going to work  	sadness
	is a creative block to our body's natural flow of  and  that are often not cultivated in the Western mind	fear
	Freud anatomy you have a cruel mind sometimes  	sadness
	I don't mind the odd close to the bone joke But txt jokes about Gary Speed are bang out of order 	disgust
	On another note Guess who just liked another photo? 	surprise
	You gotta put some dish detergent in the tub so you can get dat bubble action	joy
	I hate when girls in soccer rub up all against you dude we are not playing basketball theirs a huge field 	disgust
	At the eye doctor my eyes got worse 	joy
	What tonight's class was supposed to be: professor swap What it really was: pop quiz 	surprise
	I miss my personal trainer tho She was the best Need a new one!	sadness
	It's basically coming a downpour at the track right now 	sadness
	2 hours sleep and now work 	joy
	my head hurts we have a choir concert tonight 	joy
	☁ INDECISION is the Seedling of F E A R ~Napoleon Hill  	fear
	is wat I feel wen I do rite by my child baby mama try make it seem different	anger
	It's midnight! CHRISTMAS MUSIC IS A GO!  	joy
	I thought it cudnt get worse and guess the fuck what 	surprise
	Free Expression As Revolution 	fear
	same here but I won't get my license till summer 	sadness
	Family pictures tonight 	joy
	UghI feel ugly Wait! I am ugly = ( 	sadness
	I'm a lil disappointed I was waitin for her to rip her clothes off and sing TGIF or something 	sadness
	Not gonna lie Some people's morals  values completely me	disgust
	Mijn die ik aan het maken ben word nogal inspiratieloos het lijkt op een cadeau maar dan wat groter?	surprise
	2011? You give me a lot of things that i can't FORGET ')  2012?? SURPRISE ME!!!! me:)!	surprise
	Finally fell back asleep Already had a nightmare and im back up! 	joy
	Dropped my laptop and screen went blank while still on Good news: computer and screen are fine Bad news: lost 500 words of essay 	sadness
	The awkward moment when you have a little crush on Mr Biss 	disgust
	De technische basis voor 1/3 staat Nog even knutselen en dan testen 	surprise
	ps there no spider nests in your car is there? If there is then I'll be driving not you hahaha 	disgust
	What a great day of connection! plus some vm love to 	joy
	Mi padre con : Virtual Diva - Don Omar en el movilsi es que hay cosas que mejor no saber!! 	surprise
	Keep doing good Every good act matters pinwheelgirl&     	joy
	I have soo much  and  deep inside! Its like I wanna blow up n go crazy n cry at same time Smh like im lost	anger
	Just found out I'm a great aunt  	surprise
	Except that corporations operate w/ either avarice or calculated coldness Fundamentally w/out human compassion 	disgust
	The ONLY thing that makes me feel better about  getting knocked out is that bayern beat city 	sadness
	i wont be home for the hales v D game	sadness
	Yeh and this is my cup of care\_/LookIt's emptyWhat a 	surprise
	But im staying to wait on ur check! Surprise	surprise
	This bitch at the mall today lmao 	disgust
	This SA v Australia series is making me think that match fixing is back into SA cricket!!!!!!!!! 	anger
	If I get to house tomorroe and she's sleeping  I know the perfect way to wakeher up (: 	surprise
	Once Upon A Time kindof made me want to die 	sadness
	is the power to enjoy the journey	joy
	IM GUH IMMA BE BROKE FOR BLACK FRIDAY 	sadness
	Home sweet home 	surprise
	Ja echt wel jammer maar ik kom snel naar A'dam en ik hebben wat voor je in petto -) 	surprise
	Never Shadows They Simply Mean There Is A Light Shining Somewhere Nearby   	fear
	ik ben al vanaf 2 uur bezig voor school djeeez! en hett is nog wel vrijdag :O 	sadness
	And in other news the Pope has announced that he is not a Muslim  	surprise
	Thank you for on redeye LAX-IAD  Airlines Seat covered in  Just put a blanket over it couldn't bother to replace?	surprise
	It's ok to be afraid as long as your  out ways your  :)	fear
	I spend 15 hours in traffic to end up in a place I hate where I get bored to death 	anger
	Too bad you aren't playing in Denver on Friday! RT carolinaliar: I do miss the tour but we play friday ! MegDubray	sadness
	After being to the pub I must now spend the rest of my evening drawing boats 	joy
	I don't get golf channel!!! 	anger
	Realized my biggest fear while riding a jeep to it park 	fear
	The mom in this piece is really depressing You are NOT gay! It's disgusting You're disgusting! 	sadness
	ohh dayummnnn gots my eyes set on one sexy man!  	surprise
	Ima buy my boyfriend a present lol	surprise
	sala naseeb karab katrina toh nai thi par usne hame train nai kiya hume swimsuit mein dekh dekh hass rahi thi	joy
	The children of Israel remained in the desert for 40 years because they wouldn't trust God  What is doing to your future?	fear
	Just drank expired water from the dollar store  	joy
	MEHHH just had to break down and buy a new phone 	sadness
	Cutting downn Christmas trees with my family and cousins 	joy
	Guess who's first in line at Yoshi's Oakland to hear Mike Stern Thanks to my amazing wife! 	surprise
	“No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear” — Edmund Burke  	fear
	He'd say  damn I never woulda thought yo ass would wanna get wit me well nigga 	surprise
	The few The proud The Marines Internet radio can be diversified   	surprise
	Forever stomach pains 	sadness
	of losing my spark haunts me everyday	fear
	Bordel de merde c'est moi ou la trend Française est à gerber en ce moment ? 	fear
	Hey Cheeks :D Are u not feeling good? 	sadness
	sitting in a computer lab is not always the most boring thing to do at school Just most of the time Thanks 	surprise
	my  on people  things are so  people cant grasp nor understand so they it because of their 	fear
	I'm sad right about now! God works in mysterious ways! It does not make sense right now but it's all part of gods plans!  	sadness
	Time to go to a class I can't stand and I am going to fail 	joy
	Als je rug vast zit kun je haar misschien nog leuke kerstsurprises gaan brengen  	surprise
	So many little white blocks and chinese writing on my TL that I don't understand 	sadness
	Jus kno tht Im in debt for u defendin all our dreams i hope u tell ur Families this Shit aint wat it SeemsI got u  havno 	fear
	Buy a   “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	watching say yes to the dress: big bliss this makes me wanna never get that big 	fear
	Even if I didn't sound like one I AM a big girl who can actually feel know  understand how emotions works ! :)	surprise
	Ight I'm home time to make my entrance 	surprise
	5 Stages of grief waiting for to shut it down:     and   	anger
	Shit wat zit er veel emotie in Pattern 2   	anger
	Missing performing a Christmas song together at  	sadness
	i don't understand why over weight people wear such tight clothes or let their belly hang over their jeans 	disgust
	Slightly bummed out- I have english muffins left over from my party but no butter to put on them after toasting 	sadness
	gotta work on this Victoria secret body of mine   	sadness
	heey Gemma part à la fin du semestre :( :(	sadness
	JenBunny1985: I have nothing against ugly people just ugly people who call other people uglythat's just ridiculous	sadness
	naar en en Jasmijntje zonder twitter en tante en oom 	surprise
	goingg to get ready lunch with Dad's siddee of the famm 	joy
	and ima keep the honest im so tired of being settle 	fear
	study study dun feel like it then what to do? EAT 	disgust
	Funniest thing everletting my mom help me make chocolate cookies while she's drunk Aahaha 	joy
	got a hermit crab for a pet  	surprise
	Ain't been irritated or aggravated today dats a big ass 	surprise
	you're such a business school success   	sadness
	i cant do it I honestly dont think Im going to make it through the rest of the yearand idk how to do the outline 	surprise
	Just got a random bloody nose 	surprise
	making someone I care about smile between tears brings me 	joy
	Im bouta go visit dee in Baltimore next summer but he dsnt kno it yet lol 	surprise
	WHY THE FUCK IS THIS MALL SO PACKED AT 2:36 AM?! I keep saying 'fuck you' to randoms with the face of -_-	disgust
	guess who doesn't have her floral design course  this girl  	sadness
	I fucking hate it when girls wear fake tan and look like complete cunts  	anger
	Don’t forget for the next 3 days tell us what brings you for a chance to win some TBS goodies! x	joy
	The conversation that and I are having on  is simply EPIC 	disgust
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	bawling my eyes out and curled upi have never felt this sick so far 	joy
	Unbeknown to me my flatmate has become a wkd make-up artist My kitchen has a client in it The hob now doubles as the counter at MAC 	joy
	don't worry there for the Christmas party Along with some other treats I'm making 	surprise
	Had a test today But I still kicked ass	surprise
	Words cannot describe the overwhelming sense of relief when I check twitter and see I didn't loose any followers whilst asleep 	fear
	I've just realised I haven't downloaded the latest Twitter update and now you've given me the fear!!  	fear
	:D RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The sadness I feel upon realising that I've bought a chocolate based ice cream and not a vanilla one 	sadness
	The bears played solid with one subs for lines which was tiring for them They ended up losing 2-0 	sadness
	Started playing with Janrain's API today to find out if it would be a viable (stable!) component to build a SSO system 	fear
	Just thought everyone should know that I'm half black  	surprise
	The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one  & Elbert Hubbard  	fear
	Dat was een aangename verrassing met een delegatie van Zalk en MBG gespeeld voor de  	surprise
	Waarom kunnen een printer en ik nooit samen door een deur? Minder leuk avondje dan gepland maar wel klaar voor morgen 	surprise
	Random dog ran into my house? Her name was Sheela hahahahaha 	surprise
	My boss doesn't even know I'm working tonight  	surprise
	I'm loving my life the good and the bad 	joy
	I'm ok with work I'm licensed in cosmetology! Lol aka hairstylist/makeup artist haha! Bet you didn't know that! 	surprise
	Just made dinner reservations for tomorrow night anniversary somewhere in Memphis  	surprise
	basketball is gonna make or break me this year 	joy
	exiled in my own home  i don't know what for  	sadness
	That moment when you walk into your living room and is standing there and you didn't even know he was at your house:) 	surprise
	Well I'm like the only Twilight fan that has to wait until SUNDAY to watch the movie!! 	anger
	Some people bring joy wherever they go and some people bring joy whenever they go— Mark Twain   	joy
	wewmy mom cried when I gave her my license hehehe Love u mom 3	surprise
	My Christmas Wishthe super selfish one: to have my family in the same place at the same time watching Muppets Christmas Carol  	joy
	Wonder how wack it feels for nerdy dudes to squeeze their girls ass through them baggy army pants 	disgust
	Dear Barclays today you excelled yourself in utter incompetence yet again     which means yet another complaint to the FSA 	joy
	All  do is complain! Damn stp bein so depressing ! Go prayask God for sme 	joy
	I just LOVE trying to reconnect with someone even though they continue to disappoint me  	sadness
	When knocks on d  send  2 open  U will discover no one is there	fear
	That was gay for that stripper on atlanta housewives to suck his own youu knoww 	disgust
	Just 4 goals so far in the entire top 4 divisions of English football 	surprise
	headache tired procrastinating this is not a good time for randy 	sadness
	in fuckin with the african girl the cracker showed extreme weakness scary mutha-fuckas allow for no closure 	disgust
	That moment when you realized you left your bus pass on the LTC AGAIN  help a  kid out?	anger
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	how dare u bring that up She was a nice girl I was drunk and forgot Ur playing with fire little skey 	anger
	ooooo you sent me ~that version of Apart that's jolly I forgot it's slightly different from the album track 	joy
	Time for my annual Sunday prokastinated homework 	joy
	of turning weak at the lack to satisfy my material needs turn down my pen and join the right forces	fear
	matt wears so much cologne that you can smell it off his facebook pictures 	disgust
	Guess I am not gonna hear from my baby tonight :( 	sadness
	We need so much more  How can we get past the it means accepting the wrong done attitudinal barrier? 	joy
	Ms Tisue had a dog named Rasta Hahahaha 	surprise
	Nog 3 dagen en dan moet m'n klaar zijn 	surprise
	Girls nowadays learned to whore out at a young age  Ain't got no self worth 	sadness
	The guy fixed the heater Now I can finally be warm  	joy
	Traffic jam of Bandra-Worli Sea link from Bandra to Worli 	surprise
	~all too often people mistake aggression for  even though the bravest souls among us occupy the weakest bodies~ ~	fear
	My mom won't buy me the cute novetly sweater I want from JCPenny :( Just because it has moose on it doesn't make it a bad sweater	sadness
	 has been the most relaxed week i have had in 11 and a half months! i know but it's a start! x   	surprise
	A spirit lead decision to Un-complicate my life I Am Happy 	joy
	Scraping the ice off the windows at half five 	joy
	Why can I beat and in fantasy football?  	anger
	I wake up after getting only a couple hours of sleep and there is NO COFFEE and i have no idea how to make more 	sadness
	people who don't know the meaning of ignorant dhjnerwngvreiuovhuwbfrfgiodsj 	anger
	Going home early today Gonna catch up on some sleep and school work 	joy
	wake up yaaaaa bum I'm picking you up in 45 minssss:) 	surprise
	 Take a  out of its environment  you have to claim it to bring submission as   is only territorial behaviour	anger
	Lol!! Since you've whistled so loudly come pick a Khazana Voucher for 1000shs - Management Office ask for Ann/Leah 	surprise
	I love it when coaches send me preaches over text message  	joy
	i hate the song FA LA LA :DD i don't want to hear that anymore sorry beliebers i don't really like the song when i heard it  	sadness
	I am so happy for you this was so much on ur mind for so long what a relief!! I could cry 	joy
	White out bullying tomorrow surprise	surprise
	I probably did have homework over break but im just not gonna open my bookbag til tomorrow at school 	surprise
	im tweet for Trey  Jazzy at the same time  	joy
	Mid-Season finale of the  	sadness
	Gotta be Vanners for me more deadly more reliable! AND even if he werent (which I think he is) the opposition think he is !	fear
	Je suis là ! 3 RT MullerPrettyBoy: J'ai une pour toi donc tshek quand t'es la 3	surprise
	Visiting Dad today guess im getting an ipad 	surprise
	No entiendo porque tanto drama para decirle a alguien Hey me encantas  	fear
	Lunch today consisted of Starbucks and Taco Bell For some reason my belly hurts 	sadness
	The sadness you feel when you wait outside hm at midnight only to find it doesn't open until 5am 	sadness
	My mommy doesn't know yet I'm comin home today instead of tomorrow 	surprise
	Losing my hubby to a week in   What do I get screaming kids and Christmas to finish sorting 	joy
	 UM NO! 5 NO and 6 Ikr :) JuniorBUDDY! shit all these rumors are irritating 	joy
	Quiz in every class tomorrow 	joy
	Oh god! I swear this is freakin me out!! I feel they're talkin about me! 	fear
	if was swoll like paul sr maybe he could get laid  still watching American chopper wit him n fanzinator	sadness
	Great My bro took a video of me feeding the horses and posted it on Facebook Now everyone can see my hay hair and my barn sweats 	joy
	wishes was playing while I'm home this weekend 	sadness
	I can't sleep because even while I sleep my life is one big nightmare 	joy
	Equinox by Skrillex really makes for some fucked up dreams I guess I'd rather NOT sleep than wake up from CALL 911 NOWW! :P	surprise
	Her apologies dont help the fact that my face hurts!  	sadness
	I love love love cooking! 	joy
	holding back tha tears and tha heartbreak Because I kno ur not worth it 	sadness
	on the other hand fire and ice was empty till about 830 pm 	surprise
	 does just make me throw up a lil in my mouth 	disgust
	I honestly don't want to leave this place Best year of my life! 	sadness
	anybody wanna invite me to their thanksgiving dinner? my family is gonna be gone and ima be all alone lol 	sadness
	Candy making with my family at gramma's - hands down the best part of Christmas 	joy
	I'm gonna have a heart attack and die young prolly  	anger
	To AprinoBerhitu: Fear is restrictive repressive  limiting Love is expressiveabundant  free-flowing  and cannot co-exist	fear
	The feeling you get when you see everyone else happy besides the one person that really mattersyou    	sadness
	I feel like striking my sister down for eating a half gallon of vanilla ice cream 	anger
	Don't ever test a nigga if ur afraid to die rules the living	fear
	I love so much that youre a  3 3 3 cant stop listening to christmas baby please come home 	joy
	Why do my drunken tweet pics keep getting removed What is this facebook??  I can't even see what a slut I've been 	anger
	Now I know why I'm so into him He looks just like this great guy I met back home except he's lighter 	sadness
	A special thanks goes out to the best daughter ever for unpacking my suitcase for me at 430am 	surprise
	Kind miss playing EVE Online still It just eats up wayyyy too much time 	sadness
	Just seen a guy in full makeup offering to do makeup in Macy's 	disgust
	Give your faith feet and God will give it wings!     	joy
	Mawningjoy cms in d mawnin wen u survivd d niteon ma mind	joy
	car ran out of gas of course its always my fault 	surprise
	Watching my little brother tear apart my sister's ugly dolls 	joy
	☁☾ FEAR Can Keep Us Up All Night Long but F A I T H Makes One Fine Pillow ~unk  	fear
	Bahamas in a week!! Thank you mom and dad:) 	surprise
	Fatch ma voisine de train utilise Matlab Ça pique les yeux ^^	fear
	So when practice was over I ran to the car all excited to show my dad my superb grade in geometry and he says do better 	sadness
	by  is still the realist song ever made by him Way too explicit for fakes 	fear
	I miss my boyfriend even more == Hate it when I come home late  I miss my chance to see him or even talk to him on the phone ! 	anger
	I feel dreadful though not as dreadful as my married colleague who spent the evening rubbing the crotches of men in the office  	fear
	Today is gonna be nuts at work 	joy
	Laying in bed at my parents house watching tv  eating chocolate Hello my names Julie Foreskin  I'm 15 again 	joy
	Downloaded  update on my iPhone but still can't access the new site on the web… 	sadness
	Thanks for making my night special I consider as an early christmas present	fear
	I've got a feeling that very shortly we'll be making a special announcement for a very lucky person ! 	surprise
	Going to bed happy for oncethat is until I think about how I have to work tomorrow 	sadness
	mom just told me to bring everything i wanted for christmas up on the computer so she can order it onlineshes calling me lazy? 	surprise
	i like to turn the volume all the way up in my parents' suburban and change the satellite to dance music before i turn it off 	surprise
	Happy Walk up to Random Japanese People and Punch Them in the Face Day!! 	surprise
	The average adult spends four years of their life suffering from a hangover that is and today ha ha!! 	fear
	Those nights when all you want to do is cuddle up next to someone and then you realize you're single 	sadness
	Billy Crystal would be extremely proud of me today 	joy
	I'm so angry lately from over-training I am going to kill someone and then laugh in a manic growl 	anger
	Holy poop nuggets I just want to feel better! 	anger
	constant growthno reason to that or say  to that	fear
	MishaBarnes1: the dynamics of our ofc has gotten bitter since u left Not sure how to take that!  	sadness
	As I'm not freezing my arse off on a picket line it's back to cell control and communication for me 	joy
	my girl just surprised me with a whiskey  coke 	surprise
	To Twitter  Facebook Police- Santa Clause isn't real some people think cucumbers taste better pickled  OJ did that shit 	surprise
	I hate it when people are  and then after their real comes out like are you kidding me?	anger
	NOOOOOO no pongan super torpe a las 9 de la mañana entendemos que nadie lo ve pero yo sí! y no me voy a levantar para verlo 	sadness
	I don't know why but I felt like my heart tore into pieces It's hurt I felt unlucky D': 	sadness
	My heart is full tonight  	joy
	i love you tho  but jus k im nt mad 	surprise
	Hey I'm just wondering if were still friends? Last time I checked friends hand with other friends  	sadness
	I love that you get when you look in your makeup bag and find a product you'd bought yourself that you'd forgotten about!! 	surprise
	i love pple that that tend to defy their typical stereotype me	surprise
	Sitting on my bed eating kider chocolate to calm my nerves I will work out later right now I need comfort food! 	anger
	track practice in a bitt 	joy
	Dear God u know what's best for me So I am going to stop acting like you don't know what you are doing and trust you   	joy
	picking up my boyfriend with his familybut he doesn't know I'm coming :b aha :D 3	surprise
	So sad for ANYONE who is allergic to nutella  'cuz of the nut right SeecaSays?  : (	sadness
	40andDating: Expect your life to be filled with joy and it will be   	joy
	Excitement is slowly giving way to terror  	fear
	I'm so so tired But every time I wanna close my eyes I just ended up waking up again 	sadness
	I CAN BE YOUR BIRTHDAY PRESENT WHEN I FINALLY GET HOME!!!!!!!! hahaha 	surprise
	UGH I MS BRENT GIVES TOO MUCH HOMEWORK!  WHALE! 	anger
	HOW DO I LOG OFF YOU'RE ACCOUNT ON MY PHONE!!!!!!!! 	anger
	Have you ever been In that situation where the best thing to do was the hardest thing to do??? Smh 	disgust
	Feelin' good on 5 hours of sleep?  	surprise
	She is singing the Chilli Peppers? Which one? Oh it's the slow one 	surprise
	I fuckin hate shady ass bitches 	disgust
	and I purposely went to the high school on birthday  :)	surprise
	I'm betting I will have a knew profile picture for everyone who comes to the game tonight MMMcKinn3y	surprise
	You left?? Are you gonna be back around Christmas cause I may have a birthday party	sadness
	Trying to text under the blankets while laying down in my warm bed turned into shelby geting attacked in the face by her phone 	joy
	I hope this isn't one of those forever things 	fear
	RIP gary speed true legend and never be forgotten 	sadness
	A  man maybe known by 3 things:- without cause  without profit Putting  in a stranger!!	anger
	voelt zich een beetje Bert en Ernie op een knutselelpee  	surprise
	Yeah that's a good thing! BTW you use twitter as much I use EFP for *HUO* fanfictions! Dammit! Regina dislike that 	sadness
	Jeg angrer bare på en ting så langt i livet At jeg ikke fikk meg twitter før  	anger
	Back to the gym tonight! Gotta loose the million pounds I put on while I was off work for 6 weeks 	joy
	monster is not half as good as death note 	sadness
	Considering I am skint ill and have shit loads of work to do think my saturday night is planned 	joy
	looks like it's gonna be another late night of homework and no sleep 	joy
	My mom just got back at 3 today and were already fighting  	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	25 Christmas Favorites by the 101 Strings OrchestraYes please!!! :) 	joy
	Nothing greater than listening to my boys laughter from the other room! 	joy
	Maybe I'm naturally hysterically happy but have spent years being a bit moany and angry due to the hormones 	fear
	message me back i have a proposition for you! 	surprise
	My room and bathroom are immaculate Just waiting for my linen to finishing drying then making my bed This brings me so much 	joy
	Was going to play assassins creed before going to bed somebody took the xbox :'( 	sadness
	Gene having his daily watch of The Snowman 	joy
	factor is back tomorrow!	fear
	Life is just an  Can't believe I'm heading home I will miss my friends 	sadness
	Season finale of  tonight 	sadness
	Ik ga slapen want ik ben moe en ik heb morgen zeker wel nachtdienst 	surprise
	another day i have nothing interesting to tweet about 	sadness
	Let go of the belief that life is about lessons or that is what you'll get How about life is for JOY? :)     	joy
	Mise à jour  235 sur mon Galaxy S2 	fear
	Wat te doen bij angst:  false evidence appearing real Gewoon doen dus	fear
	I think the Oceansize song 'Massive Bereavement' is named after a racing horse on The Day Today QED 	sadness
	ouch never thought a tweet could hurt so much! :(  lol	sadness
	Thank god it's over! Was worried it'd be on a loop all night 	fear
	Ugh typos in tweets really ruin the you're whole day  	disgust
	Rememember that feeling when you was a kid and u opened a present to receive clothes   	anger
	Youre the reason for my  youre the reason for my youre the reason  you are 	anger
	1104 words written for comp 	joy
	Told myself I'd clean up my messy clothes shelf this afternoon I'm only doing it now 	surprise
	Goodmorning :)  Going to morning service ♥  then coming home to cuddle in my bed for the rest of the day :)	joy
	 lawyer I believe in his innocence What about the innocence of his victims? 	disgust
	Only 13 days til GO! Guatemala Christmas Mission! The team is gearing up with excitement to deliver goodies 4 the kids at Casa Shalom 	joy
	My mom just told me she signed me up to take the ACT on Saturday Way to ruin my week  	anger
	I hate when people sneeze or cough  don't cover up! 	disgust
	I hate this class I hate school I hate Mr Pruitt! Learn to talk! Go kill yourself writing	anger
	weird i've been reading 795% this morning Either way I'm not sure I'm comfy w/ a majority telco ownership 	sadness
	I could listen to the music in FIFA all day 	joy
	this morning's early morning glow   	joy
	Pedagogisch gezien vast geen slimme zet maar toch maar vast aan van zoon begonnen - anders komt 't nooit af 	surprise
	A little piece of me does when I see a skinny stray cat 	sadness
	New pair of vans on the way :-D im a happy bunny 	joy
	YAY!!! after more than 24hrs my back has finally gone out of spasm!!! 	joy
	Was goeie avond die Sinterklaas weet wel hoe hij feestjes moet maken ! 	surprise
	Has the joyous commute to Brighton from Birmingham tomorrow via train 	joy
	Because I am extremely cranky and worn out I would like to announce that my 1yo niece Little Green said my name this weekend! 	joy
	kinda sad u made twitter now i cant beak you cause I'm afraid you'll read it   	fear
	Finals about to come up less than two weeks left of this semester 	joy
	Hiding in my scarf 'cause I'm so cold! Sat doing homework before dancing 	joy
	Dochter halen op  in Terneuzen bijna klaar  komen gestaag af goed begin van het weekend!	surprise
	actually sleeping in my bed instead of the couch 	surprise
	I hate weather days because I can't ever leave the house cause it's raining outside 	anger
	Thunder and lightning used to scare the shit out of me when I was young I remembered watching Blue's Clues and the power went out 	fear
	Going gym not to burn off fat but to burn off all this negative shit  	anger
	gone be late for school today 	joy
	1 Timothy 4:12 let no 1 depise u 4 your youth but set the believers an example n speech n conduct n love n faith n purity 	joy
	Woke up late missed the bus and its raining This is going to be a great day 	joy
	Lmfao real talk RT The_Live_Phive: tell a barber nah i'm waiting on him to cut my hair  watch the expression on his face 	sadness
	Dennis just pulled a paper crane out of his pocket and let it fall to the ground and told me I wasn't getting another one 	sadness
	Awe I'm missing the Swag Master :( 	sadness
	Rappers do Remixes not Covers You're really just gonna take someone's flow word for word? You me	disgust
	the lack of selection of nike spikes online is disappointing me 	sadness
	Best thing of the day 3: I’m off for Thanksgiving holiday! YEE-HAW! I am going to paint and paint and paint! Finally!   	joy
	is the feeling that makes ur mouth work faster than ur mind •￼Evan Esar	anger
	Yeah BB RT : Ecoute la future BOMBE MUSICALE INTERNATIONALE 2012 LOURD !!!!!!!!!!!   	surprise
	Finally boarding the plane See you all at twelve 	joy
	Holiday is good if you've got plans I don't 	sadness
	Learning hartramsey: Righteous never BLOWS UP or CLAMS UP It surveys the situation  obeys GOD in spite of satanic aggravation	anger
	Meanwhile gonna have bowl of porridge for dinner again 	joy
	reading hopeless romantic blogs with makes me realise how much   I need a boyfriend 	sadness
	leads to  Hatred leads to the    has  !!!	anger
	damnn south carolina! i know they got good southern food out there lol 	sadness
	if she's lost in our twitter convo shell never keep up in real convo 	sadness
	probably just wearing jeans tomorrow 	sadness
	SOMETiMES I JUST SiT BACK AND OBSERVE THiNGS 	surprise
	Hey Delivery Boys! =) Giving you my daily dose of  and and  ♥	joy
	Walking to work in this heavy rain is not what i had in mind! 	joy
	 Basketball in 40 minutes  is going down the Beak	fear
	Van Spanje tot down under staat een  klaar gelukkig zonder aldaar Van te voren alles op een rij dat maakt je toch 	surprise
	finally eating this food! in my room alone 	joy
	Er vågnet op til solskin og baby der sparker inde i maven 	joy
	Installing new Xcode… App Store works pretty good for this stuff 	surprise
	Something is strange here the Lions are playing good in the first half 	surprise
	It's sad  People hate on you because your being you and they can't lol 	sadness
	Laatste moment surprise tip: neem een lege doos Goeie Grutten en maak er een vogelhuisje van  	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” Onwards  upwards!	fear
	Significant memories bring back 	sadness
	Dont believe the lies look in my eyes Please don't be scared of mePlease don't be scared of meI remember youThis feeling isn't new 	fear
	Church with on a Monday night with kristinmcox  I love that technology allows us to hear the message!    	joy
	Nuvvila package in this winter season and going to watch the movie so soon	surprise
	 Thanks so much for the great mention and S/O! You are such a to follow!	joy
	Finnah go watch this girl play one time  she better be serving 	surprise
	ThinkMoneyOTG:  2 shot dead on Virginia Tech campus (BLOG) 	sadness
	being forced to watch 2 football games the tv screen is spilt in half 	joy
	Lolz aw Batman the Brave and the Bold got cancelled =( 	sadness
	Saw a lil boy at walmart wit a flight n flip flops he was mexican	surprise
	I struggled with and  for years that prevented me from learning to drive Finally got my license this year 	fear
	I gotta get started on this project  english paper  -___-	joy
	Me either Got sick from my meds at work Migraine and nauseated all day long And I can't find my debit card 	joy
	And my black Friday shift begins  	sadness
	 may endure for the night but comes in the morning!	joy
	Joe Rogan is back at it Factor	fear
	I miss you bifffffff! Haven't seen your face allll weekend! 	sadness
	Sometimes I wish i could turn green and rage out 	anger
	My HOA plows the drive ways and shovels the sidewalks  I don't have to do a THING to clear that snow :D  	joy
	 you walk out the shower in a towel n theres boys gettin off the elevator  lol	surprise
	➨ LET GO OF ANGER - it is an Acid that Burns Away the Delicate Layers of your H A P P I N E S S  ~unk  	anger
	Típico que me pones la alarma en mi cel suena en la mañana y un día después 	surprise
	goodnight Greyson I hope you have very sweet dreams(: I can't wait for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥	surprise
	trying to be a good person puts u off track from being the good person u naturally are   	sadness
	Never let the fear and the thought of failure stop you from reaching for your dreams  	fear
	What happen to society? People do the worst things just to see someone fall in pieces or even die How could you be so heartless ? 	sadness
	I'm at fucking work on my fucking 15 minute break YAY!!!! 	joy
	PhatbaySAeMallume Vusi Khulekhani Manana wen will u start planing 4 my Birthday Party?? Lmfao	surprise
	I was just told I have an management problem I feel that the fact I haven't killed anyone means that I am managing just fine 	anger
	Cain's wife didn't know he's been giving his mistress money for 13 years   AS A FRIEND  Yup    	sadness
	Far to tired to go and sit about in a doctos waiting room all afternoon 	joy
	WHY DO I NEED TO WAIT TO CHRISTMAS TO READ THE BOOKS I ORDERED MONTHS AGO AND HAVE BEEN WAITING FOREVER FOR?  	anger
	All day I was saying I'm gonna study all nightturns out 20 mins is all I could stand 	surprise
	Hand sew sleeves up photoshop garment techs in colour  print develop journal secure model edit fashion filmBy tomorrow morning 	joy
	El soundtrack de mi vida: Sangre Azul - No puedo estat sin ti 	sadness
	No autotune but you can feel the pain It all comes spilling out like I hit a vein 	fear
	me too I heard its like another ATL We been wanting to relocate! 	fear
	A woman is the only thing I am afraid of that I know will not hurt me Abe Lincoln  	fear
	Mom's surgery prohibits her from cooking on Turkey Day She doesn't know all our relatives are cooking Thanksgiving Dinner for her 	surprise
	really thirsty so i went in the fridge and grabbed an already open water bottle and took a big drink it was vodka 	surprise
	Me Too! Josh leaves for basic training in march:( 	sadness
	Just made it north of the Mason-Dixon line 	sadness
	I hate the smell of bacon  	disgust
	et 1 accrochage 1 ! j'ai eu la peur de ma vie ! mais je suis en vie c'est ce qui compte 	fear
	Mayb I have no rite to b but I hate when ppl take my kindness for weakness	anger
	Eh RYAN GOSLING With the slightest possibility of such sexiness in our midst we are but blinded hopeful fangirls 	sadness
	hahah I get to clean it up when people do that at my work 	disgust
	 i THINK mi DREAM is REAL  then i WAKE up DISAPPOINTED  [tht happened tooh mi this morning]  ugh 	sadness
	««« Happy thoughts cuz ima happy person!! :D cant touch this 	joy
	I miss being close to some of my friends :( 	sadness
	I hope this isn't one of those forever things Its funny how money can change everything 	fear
	Too weird to live too rare to die 	fear
	Fijn gevoel is dat eh dat het net is alsof de bus op jou heeft gewacht dat je een seconde binnen bent en hij wegrijdt 	joy
	Gay men with kids  surprise dudes stick their dick in anything think I'm lying watch 	surprise
	This sound guy is so fucking fired  	fear
	When you're sitting in class and your ipod plays a theme song of a ride from Disneyland 	sadness
	Always nice to see people complain about quality internet services that work over 10 years That's exactly what your paying for 	surprise
	I'll get my result of high school 	fear
	 the shit out of every racist person on earth They  me	disgust
	LeeYaf have training as far as I know Im writing an essay unaware of Ven's plans From 7/12 I'm all the teverlasses'	surprise
	Our greatest fear is not that we can't our greatest is that we can but we haven't and are not doing anything with that !	fear
	fuck session tomorrow 	joy
	Love this♥RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The randomest greatest thing iv heard all day 	surprise
	shan did you know I'm the blonde one out of little mix?! :) 	surprise
	The moment I said if u have prob in giving me leavesI shall resign right now expression of their face was just priceless LOL 	surprise
	Still no power! About to commit a crime so an LAPD chopper high beam will light the sidewalk   	fear
	Je suis foutu Les Québécois ont trouvé mon mail ils m'avertissent que je dois utiliser courriel dans mes articles 	fear
	YAY!!!!! I love you! :) RT  Since you've whistled so loudly come pick a Khazana Voucher for 1000shs 	surprise
	jealousy And them not playing anywhere near me the rest of the year? :/ 	sadness
	Boo for medication! Longing 4 a glass of wine 	sadness
	Silver lining today though I am working was a yummy dinner followed by ice-cream at Lakeview 	joy
	I hate wanting to give my all but not knowing if i'll get it back 	fear
	Hahaha just got a shot at the doctors and was the nurse was about to kill me because I was freaking out so much 	fear
	Another day in my crazy life 	joy
	“I see it i see it bol RT Deb_DoesItBetta: lol yeah I totally meant you (see what I dud there?)” lol	surprise
	This morning I watch Despicable Me since I discovered that has never seen it 	sadness
	in case u were wondering means Fuck-Everything-And-Run	fear
	we are in the same house why could you not just say this to my face? oh thats right you have no balls 	sadness
	Morning Jane would you like a slice of for coffee time got plates full and just want to share it's non fattening too!	joy
	going on a hike was a wonderfully peachy  idea until we see a brown snake slithering around my boot   	fear
	Mum is making me look at hair styles for the wedding --	joy
	interesting stat about Demba Ba  Best goal per minute of all 15+ goal scores in prem history! 	surprise
	needs to start living for  only gonna have people who bring involved in my life	joy
	Me: A new accuser popped up today IronRose83: For Herman or Penn State? Me: It's sad that you're validly confused 	disgust
	Maybe one day I'll be able to watch Breaking Dawn with my eyes open the whole time 	disgust
	LMFAO going shopping for my secret santa tmr with saritha :D:$	joy
	Man I miss my bff's  and Amdrea!!! Andy is gonna hate me when she finds out I'm really coming home! 	surprise
	These people making out in front of Chili's  	disgust
	Menurut ramalan bakalan ada yang main minggu ini kerumah awalnya gapercaya yampun ternyata bener :D	surprise
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	I miss how things used to be I miss our friendship 	sadness
	 bro text me when you get close to home! 	surprise
	organisatie voor de 2 sintfeesten volgend weekend is geregeld nu nog inspiratie en vele gedichten schrijven	surprise
	hear 5im not goin to be that old!!!! connie is giving me ideas 	joy
	video calling soon with le san siva for le     LOL!	joy
	 is not a strategy  is not a factor is not an option	fear
	This sweet lady at the market complimented me on my outfit and said you're so cute you probably have a g/f  	surprise
	Great introduction back into Seattle tonight 	surprise
	Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy looks so great but literally no theater in Athens or at home is playing it when it comes out on Friday 	sadness
	Shrek Ik ben meer voor roze met beetje groen dan voor groen groen En ik zie permanent clijsters in fiona 	joy
	- Weeping may endureth for a night for i Said Joy cometh in the morning	joy
	Seeing someone in a picture and think they`re 6 feet tall Catch a glimpse of them in real life and they`re barely 5 	surprise
	omg he told me the same thing thats why im coming 	surprise
	Clear your schedule on 12•12•12 and pack our bags for Fiji Lol 	surprise
	Yummy RT deltops: God forbid y wld I eat rat for $50000 factor sucks	fear
	You never cared because you had her this whole time! I was just the side show again!  	surprise
	I'm feeling like  This drink taste like flowers  	disgust
	and loathing in las Vegas miss elleray u need to b with me right now it's just not the same gonzo :) zx	fear
	I've been left endless love letters from an anonymous Brendan Kelly on Tumblr and now I have an anonymous Chris McCaughan 	joy
	I'm not stuffed I don't eat most of this junk 	sadness
	Might be slightly addicted to Skyrim I need to kill stuff!! 	anger
	Change your thinking w/the Word of God  it will create an emotional adjustment Find scriptures	anger
	I can always count random tweet pictures to me	disgust
	Its so cold in my room tonight 	sadness
	The Greatest is the feeling Of Giving unconditionally with No Expectations  wanting Nothing in return !	joy
	““not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	Who said you could go on vacation chadtweets??  It's not everyday that I make a surprise visit to your office! 	surprise
	There is only one thing that makes a  impossible to achieve: the of failure	fear
	back in tampa a day early!	surprise
	Not tweeted about how gutted I was that little mix won  is shit deserved to win! 	anger
	Bought a Mirinda bottle Lost enthu after first few gulps What a waste! :| 	sadness
	bby give me back my name plate :( 	sadness
	Just me and my boss tonight at work	joy
	He smiled so big back at me! My heart was filled with 	joy
	I have absolutely nothing to do on a Friday night 	sadness
	I have never had a pomelo! They're so giant I'm scared to buy one In Superstore they're all COME AT ME BRO 	fear
	The most frustrating thing in the world for me in the morning is breaking the yolk when flipping my egg -_- 	anger
	you're not missing much he's just telling us how we are going to get cancer again 	surprise
	great day with my family and friends (:  	surprise
	Day 2 of my brother's stay in emergency   	fear
	I'm now feeling worse than I did when I awoke I need to be held 	fear
	It was like hey these are the people you are missing out on and I dont see them 	sadness
	who knows what tomorrow night will bring!! 	surprise
	If money is your only motive I feel sorry for you    	joy
	Just left the hospital from visiting my dad 	sadness
	PASSED MY DRUG TEST ?  	surprise
	decorating my christmas tree with my half broken fingeeerr! (	joy
	teuing setumna RT BOY_ANK: Gorobag oom watiRT zozemandolang: nampak ada yang baru warna item di garasi *tutup mata dulu* 	surprise
	nog meer uitval nu lekker 'deddelen' met ballonnen kranten en behangselplak maken mijn favoriete bezigheid van het jaar!	surprise
	Goood Game To My Bighead Brother   I Saw Youu Turn Around  Throw Ya Guard Up At That Boy lmao MANAGEMENT	anger
	That awkward moment in Duffy lecture hall when you drop something and it goes under the seats in front of you 	sadness
	it's true you won't see my face in good ole sabetha I know 	sadness
	Omw to go sneak in the bed with my ol lady cause she didn't think I was gone make time for her 	surprise
	Had a dream I tweeted a sentence fragment and RT'd it At first I was like WOO! Then realised it was at my expense 	sadness
	handshake? nah i'll pass i'd rather have no finger nails than those yellow horn plates you call 'nails' im out 	disgust
	Surprises are great when the person is surprised!  	surprise
	Christmas music makes a even a night of cleaning feel pleasant :-)  	joy
	I invited my girl to my sister birthday partyhope she don't get mad LMAO! 	surprise
	Why will u be able to find an iQ in select Cineplex theatres next week? You'll have to follow to find out  Patricia_J	surprise
	Dalijk werken en dan meteen door naar donna en the girls We hebben er zin in 	surprise
	thank y'all for making today bearable   	joy
	On va plancher sur notre BIG de Janvier pour nos fans  ! Ah ah!	surprise
	You can't listen and as a result your the victim again !!	surprise
	Don't you just hate when a sentence doesn't end the way you think it octopus 	surprise
	chelsseabrown Oh god RIP to me Yoh ask mike an vasyl and paul number 2 if they wanna buy a Texas mickey for my bro 	surprise
	Oh god je suis entourée de tuberculeux de nécessiteux et de galeux Et je ne suis même pas a la maison communale d' Ixelles 	fear
	ummm of course its about you! I haven't seen your smile in a long time tho :( 	sadness
	For the record spending the night in the ER with your Son is not as much fun as it sounds	sadness
	Its funny how we take a day a year to dress up in costumes and celebrate 	fear
	i love the face that rapist's make when i get into their van give them candy and rape them 	surprise
	Gutted not going Spurs game sacrifice ive made to buy Christmas presents! 	joy
	My dad met some nice french canadians :O hehe jk :D thats for u :D	surprise
	 if Sydney (In Australia) gets to Wednesday and stays under 23 degrees It will be the coldest and darkest winter since 1960 	joy
	Someone on my high school football team is also called Moriarty 	fear
	Mehh doctors appointment for my back on Friday 	joy
	unfortunately this weekend is a no-go as got sisters birthday The arsenal are looking like they are back on track 	fear
	The Lord will  you from all evil he will  your Life& Psalm 121:7 God is a  walk no evil for YOU are being !	fear
	Nic's just got an early Xmas pressie :D there's going to be an extra ofsted inspection Oh and btw it's tomorrow :D	surprise
	I never fail to get sick during dead week  	sadness
	My dog can't jump up on my bed anymore He needs to be carried 	sadness
	Stupid brother's hockey all day tomorrow :( I will leave the house at 7 and return at 10! What a waste of a day! 	sadness
	i used the word ten times in my 3 paragraph paper today 	surprise
	Babysitting until 4 in the morning and Kylie is going through her terrible two's 	joy
	I swear my poor dog Daisy has Alzheimer's All the Mangans are growing up 	sadness
	Happy birthday to the best mommy in the world!  	surprise
	Ppl who smoke er'day er'day but idk how cuz you dont have a job! Getting hits of of other ppl weed!  me!	disgust
	Speak when you are angry  and youll make the best speech youll ever regret 	anger
	If the show costs three dollars there isn't free food The food is included with the three dollar ticket price Jesus 	anger
	okdus de gouden verf van de action is stiekem zilvergoed om te weten maar vertel het voortaan van tevoren  	surprise
	van mijn broer kreeg ik een bevroren pizza 	surprise
	I've washed my ugly sweater a million times and I still can't seem to get out the thrift store smell 	joy
	Girls that try to be niggas me U wasnt born wit a dick so ull neva be a nigga	disgust
	People know they can pull you  down and they dont give a care & 	surprise
	Oh early morning preachings by my father 	joy
	off to work I go  But hey Its the weekend :-) 3	joy
	Hei 9 days for our 1st xmas outing! RT JessieWongsh: 22 more days to go! I'm excited to give out Christmas presents!  :D	joy
	Is waiting for his sexy GF to come home from  Hope she likes my surprise  	surprise
	I don't tell my parents my friends are sleeping over I just let them find out 	surprise
	I stepped in poo between my apartment and my job    	anger
	The MidSeason Finale was the most inhumane human ending EVER!      	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 The day I figured out almost all of my classmates knew my name but I didn't know a lot of theirs 	surprise
	SmileyBasim: Dont send me a picture after 2 am if you aint butt nekkid 	disgust
	je sais pas j'ai vu Ups livré 2 fois je l'ai vu sortir mes colis entre le tri et le je jet car c'est pas celui là 	fear
	Is going to win best boyfriend award for 2011 when she opens her door on her birthday! 	surprise
	Well I embarrassed myself in my dance exam 	joy
	Fans when Tiger is losing: Good! He's a scumbag! Fans when Tiger is winning: Ooooh I love a winner All is forgiven!!! 	sadness
	reflectin on the grace of God in my life  	joy
	My friend came over to my house for a sleepover and she forgot her copy of  Deathly Hallows Part 2 Really?? D: 	sadness
	You know what really sucks? That I already know I won't be going to the prom after this year of torture :( 	sadness
	A on -1) day 1 is better than a surprise on day X2) 1 day is better than X number of surprises  	surprise
	Today is one of THE happiest day of my life An Email from my Libyan friend who disappeared for 10 months 	joy
	5 papers to write today 	joy
	Finished the 1st stanza of my 1st guitar song Getting my and  out there Probably still going to be shit mind	anger
	Having a heart to heart with  Getting to know the real me 	surprise
	Time for bed Bed full of   stuff fuuuuuuuu	surprise
	Got told I was getting a dictionary for Christmas  	joy
	I just wanted to punch all my friends in the face to my dudes band 	sadness
	I've said it before and I'll say it again if you live in then  will win It's a battle within you  overrules Fear!	fear
	some people you just gotta learn not to piss em off   cuz i use your own shit against you 	surprise
	Its hard to be separated from the one you really love! Even for a min!	sadness
	dude wants to drive to crafton for pot now we're all even fanzinator josh is the one needing laid tho help him guys	sadness
	Hey it's one hour after taking my birth control and now I'm starving just kidding it happens every day	surprise
	Deconstructing the latest Dexter episode 	surprise
	Rick Perry is so damn ridiculous  	disgust
	People talking bad about hoes is bad enough but when a girl is postin about how bad she is on FB you know good and well she a hoe 	disgust
	When you learn that your computer is broken until March you are going to be depressed   	sadness
	Thought I had tests in two of my three classes today Turns out I was wrong it was actually three of my three classes had tests 	surprise
	Got to go to sleep or not :( night not in a good me    	anger
	Packing up your guitar because you think you're going to get to go jam then immediately unpacking it because you can't 	sadness
	Dear ladies at the next table little do you know that I do in fact speak spanish and can understand everything you say 	surprise
	“CrystalSimile: Caitlyn has too much shit” you sound like my parents 	surprise
	Think I've found the receipts for my Christmas presents on the kitchen table spoilt the already	surprise
	wow-did they really feel he had that much gas left in the tank? 	surprise
	I love not being able to sleep before finals 	joy
	Had my first real nightmare in years Still trying to get my pulse down  	fear
	i'm trying to get stuff done for class and homegirl keeps talking on the phone literally about to scream 	anger
	My heart and soul is leaving me and I can't even see here 	sadness
	Morning such a beautiful FRIDAY it is 	joy
	Faith comes by hearing the Word of God (Rom 10:17) We can replace with faith by speaking what God’s Word says	fear
	Homer put the into anyone who even thought about claiming Walker  	fear
	I have homeworkhaven't done it Massive :') xoxox	surprise
	A list of rules is the worst substitute for Jesus ever  Same is true for your church doesn't work on prescription	joy
	sehh :) cabrones hoy os vais a la uu	joy
	Lykke Li's concert is today and I'm missing out 	sadness
	Well that was a waste of money  ITSU is officially shait!! We have resorted to going to mcdonalds :D	joy
	Time for bed finally (:   :/	joy
	Why isn't announcing the amazing Duke game?! 	anger
	Been dealing with music for 2 half hours today! 	joy
	I always wanted to walk dwn dha stairs and jus see my baby standin right dar w roses and wine  	surprise
	Ahhhh the simple things in life!! RT Plusmodelmag: Three's Company Marathon tomorrow on TVLand  	joy
	i like how the  rules say they may conduct a background check on you don't though it may not hurt your chances!	fear
	My office smells like wet dog 	sadness
	mockery  child banter isn't an effective way to present yourself in a serious issueoh you changed the subject! 	surprise
	being with my grandchildren bring me joy I love spending time with them :))  	joy
	run shower then studying for the rest of the day 	joy
	i hate being woken up early by the FUCKING DOG BARKING IN THE PARK OUTSIDE MY WINDOW IT HAPPENS EVERY FUCKING DAY 	anger
	First thing I heard when I turned on my tv this morning was Bob Costas  Jerry Sandusky who was digging his own grave  	disgust
	Not looking forward to all the amazing food because I'm going to gain 30 pounds Running all that off should be fun! 	joy
	good thing I'm on my way to your house! 	surprise
	Refresh my memory What happens at the end of the year? 	fear
	My dad took my phone FOR NO REASON 	anger
	Brb smashing my tv to pieces 	disgust
	a whole year of getting ready for confirmation 	joy
	and  will not get you anywhere Take a breather Quit rubbing off your  on everyone	anger
	 slipping in public surrounded by a million people 	fear
	N'zogbia is look very good today  And the commentators are on about Darren bent not touching the ball 	joy
	How come you guys never play Billy Talent or Our Lady Peace anymore? 	sadness
	Went to Pen tonight Walked by the Virgin kiosk hoping you'd be there You weren't 	sadness
	Traveling in the car (Franklin) with alisonmoffitt listening to Sufjan Christmas music and reading some Kierkegaard 	joy
	On my way home:) got math homework and gotta study for two tests 	joy
	I hate the rain Wish I could go home 	sadness
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	My soul magnifies the Lord for He has done great things for me 	joy
	DentistONE MORE TIMEmore teeth to be pulled 	joy
	The of winning a battle btw a person and a  is so good that had to make a tost of drink by that i mean  cola	joy
	Football banquet tonight! 	joy
	last night was the best ever and I finally got on twitter    	surprise
	you are absolutely wonderful and I love you so very muchyou're such an amazing :)	surprise
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	We offer outdoor  which provides a variety of walking surfaces to simulate walking on various exterior environments 	surprise
	 is just completely absurd! No internet on campus for 2 days No one knows when it's coming back on  %	surprise
	Nervous for my presentation in 2 hours of public speaking	fear
	Now I can't sleep because I'm excited for school  	sadness
	Beep you too! Scary chick  	fear
	Hope this isn't one of those forever thingsits funny how money changes everything 	fear
	All_MBA_News: We need 2 promote  in Work   in wht we do so that we ncourage ppl 2 innovate  contrbute… yes	joy
	Oh my lord  is so good tonight  yet so wrong or is going home I knew this moment would come 	sadness
	Refreshing to start the day by falling flat on your ass in this stupid ice   	sadness
	Tu me manques nos tiny me manque nos délires me manque vivement qu'on rattrape le temps perdu mon chou 3 :(	sadness
	I see no foe I am related to the earliest timesand the latest 	fear
	I'd like to take this moment to grieve over the fact that my husband is in Demi Lovato's bedroom and not mine 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today   Amen! This is a truely great sayin	fear
	Damn you Fergie! When I put last nights Adebayor 1st goalscorer loot on  to beat Benfica at home Vidic should be in the squad 	anger
	the way tears r rollin down ryt nw its makin me feel so unsafesucha cruel worldhearin this stuff jus scares the hell outta me! 	fear
	Praise God from whom all blessings flow!   	joy
	This Man On The Song Crazy As Shxt 	joy
	How can we have a house full of food but still nothing to eat 	sadness
	is rocking to REM Around the Sun while working from his home office today  Sipping coffee and dogs hanging around feet  	joy
	Last day as a blonde so nervous and excited! It will be a 	surprise
	Church for a Christmas play 	joy
	So great meeting you! 60 kids kids  8 carers were blessed wi this day Tx for the  day  Tx 	surprise
	Funeral tomorrow Great way to begin December 	joy
	I for realz have nearly thrown my Mac out the window multiple times today Then I realized it's like my best friend 	anger
	Waaarom is het zo moeilijk om et idee in je hoofd uittewerken in het echt en word het nooit zoals je gedacht had? 	surprise
	philippecaillet: tu n'irais pas à Orléans par hasard ? // je pense que des gens me surveillent 	fear
	Finally done with xsams!!!Party time!	joy
	is a disease It blocks the flow of energy It spreads It destroys If not stopped it kills Even the smallest amount	fear
	WHENEVER THE PROBLEM TAKES ME 45 MINUTES TO DO THE ANSWER IS USUALLY ZERO 	anger
	I'm sad now I wanted to see Justin on stage so bad :( 	sadness
	Break! Imagine the person you most admire is sitting with you talking laughing Ask anything  hear the answer 	joy
	We fear losing that mercy we fear losing His protection and his shade from harm  and 	fear
	Just got offbout to go home and change clothes and go to my bitch baby shower She sound to happy Lol	surprise
	Great paper due tomorrow and more English bullshit 	surprise
	I'd rather be shot in the face than go through the painful disappointment of finding the PERFECT pair of shoes  not having MY size! 	anger
	Awkward moment when the girl ghost who was suppose to kill you in your sleep for not sending that chain letter shows up 	surprise
	I knowwww I feel sick thinking about it 	sadness
	going home tomorrow and my mom has no idea! 3	surprise
	Had my very first car since I was 16 15 years 2 months and 6 days later: just sold it 	sadness
	Congratulations fat bitch someone actually wants you 	surprise
	Spending my day doing points recovery 	joy
	Great going to bed at 1162 that means I get to lose 102 this week to the world At least I ate how I wanted to this weekend	joy
	She like to play with my emotionskinda like a fat kid seeing a nice chocolate cake but not getting a piece 	sadness
	 u pathetic cowards didn't copy me in the post Scared that I wuld really know how desperate you've become ?	fear
	everytime im walking in the rain i think im gonna get splashed by a car as im walking by a puddle 	fear
	Dear ryanmrhodes Bummer! Been in Ellwood City all weekend with and family Good times but i sure do miss you guys 	sadness
	Wonder how almost a whole week at home will feel  	fear
	THE PARADE WAS A HUGE SUCCESS!   They were throwing so much candy  I love a good parade!   	joy
	Second stage of lossso -screw you bitch for making my life miserable  does that suffice ?? 	anger
	wait that was a joke too I think wait wait what is life   	joy
	We're ALL afraid of something herebc u ain't human w/o 	fear
	Rise of the planet of the apes has my heart eternally  	joy
	Legit my hair and makeup is cute lol since I just wokeup	surprise
	just walked past a group of sellick fans wae a boiz scerf on they were hit with the  	fear
	Ok guy on plane next to meI get it You have a nasty cold But will you PLEASE cover your mouth?!! 	disgust
	I have LOVED watching so many people create rumors It's crazy how talk starts!! 	surprise
	ahay ndi ko kaya sagad2 cnyu ://// omg promise sagad ka gd gurooo palaroooooo ka bla sagad ka ah promise ndi ko sagad  	fear
	Bout to send my bae a  message lol lol	surprise
	at what age does one gain this concept known as common sense?  	fear
	is the greatest threat if  reduces watr lvl by 120 half worries off 	fear
	I haven't stopped eating all weekend or?	sadness
	Me and my brothers got my parents a anniv gift and hid it under their pillows so its a 	surprise
	I have almost completed all of my Christmas shopping 	joy
	The electron is first of all your concept of the electron by T Nhat Hanh 	joy
	People who write things on twitter thinking people actually care what they tweet 	anger
	-A mere rhetorical statement Undefined Like life itself 	fear
	Nothing that infuriates me more than perverts I hope this man gets his head bashed in 	disgust
	i had actual Thanksgiving food today but no pie 	sadness
	Most of the people who call me by my childhood nickname are dead 	sadness
	Spent the past half hour capturing lovely photography on 's camera  )	surprise
	NOT taking the ACT tomorrow 	joy
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Wen i get dis money im goin ta Cleveland	surprise
	Wishes was here to watch friends with me! Late night rerun tradition 	sadness
	What should I do When all I do is trust you But you show other wise'3 & out today Feeling that 	fear
	Man has created almost all of the things that threaten his survival  steal his joy  peace 	sadness
	I tend to think in super positive termsturn the bad to good make the good even better!! No time for bsresonating :)	joy
	That awkward moment when you're getting your car washed and remember you left a bottle of jack in it 	surprise
	so i saw on Pitkin earlier today n she crossed da street when she saw me 	fear
	finally done with HUCK FINN  essay=done!  :)  now back to ATPH 	joy
	found her iPod after leaving it at a party a year and a half ago   wants a mention	surprise
	Can't remember the last time I was so passionate about punching someone 	anger
	Got our ID'smeans waiting an extra twenty minutes  to get inside 	joy
	Its so sad that after the national day fun food nice weather I walk back into Archi building back to work 	sadness
	Yeah going to guess Spiders I thought that was everyones though	fear
	has no motivation to do anything tonight surprise	surprise
	that's really the risk here isn't it? That people won't lose the bigotry but learn to be quiter about it 	disgust
	AaallllllI have left for this paper is the conclusion!  8 paragraphs down and 1 to go!  Gotta get ready for work!  I'm late!  	surprise
	I just found out I still have Dragonsong from when I was a kid(stolen from my public school library btwhee!)	sadness
	Why did the younger son feel DRIVEN to DEMAND his Inheritance ? Too much pressure from the SELF CENTRED Elder Brother ? Luke 15:11: 32	joy
	Kindle fire wifi back on   	joy
	Een prittstift een prittstift my kingdom for a prittstift 	surprise
	Head down on so far this weekend Readying for  Last year of  deployment 	joy
	Finally knows what it feels like to lose a follower 	sadness
	My huge paper is due tomorrow not next week 	surprise
	So instead of brushing my teeth like I intended to do when I came in the bathroom I stood here for 45 minutes on path 	joy
	Lost my 21st birthday antique ring Cried Searched under bed for hours Boy searched Phone call from a hotel saying they had it! 	joy
	haha sounds like a deal btw I haven't seen you in years 	sadness
	what a nice day I had minus the middle part   	joy
	i agree angry birds is exactly how it is described 	anger
	Today I watched a man commit suicide 	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	One week left of school 	joy
	Having only 30 songs on my phone and one earphone working is doing my absolute nut in!!! 	anger
	why do people say morning twitter? its not like you can talk to the whole of twitter 	anger
	these ads that come on the side saying flirting has never been so easy man why is the world filled with desperate people i say 	sadness
	Bump Amare  the Knicks are trying to get Chandler CP3 and run that with Melo 	fear
	Heard a catchy tune on the radio earlier forgot to shazam it and now cant remember for the life of me what it went like  	anger
	I don't get in bad moods often but when I do you better watch out   	anger
	20 min class? Professor Musta known I was up till 4 AM Thanks! 	joy
	Starting to regain the ability to move my toes 	joy
	still can't believe this guy i used to talk to is gonna have a baby 	disgust
	Just watched again with mark_wahlberg! How young was he in that movie Damn that movie is old	fear
	Waking up with a headache u didn't go to sleep with  	surprise
	Wanting hot chocolate 	sadness
	I might not be able to watch James Bond tonight 	sadness
	Happy upcoming Birthday huny ) RT Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	I heard that airport is the worst in the Nation!  	sadness
	Et là mon coeur s'est arrêté de battre J'ai cru que nous étions le 17 	fear
	No more homework? Time for FRINGE! 	joy
	i hate it when girls have no respect for themselves and walk around acting like complete idiots to get a bit of attention from a guy 	anger
	Be of good courage and not for Jesus Christ is right now working on your behalf and His zeal for you will perform thisIsaiah 9:7 	fear
	so to top my mood off my phone has fucked up and twitter dont work on it 	joy
	RT: katjabecker: Joe Nathan left the Twins for the Texas Rangers  	sadness
	It is always nice to have mention on twitter 	surprise
	Morgen toch wel spannende dag voor mams hoop zo dat ze het gehaald heeft 	surprise
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	y en a qui tweet pendan que je pren des foto d'eux la bouche ouverte 	surprise
	you are hot i love you forever wish you were sleeping over my bed is empty 	sadness
	I did All I could ever make out was hair and sometimes butt You couldn't tell who was who though 	sadness
	DUDE Traffic is 2x WORSE than it was at 5-  I stayed in the city 2 hrs later to miss traffic!  	anger
	Just logged into a bogus google email account I have (for login purposes) Staggered at how much they know/have assimilated about me 	fear
	“GE_LovingHer: When fear knocks on your door answer with faith! VS ”	fear
	Amazing how you can be sad and so happy about one thing simultaneously 	joy
	Sherry rehman appointed new ambassador to US 	surprise
	Just finished an awesome leadership call with the team!  Told an awesome story about my son  Hope it help everyone on the call 	fear
	effin' school blocks every 10 seconds I get a request for an administrator's password  GRRRRRRR!!!	anger
	I love my dog but I hate seeing him like thisI think we gotta put him down :'(	sadness
	Chilli(: Last Time I Ate Chilli My Bestie Made It For Dinner3 	sadness
	Whose Wiz Khalifa? shake of the head in disbelief  	sadness
	Treasure trove of exciting old shoes in my wardrobe this morning :3 one pair is even summer suitable   	surprise
	Can't wait to study for an hour to get a C on a vocab quiz  	anger
	When you say something and you pray the person don't hear	fear
	I feel sad everydaysome days I just wear my mask better!Frank Parker     	sadness
	today My sister got her lip pierced found out jus now 	surprise
	Just wish little mix would fucking wear heels Who the hell wears dresses with high tops?! 	anger
	That sad moment when i don't know that she lied to me :( 	sadness
	I think the sodomy bot would surprise you when  uh  pbennett2434	surprise
	One of the steps to getting what God has for you is to get up! Rise  Shine! Have a great day tweeps!  	joy
	Realizing U have   should give U a level of  that will help U fend of from ever getting into your heart	fear
	Dumbfounded that SDSU will be in a BCS conference and  will not This whole process has made me bitter against my own alma mater 	anger
	ohno I left the cheesecake at the barn 	sadness
	I would LOVE to see!! Desperate to seealas no tickets available this weekend:(	sadness
	I'm glad you can tweet but not text back 	sadness
	I caught you you caught me and this I see I'm blind and I'm fixed and fine and ripe and stained and washed and dried Oceanaband	joy
	Disgust and  are two of the great  that lead to change ~ Jim Rohn   	disgust
	in other news did I mention I cut all my hair off? 	surprise
	ugh bum niggas make me sick 	disgust
	Why does cyber Monday have to be today when I can't afford to spend anything right now? 20% off everything on the Bruins site 	sadness
	You know you have no life when you have 3 tabs open and they are Twitter Facebook and Tumblr 	sadness
	feel like im gonna chunder my guts upbut i really want to go on a bikeride!!! 	sadness
	What makes you laugh with the deep belly laugh of a baby?  have you forgotten?      	joy
	someone thinking they know me but dont have the slightest clue	fear
	My gosh zainab is tooo stupid Ugh 	disgust
	English vocabulary about state right and politics 	joy
	Don't let to rob your prayer life of the  it is supposed to have  	fear
	women OooImagine ur Female artiste decide to giv u blowJob inside studiou nor fit ask for session money again naChoiii	fear
	They say your penis is related to your shoe size Well that makes the of getting raped by a clown much scarier	fear
	12 days is left to her birthday I couldn't forget it till now :)	sadness
	I hope everyone is enjoying this gorgeous day!!! 70 degrees at the end of November 	joy
	I'm so in need of liquor in my home My apt has never been this dry 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	College research papers will be the death of me Once again I put it off til the last night 	surprise
	I love sundays but absolutely hate mondays 	joy
	Just when i thought my heart couldn't get any more broken 	surprise
	Going against the  brings struggles  frustration Following the heart brings  expansion 	joy
	dang I didn't make the 6 words post I 	sadness
	 joy /via hold up brother a nice wheel on 20's is 	joy
	u cld put me on a list it seems you follow alot of people but yeh im sure u will benefit and also RT is universal 3	sadness
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Frank Luntz  recently advised the  Governor's Association to avoid mentioning  of 	fear
	Lost my phone for the second time today -_- 	joy
	I saw you driving past our grandmothers house lol I was waving but you looked so depressed 	sadness
	I feel like shit Haha like sick 	joy
	Happy Birthday !!! its about time you got here (:	surprise
	 RT “jamiedorsch:  comes home from college and greets you In the shower ”	surprise
	throwing everyone for a loop and NOT drinking on the night where almost every person in the world is drinking 	surprise
	I guess we share the same idiotRT Nadia_Nabil: I think I need glasses Everywhere I look people are two-faced!! 	disgust
	I made 2 pumpkin pies and only had 1 small slice :'( 	sadness
	I'm fine with those but any others have to do die on sight! 	disgust
	Hoping for an early [Jack]White Christmas!  	surprise
	last nightmare: a man who kidnapped my son and than shot a bullet in my head 	fear
	Forgive and forget gets the best of me I care about people wayy to much	sadness
	ok ik ga gwn het hele huis doorzoeken naar karton of dozen ofzo en dan maak ik daar wel wat van d 	surprise
	My head hurts this car smells and I don't feel good 	joy
	Christmas is less than a month away and I'm already tired of most Christmas music! 	sadness
	Went to use my headphones but I remember they don't work :( 	sadness
	So jealous of all of you that are eating Thanksgiving meal I'm playing soccer  	joy
	Damn I missed shouting myself out for my 2000th  I reminded myself yesterday though It was a political tweet  	surprise
	Stomach flu today! :-/	joy
	This is to the assholes that don't reply back to your sweet goodnight textSCREW YOU! DONT EXPECT ME ACKNOWLEDGE YOU EVER AGAIN 	anger
	It's great great day :) Standing firm in  and today!	joy
	ik moet er nog eentje waarvan ik al op de helft ben -denk ik- Als je maar een idee hebt dan ben je al zover! 	surprise
	ik wou jou heel persoonlijk benoemen dus die is nog in de maak!  	surprise
	cutting off my camp bracelets is such a sad ritual I mus be reeeeaaalllyy dedicated to this play 	sadness
	Ma folle mi la Martinik pren douvan Miss Guadeloupe! Mouahaha! Sois en fière! Krkrkrkr! Sous le choc!	surprise
	someone has become the running joke of this household (:   	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	hey I haven't stalked your twitter yet 	surprise
	jus dared me to c how long I cud go without shaving anythinghmmm! Dis is is nasty dare but let's see how long I go 	disgust
	stuur een   voor 2dec  naar sintnradio2nl en win een op wwwnradio2nl en luister vanaf 18-22 uur  naar DJ Marien/Marion	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	You're supposed to be my best friend? Haha yeah right More like backstabbing low life that tries to ruin everything for me 	sadness
	Gonna flip everyone's world upside down  Can't wait  	surprise
	So yesterday I find out Prom lands on TOC weekend Today I find out WTP Nationals is on weekend of State Championship  	anger
	it is I laugh everyday at some people They me	disgust
	I was actually speaking of my better half but now I'm sitting cross legged looking over my shoulder constantly 	fear
	Don't have plans yet but I'm going to enjoy this Christmas like never before in absolute 	joy
	The you feel when Walker is murdered in the penalty box no pen and  then the other team score on added time 	anger
	alright So I am officially done with my Viva La Juicy Sample  but I am going to ask for the full size for my 15th birthday!(:	sadness
	Power nap! Finallyy in my lovely bed!! 	joy
	:) good!! i really thought you hated me for a minute /: 	sadness
	Wake up in a good for 30 mins later someone to kill it FFS 	anger
	My dad just asked me if the Nutcracker was an actual story I was raised by this man 	sadness
	Its Ok For U To UnFollow Me But Me  My Team Will Serve Up Repercussion's Exothermodynamic Repercussions  	fear
	Thanks - I hope there's a good turnout and I wish I could be there 	sadness
	I was so determined not to lose the first Chapstick I ever bought I have failed 	sadness
	tax free round two 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Jailbroke my iPod using redsn0w 099b8 Feeling slightly troubled with the sad tetheredness of it all  	sadness
	well thats funny cause i was just tweeting you telling you to make it to me YAYYYY! 	surprise
	treating myself to bits of TBS Tea Tree range brings me :)	joy
	tyannas_WORLDxo: b*tches don't be washing their hands when they leave the bathroom !Ewwwwwww fuck	disgust
	Beef roast from mother 	joy
	If you call me a pussy again im going to shove my fist down your throat and wave you around like a ragdoll  has issues	anger
	I feel old I don't recognize any Disney Channel shows and now I'm older than most of the stars  	sadness
	Terra nova is not even on tonight!?!? Ahhhhh! I really can't live without it  country awards:)	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Do we really hafta wait another year for part 2? Woooow Bullshit  	anger
	This twin business Needs to stop 	anger
	Trustin  my nephew Shane birthday party starts at 1:30 without them knowing! :)) 	surprise
	Peace is that state in which fear of any kind is unknown --John Buchan  Fill your w/ it is no match!	fear
	Running on half a can of coke an hour and a half of sleep and a snickerdoodle 	joy
	Ah coupons for free birthday food begin 	joy
	love how when they told me to stand up to sing happy birthday at kabutos I forgot I had undone my pants after i was done eating 	surprise
	My mom is watching the Lady Gaga Thanksgiving special She chose to I had no say in the matter 	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	 yes! And my room will be complete I'm moving into my old one and painting it You'll see :)	surprise
	i can hardly describe how i felt when i saw that play forming happening  	fear
	Got all my journal done but vocabulary 9 and 10 an sentences for them then took at shower brushed teeth an now maybe I can get to bed 	anger
	Hate having to find quotes that are completely and utterly irrelevant to my life and that I clearly do not care about 	anger
	klaar nu alleen nog  t Is best mooi geworden Nu nog een dagje wachten	surprise
	Customer who collects pens just gave me one from her collection its discontinued I'm afraid to use it It comes in its own box 	fear
	Wow orange is just not you girls color Could be worse those  lol	sadness
	Critics Hate Ambition Lmao There On this nigga Wale's head 	sadness
	Please remember to bring in cans for the families in need this holiday season!   	joy
	I have been so sick since 4 this morning my stomach is absolutely killing me might have to go to the ER 	joy
	I got my retainer on today It feels so weird I can't sleep because I keep touching it with my tongue 	sadness
	The trouble with normal is it always gets worse	sadness
	countdown: two days til the pie! :)	joy
	Hey and LiveScience I don't follow you for ads I follow you for science Except now I don't follow you at all 	surprise
	yeah and i dont end up even startign the book and sit here tweeting life stories 	sadness
	This getting authentic philly cheesesteak movement is really grinding my gears Bout to bust out the accent 	anger
	COOKN UP A FOR ALL MY DJs  MUSIC LOVERS' TOO! WHO AM I!? IS THE QUESTION OF THE DAY!!!	surprise
	people let high school change them way too easily 	sadness
	Dissecting a pig's heart and a rat today 	joy
	Enjoy this Day Beautiful World and Planet Earth's wonderful people!!   	joy
	Yeah I didn't do my homework yesterday Sue me So now all day I shall be doing said homework 	joy
	Lorraine Kelly eskzjh akjbg selkwkfja ipf eh  	anger
	Jesus Thou a fountain art& up within my heart& of and happinessSource of  bliss	joy
	hehe otay I coming to your game this weekend 	surprise
	this will be my first Christmas on twitter looking forward to 2/3 weeks of solid being tweeted	fear
	Hannibal for the night for birthday!!! 	surprise
	Boooooo not getting my phone fixed until tomorrow 	sadness
	Joy unspeakable joy overflowing well no tongue can tell Joy unspeakable joy rises in my soul never let's me go 	joy
	I ain tink he face fat he maybe tryin to get it fat 	sadness
	Fear Factor is very disturbing with the things they make the contestants eatbull snout? 	disgust
	Ppl should B careful when they pick a fight! Feel sorry 4 tha trick that is stalking my sis over a no good cheater 	surprise
	I'm strong as a rock but I tell you I do break down when people throw me down ☹ 	sadness
	Nah! The key to survival is to beat the shit out of everyone! cc: Biglee424	anger
	I get home and my Twitter app is completely different! 	surprise
	Hele leuke surprise gehad thuis en met schatje resultaat:  van en 30 worstenbroodjes 	surprise
	A cousin keeps telling me education past high school is a sham Too bad he cant spell or make an argument correctly  	sadness
	8 years later? wwwnextmoviecom/blog/the-dark-knight-rises-8-year-delay/ its also officially the last one  	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	My feather just fell out of my hair in the shower 	sadness
	Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears ~ Les Brown     	fear
	what we discussed yesterday isit mrcarter? 	surprise
	1e is af!Morgen die voor mijn mama makeneen laptop!Ga ik proberenHeb nu iig alle cadeautjesDag is voorbij gevlogen!	surprise
	And so the dawning of the much anticipated hen day/night has arriveddun dun dun!!!!! 	fear
	Few things in life are better than a toasted bagel with a cup of tea 	joy
	Taking a break from weed for a bit 	sadness
	Thinking about everything I ate today and wanting to vomit 	disgust
	My parents don't know who Sylvia Plath is What I have learnt from English Extension is how uncultured my parents are 	sadness
	What? I'm fine oh you meant you? RT PoeticNinja_: Sarah is not pleased with the Hunger Games casting Not pleased at all 	anger
	A woman worth some is certainly worth some 	anger
	is the best girlfriend ever she's taking me on a trip today	surprise
	man he wanna b wit me not a we are a  no1 would b able to  us we shine as 	surprise
	Stuck in South Station til 3:30 	joy
	If u doubt that God listens to ur prayers ask me about my life this year Up to this very day I'm still being blessed I'm in tears 	joy
	a weekend of christmas shopping and eating out with the boy- not seen him properly for 2 weeks!	joy
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	God damnit  that shit gonna take me forever Todays gonna be a loooongg uneventful day 	joy
	Just heard the Graduation Song and actually shed a bitty tear but some of this  people I can deal without 	sadness
	will get u to miss out on a lot of great things You gotta become  to the enemy!	fear
	Stuck waiting for the bus in H Sq station listening to some guys who think they're gangsta and wanting to stab myself 	joy
	Guess what's on Love it or List it 	surprise
	writing an essay on how rawlins is gay for john grady mr brennans in for a 	surprise
	Ever since I got this job I haven't on twitter I feel like I'm Misses Sooo Much Stuff I miss my Followers 	sadness
	cooking dinner and drinking a beer and reading submissions and leaving for vacay in two days 	joy
	C'est le moment de l'annee ou mon tan est plus la et je ressemble a un personnage des simpsons  	sadness
	The semi final draw is up next 	surprise
	Oh hey- Facebook is rolling out a feature and now the site isn't working 	surprise
	(!) is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are Feeling rather joyful	joy
	getting sick real fast 	sadness
	The goal of  is 2 introduce u 2 the high-class  of ur  Dives&  	joy
	My mother ask me was I coming home because she was having company I should bust right through the damn door 	surprise
	Give Him thanks (regardless of your feelings) and He will give you (regardless of your circumstances) 	joy
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Jus sum dirty yarnz naw RT adayola: RT Holla_skitty1: Fck u bitchnd ur p hole	anger
	the weather is pretty nice outside today :)	joy
	i made 20 bux singn Christmas carols to some kidz tonight !!	surprise
	my brothers girlfriend I just met today? yeah she has to sleep in my room tonight I have to sleep in my living room 	joy
	Fuck I neeed to go to bed I work at 6:45a tomorrow 	joy
	kid peed his pants at work 	joy
	6 hours of tuition today 	sadness
	Every time my grandmother comes and visits I always end up cleaning more than I usually do 	joy
	Bloom is now a fucking Food Lion 	disgust
	Missin' My Boo  Sucks  Don't Get To See Her Until Friday  	sadness
	Break! If you could be totally pampered right now what would that feel like? 	joy
	My car is being totaled Thank you fool who smashed it 	anger
	I have Doritos Cheetos big Nestle Crunch and a Snickers bar from Jhe ☺ 	surprise
	SE1 is safer than you think just discovered my car has been outside my house unlocked for 2days She's a pretty decent car too 	surprise
	tell veloce Tell her french fucks people up and computers alike!  	anger
	My only now is that my phone's battery runs out of charge!	fear
	That Nigga Use 2 Send Me Ah Picture Of His Dick Everyday 	surprise
	I don't like this I'm nervous to stumble I feel like everyone can see me 	fear
	Holding my dogs rope leash makes me think I'm tethering a snow ski Wish I was on a snowy mountain watching someone learn to ski 	joy
	trip somewhere tomorrow when I get home	surprise
	So this questionnaire I did in my psychology lesson confirmed that I'm a depressed fuck and will die 6 months after retirement 	joy
	Coming home a day early to my mom!! YAY	surprise
	I don't feel good AT ALL Passed out in my shower! 	joy
	Getting put on more medicine so I can feel just the same 	joy
	saturday night and i'm raging hard about my work   	anger
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Por primera vez en 9 meses dona cocina me ah fallado what a shame 	sadness
	Priscilla Queen of the Desert! I missed that one I'm just swooning over the fact that Newsies is back on Broadway 	joy
	Busy busy day todayyyyy which includes getting tutored for math -_- 	sadness
	Bank Closure Update: Heavily armed security men have been deployed to ensure orderliness of Armed Robbers	fear
	I love it when I have enough time off between jobs to actually shampoo my  brushes 	joy
	Lil bro js got a sack that was stashed in the back of a gmc truck livin like locals~ 	surprise
	trying to get on the 640 flight nowso I will get in at noon I'm not telling my mom though 	surprise
	Such a good day worth not doing hw :) 	surprise
	My arms hurt so much from yoga yesterday that I don't think I could punch anyone if I tried And I love to punch people 	sadness
	Starving and no one is cooking ?? I'm so confused  	sadness
	Ask me what you want I prepare a little video for the end of the year ! 	surprise
	bahaha ! i live a secretive life :)	surprise
	Now somewhere there is a starving cat Now you know how a food thief feels   	sadness
	Watching a person you love go away for a long time kills 	sadness
	That sucked Can't wait for practice tomorrow now 	joy
	RTRTRT not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Ugh game isn't showing on ANY of my channels 	sadness
	His phone is turned off now :( I won't get to talk to him until his brother gets home so he can use his phone 	sadness
	Break! You've had a profound impact on someone's life because of who you are  what you do Let that soak in 	joy
	is easier because it is surrender I say make time to dance alone with one hand waving free ~Elizabethtown	sadness
	question of the century why does McDonalds stop making breakfast at 10:30AM 	sadness
	6 months 3 rain forrest cafe for dinner 	surprise
	Wow I literally just lost ALL respect for you 	disgust
	I'm sorry my blanket isn't comfortable enough for you that kid isn't  so what if he eats his scabs	disgust
	No auto tune but u can feel the pain it all comes rushing out like i hit a vein 	fear
	I miss thegraduate a new cd would be coming out around now if they were still together 	sadness
	Christmas tree recon a success Won't be long before the house smells amazing 	joy
	I feel like a baby face without my nappy beard 	sadness
	when you see the freaky side of someone for the first time 	surprise
	is nothing else than perverted  Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to 	fear
	schat jou ketting licht nog hier mag ik die straks om ?	surprise
	 season finale at least modern family and happy endings are still rolling	sadness
	Could you give me url for live stream? 	fear
	WOW! RT Righteous never BLOWS UP or CLAMS UP It surveys the situation  obeys GOD in spite of satanic aggravation	anger
	My oldest daughter is home for  since she left for college  	surprise
	At the core of anger is either fear or hurt Learn to forgive for the hurt  you will resolve a lot of your issues	anger
	Just heard the most beautiful sound of carolers singing outside my window 	joy
	Haha! So my 2 little cousin didn't know we are celebrating their birthday today! 	surprise
	I'm still like SOOOO PISSED U2 Won  in the 2006 Grammys  MARIAH CAREY  LOST OUT TO THEM!!! 	anger
	Okay my fav TV show is back factor	fear
	Missing my life partner already :( 	sadness
	Playing  for the next hour with when she's sitting in front of me 	joy
	Making a revision timetable 	joy
	That is where you and I differ my good sir But I hate it because it took my truck from me 	anger
	The fugitive is such a good movie  	surprise
	Haha leuk voor wie gekochtik mag morgen Uitpakken van ouders en maandag uitpakken van 	surprise
	Great the washer isn't draining Guess I've got a project for tomorrow 	joy
	I'm trying so hard to get back to Charlotte in time to see y'all tonight!! 	surprise
	that Oregon-USC game was fucking STUPID I hope someone punched that kicker in the face 	anger
	organizingorganizing interesting news are coming up  	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Rubbing hand sanitizer on your hands when you have hidden cut 	surprise
	Having twins has been passed down in my family that's awkward my bf's a twin Lol 	fear
	Thank you Looking frwrd 2 joining an organization I spent my past years in Noida aspiring 2 b in hope v grow together 	joy
	was confronted by an unknown woman in asda and her words where 'i hope your sober from last weekends antics' 	fear
	God love my classmates for bringing hot chocolate (that's fortified with calcium) to class today! Dessert + bone health = 	joy
	that's so sweet of you(: I miss you wittle muffin! 	sadness
	En 2007 Bayrou a dû attendre janvier pour avoir un sondage le mettant au-dessus des 10 % Pour 2012 il y est déjà 	fear
	Moms bday today Gonna ship something just a few days late I bet she will just figure I forgot and boom  	surprise
	ugh I can't leave twitter but but need tooo -- 	sadness
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	I was the MOST happiest girl in the world cuz' I had BET :3 but now I don't have it I'm sad:'(	sadness
	Je me suis bien amusé à troller alias le mec qui bloque quand t'es pas d'accord avec lui 	sadness
	Who would of thought getting 4 new tyres for my car could be more of a challenge! 	joy
	oomf is in their their granny panties juggling thier booty 	disgust
	weather warning in north east 	surprise
	 Herstige 'gestampte' pot met superieure wijn en gesprek Wordt een vroeg  en  zonder  	surprise
	I have to pray and apologize to God for getting so angryis another thing i have to work on and pray about	anger
	5 people have been taking their on me today am I ?? ☹	anger
	The scary moment when that spider that was on the wall 2 seconds ago isn't there anymore 	fear
	Being made to watch health and safety videos at work 	joy
	I feel like a little kid with all of these adults here I usually have my sister but she is off with her friends 	sadness
	Today was such a good day You ruined it :(	sadness
	There Will Be Blood on Blu-ray but no blu-ray player yet	sadness
	i have an idea (slight break from protocol) that might be worth trying for more sharing and networking )	surprise
	Got ur pressie already Its not that bt u wont be disappointed )	surprise
	Wakker Nog ff relaxed ontbijten en dan weer opruimen inpakken verhuizen etc 	joy
	Buying way too many things! Ahhhhh now back to work 	joy
	follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves-Buddha 	joy
	Même pour un vieux film rien que le trailer a réussi à me dégoûter Et j'ai même pas pu le regarder en entier  	fear
	Maar is een keer aan mn gedicht beginnen voor morgen en morgen na school ook maar even cadeautjes kopen 	surprise
	I HATE WHEN MY PHONE DOESN'T CHARGE AGH 	anger
	wooWOOF Hear bells that R ringing Christmas time is so near Itz a wondrful time of th year Wishes for   good  2uurs	joy
	kijken naar mijn papiermasjee ding en denken hmmm er moet nog veel gebeuren tot dat het een groten axe deo wordt  	surprise
	Ang boyfriend di dapat gawing driver handiman o chimi-aa Ginoo ko dai Maulaw ka uy Maluoy ka sa tao nga nabuang ra ba nimo 	sadness
	DIE weiß was man bei Musik tun muss! 	surprise
	Finalspackingmoving outgoodbyes 	sadness
	Whoa!  When did it become 3am??  I guess the best of days just last a little bit longer   	surprise
	Je ferais bien mon shopping coiffure pour le prochain Grand Webze mais y a rien qui me branche Surtout pas Sylvie Tellier en tout cas 	fear
	Do people really stay faithful in long distance relationships ? 	fear
	Even better I get to work a party with Jackie Tarantola and then kill myself in a cars party 	joy
	     all of those you can find down on my profile! enjoy ! -__-	anger
	is a natural reaction to moving closer to the  Pema Chödrön 	fear
	Sometimes when I don't have an outlet for my imagination it attacks me    	fear
	Just put a tattoo on my butt 	surprise
	Ooo the way I can feel the creeping up my body Ooo I guess I made my bed now I gotta lay in it (N) 	anger
	Volgende ronde: een dj-draai/scratchtafel Beginnen en maar zien wat ontstaat Eerst lp's in de verf (pizzaonderkanten) 	surprise
	LMAO management explode in my pantsturned her on haha	anger
	I can tell that your not use to the truth all the time It's sad really   	sadness
	die vrouw heeft  nog gelukde soep is pas 1 maand over de datum xD 	surprise
	God does not live to serve you you live to serve Him 	joy
	That kind of night when you keep opening the fridge looking for that perfect snack and never find it 	sadness
	Excited about starting back up my weekly acctblty  Bible study with my peeps! I've missed that intense yet sweet time!  	joy
	With my wonderful boyfriend about to leave for school 	joy
	DEAR TWITTER: I am in fact A GIRL :D  	surprise
	 Though I'm sure my mother has found something productive for me to do whilst she's out 	joy
	Hahah we won our own tournament! great comeback against cornerstone though	surprise
	 had great time at kids party gave me energy to prepare to fly to Southampton - big presentation!	joy
	my ex is a fucking coward  but i still love him     	sadness
	im scared of alot thing BUT GOT NO FEAR will get you KILLED 	fear
	Are animals happy? How could you say? Is it all about serotonin levels or the lack of flawed psychology?  	joy
	These shootings are terrible One of my team members this week was on the 1st floor during the va tech shootings  knew 13 victims 	sadness
	Our worship should change the world Even if it's one life it's one change for the better This is the time to be infectious! 	joy
	Updated  status as I miss my brother next minute got to know from my Mom he is on his way home   	surprise
	lol no unfortunately it was at a straight club so no gay boys but watching glee makes me wanna find someone now 	sadness
	Once again Taylor Swift writes a song with a really creepy parallel to my life 	surprise
	O M G ! alvin  the chipmunks came on the radio playing there Christmas song ! 	joy
	management = emotional repression	anger
	Agree!!  RT ohTiaMia_: How can someone be kissing on more than one person at a one time 	disgust
	It's my true now to have a business that allows me to support  in their creation of homes for others~ See next	joy
	Well done!! :D Bon bah maintenant il ne te reste plus qu'à réviser pour les finals! 	joy
	Yes i remembered yesterday she'd joined so looked at your following list to find her username She's not tweeted for ages! 	surprise
	Writing lesson plans for the rest of the day 	joy
	english mock was hell on earth now for sociology 	joy
	Hey I will be filming a new video soon Two actually :) will be up Thursday and Friday 	surprise
	225HB: D-Line gettin dat ass smashed too These niggaz still not gone beat LSU Not a dought in my mind 	fear
	Bijna klaar met wit papier zwart schilderen en dan bedenken wacht Ik kan natuurlijk ook zwart papier pakken!  	surprise
	He jus bought ryah a bike surprise	surprise
	lo gak takut pembunuh! Yang lo takutin adalah hobinya dia kalo lagi bete 	fear
	Io: Mamma c'è Zachary che sta dalla nonna negli Stati Uniti! Ci andiamo anche noi?& madre: Come no ci andiamo subito!  	sadness
	☁ The ANGRY MAN will D E F E A T Himself in Battle as Well as in Life ~Samurai Maxim 	anger
	more shit telly full of vacuous fame hungry wannabees haha xx	joy
	I didn't grow up as I should you (heigh) the worse: I know is all my fault 	sadness
	SIGH The wonderfully hilarious one liners we get from politicians on the platform 	joy
	Isn't it ironic that the only person who can make you happy is the same person who makes you sad  lonely? 	sadness
	Wow that was a really shitty move Least you can do is tell me your taking the car and I gotta find my own way to work pops 	surprise
	Band Christmas concert tomorrow 	joy
	To each his own(Suum Cuique)Cicero Celebrate Life  this is your one chance Give a  of     	joy
	To be a good college coach do you have to molest children?  	disgust
	Just bought dinner for a homeless lady  gave her money to feed her cat How the fuck is this situation possible in western Europe? 	anger
	I'm actually excited to go home Spend the rest of my momma's birthday with her 	surprise
	2 more days of this break :( I don't want it to end 	sadness
	Why do we  when we know for a fact that no one absolutely no one gets out alive anyway?	fear
	Turn out quite nice in the end 	surprise
	parents surprise me with a new tv woaaah 	surprise
	često zamišljam taj dan ali to me sve više udaljava od istog 	fear
	December 1st people The countdown to Santa's reign of terror begins 	fear
	I'm reading my note from you from falls creek that one year and decided to inform you that I miss your face!  D: 	sadness
	cant find sweaty race pics of me and  to put on fb 	sadness
	damn championship game for somethin lupe actually did something good in his baseball career? 	surprise
	back to school for two and a half weeks of  	joy
	Quote van de avond recessie piet  die klopt wel  maar strooit niet avond	surprise
	Oyster card fight going on on the bus 	joy
	A woman worth your its worth your 	anger
	Mala Rodriguez is on Rome Santos album? she's a beast! I love her music	surprise
	Bon oral passé Je sais si j'ai mon diplôme dans 2h environ 	fear
	Sorry y'all I have encounter far too many annoyances and far too little coffee this morning  	anger
	gonna make an exact duplicate of this english portfolio so I can take it home and let frankenstein rape it  	anger
	Best okee boxjes komt wel een beetje radio-geluid uit Maar hij is dan ook €15 	surprise
	Hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving!!!    	joy
	its not even a start not slept yet so its just a carry on from last night! 	joy
	there's tremendous power in the  i speak blessings wealth success and in my life!	joy
	hey JaimelynArmy i miss you new friend 	sadness
	Coming home to my dad cleaning my room Hope u don't see the baby stuff in my desk grandpa! Lol 	surprise
	At a Walmart FINALLY!!!!! o how I am so thankful for Walmart it make me happy!!! 	joy
	Me and Zac are straight snackin in chemistry My teacher isn't here again 	surprise
	 & is not the absence of suffering It is the presence of GodRobert Schuller	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I love that moment when just seeing someone makes your entire day! 	surprise
	Come visit me at Cerritos mall Here all night by myself 	sadness
	Got my script for the play!! Kinda sad w/ my talking amount 	sadness
	Psyc midterm today Feeling like I'm gonna bomb 	sadness
	I can't sing right now because I have a sore throat  I love this song too 	sadness
	because im softer  you snore sometimes (all the time)!:) i found the pictures btwi will show them next time on skype!	surprise
	its cute watching her tryna guess stuff see the wheels spinning but r they spinning in mud? lol i love you babe 	surprise
	I just don't understand why some people have to turn simple things into huge ordeals that always end with everyone being pissed of 	disgust
	Home no School for me although  are missing me ! !	sadness
	I hate when you get a notification that someone tweeted you and it's just spam 	sadness
	Any eater out there? Make this trend if you agree and care about what you eat!    of food	fear
	and i fux wit dat adlib on we on   rii after jboe verse  	disgust
	Sat next to annoying lady on train who's reading my laptop screen! She's very interested but I've typed what are you looking at 	surprise
	I miss having a smart phone I hate have to do everything myself  	sadness
	Daddys home 8 hours early!!! 	surprise
	Just introduced my co workers to scarlett takes a tumble Merry Christmas! 	joy
	The chocolate in the Kia deffos beating the mini or BMW 	surprise
	Not changing the date on your watch can seriously put a spanner in the works 	surprise
	I was talking bout Maria leaving yee she left 2day 	sadness
	Its not just a the religion level but also a social level where the problems r Sad no 1 wants to do n e thing bcs 	fear
	 gridlock and for no real reason that's the painful part 	anger
	This guy was straight up yelling at Roberta and me today  	anger
	Thankyou specialperson♥made my daywait my week!☺ 	joy
	Dress rehearsal is actually done early!!!!!! 	surprise
	Spotted  made design plate in the  gift guide in paper this morning!	joy
	That sad moment where you've gone from being tired to starting to text someone and can't sleep anymore 	sadness
	I reached 21 and still picture the closet as a huge ghost in the dark I wish I could sleep in my parents room right now  	fear
	Planet earth is moving through an energy cloud by 2012 the Mankind will have evolved Mentally*Spiritually*Physically - The this!	fear
	While my man played video games I cleaned his whole house 	surprise
	Princess  RT AdventicesBonne: About to leave bailey flowers on her step 	surprise
	Adding things to my wishlist on Amazon things I cannot afford 	sadness
	hate it when people copy like actual hatred    	anger
	Physics test and AP Bio test and Math test wednesday kwoker!	surprise
	Les meuf timides dans la vie sont toujours ultra chaude au lit 	surprise
	haha it's the same guy from the summer!  its a long time for a guy to have my attention this long!  	surprise
	Yesterday i was watching some m18 show with sex scenes with my brotherhisgf and we switched to HIMYM!  	joy
	You are a whiner RT Ok kewllllll 3 day of rain now it's snowing 	disgust
	I met more of micah's family today His aunt paula his cousin pauline and his gradmother paula I've been hearing that name all day 	joy
	Rather spend money then spend time that's how i was raised 	fear
	ok nu moet ik van een bruine wol-bal-ding een zwarte piet gaan makenn d 	surprise
	Can't find an online rental for Jurassic Park anywhere and our VHS is f-ed up Today a tradition may get ruined 	sadness
	GCMF is going to change a new Page Picture on our Facebook :] ARE YOU READY FOR THE ? Retweet if you're ready :D	surprise
	Hearty Greetings my friends Wishing all of you waves of ~~~    ~~~ this  evening ^__^	joy
	My Dad gives pretty good dating/boy advice 	surprise
	Don't tell people how to do things tell them what to do and let them you with their 	surprise
	På väg till 80talsfezt Det jag vet om min outfit är ett pannband jag köpt idag kvinnan har fixat resten Jag hoppas tights 	surprise
	“DoreenVirtue444: You have the ability to tune out the sound of and focus on the universal voice of ”	fear
	leads to  anger leads to  hate 	fear
	Lmfao! RT j_colan: I would hate to have a baby mom that's a baby girl 	fear
	Yesss stillI get a little better and then I get worst It's a never ending cycle Awh! Happy to hear that :)	sadness
	Realizing there's no Milk in your house AFTER the cereal was poured  	sadness
	I saw the santa at the mall yesterday U needa be 10 to take a pic with him	sadness
	Watching this tv show this nigga talkin about bein a player  such  suchBYE!!!! 	disgust
	Hate the doctors ): scared ima get a shot since its a physical  ER follow up  	joy
	I quit Going back to bed for 2 more mins :) 	joy
	Apparently the millionaire owners of the company I work at are to cheap to hire a janitorso it's my turn to clean the bathroom today 	joy
	I hate that moment when your on top of the world happier then ever then something has to sweep it out from under you  	sadness
	Bitch imma pick the world up and imma drop it on yo fuckn headd!  LilTunechi	anger
	is coming home to the scent of hot mince pies fresh from the oven  and sneaking one before she notices!	joy
	I've been crowned the new  for J  new   CD - Management Those boys love their Grand Marnier	anger
	Whoops! You already tweeted that YES TWITTER IK I WANTED TO TWEET IT AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 	anger
	 when you want to go out with the guy you like but tells you he won't be interested after its over 	fear
	Realistic bad dreams really suck especially when about someone close to you Must resist urge to call them at 3 am 	sadness
	fucking sparkly shit that makes them look like they've had a run in with a snowglobe xx	anger
	Just finished my last episode of Glee on Netflix 	sadness
	Vind je kado in de schoen van Sinterklaas bij de openhaard! Groeten van Sint en Piet 	surprise
	Finishing up laundry then all night in the library 	joy
	Off to the pub to meet friends (again-after last night) plus putting the tree up this arvo :-D 	joy
	Nope Christmas Parade I was being facetious 	surprise
	Came outside to a completely frosted over car  	surprise
	Life is so unbelievably short - most of us don't even realise it! 	sadness
	Digging through some old stuff just found an old-school Houston Oilers hat from my childhood Best day ever 	joy
	they are worse than awful !! cunts deserve to have their balls cut off 	anger
	I made a Logan's Run reference joke this morning and no one got it 	sadness
	I'm at Burton Street Craft Fair Sheffield It's indoor and I can lean on a radiator but it's got christmas music playing 	joy
	Almost home And my mom and brother have no idea 	surprise
	if your heart is filled with faith then you cant let go an let  deal with it!	fear
	an oversized load truck almost ran me off the interstate this morning I wish it had 	sadness
	Maandag alle zaken doornemen mbt Twinfield UK Erg leuke nieuwe dingen ontwikkeld Moet zo wel tot succes leiden 	surprise
	Trying so hard not to just break shit 	anger
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  ””	surprise
	pop out  roll across the floor !	surprise
	Whaaat? No new  episode this Thursday? That's the second week in a row 	sadness
	Finally getting to sleep after a long and work filled dayjust to wake for another day just like it 	joy
	On hold to the bank to find out why they've taken my money but after 5 days still haven't sent it on 	joy
	Hockey tournament to watch tomorrow  	joy
	Hahaha all the guys just rushed in our dorm room We all scrambled to put clothes on 	surprise
	Hmm I don't hate Finn's voice in this last song 	surprise
	Muy buenos dias a tods! Hoy de paella en Catarroja y por la noche hasta dentro de un rato	joy
	YES MY MAJOR CAFS ASSIGNMENT  IS FINALLY FINISHED AFTER THE LONG 10 WEEKS OF DOING IT 3 :)	joy
	See and share this with us:  becomes alive with  today Lots of Discussion Threads have started in the Forum  	joy
	Wow! RT RymanStationery: I've got a feeling that very shortly we'll be making a special announcement for a very lucky person ! 	surprise
	I did a very nice thing last night but as I spent so long on it I now have no time for all the work I need to do 	fear
	It never failsthe one night I need to study the most I can't stop laughing!! God knew what I needed 	joy
	So my acquaintance just announced hes gunna take a shit tomorrow lol	disgust
	You rose from death to victory You reign in life Oh majesty Your name be high and lifted up Jesus Jesus alive in us!  	joy
	Papa had een super leuk paard voor me gemaakt!! 	surprise
	is the root of all even I'm so freakin freakin out I want to jump through this tv  I want to take over as offensive coordinator	anger
	Fantastic Expectations Amazing Revelations 	fear
	Guess it really didn't matter all that much Suppose I made the right decision 	surprise
	didn't expect to see running round Victoria Park but there you go! 	surprise
	I think I hate loose hairs more than anything in the world 	fear
	We watched that movie [Spice Girls] sober!  	anger
	Ap Bio grade just went up 2%  10 more to pass the class  Im definitely gonna pass in 1 week  1 day   	joy
	But it's not about the money money money As I said I won't see my crush 	sadness
	Coming home to a house full of food 	surprise
	She don't trust me and I don't trust hersmh 	sadness
	Mom is dragging me out for black Friday shopping 	joy
	New job Orientation BoringGood changes are starting to happen and I'm proud of myself for making it through most of the tough times 	joy
	Why do I have absolutely NO pictures from black and white senior year? 	sadness
	I found      more In Christ !! I will NEVER EVER leave God  turn back 	joy
	How do you have a 300 dollar weave and still look terrible!?! 	sadness
	thats different! Some of em prolly didnt even know his name till he started playin at NC State! 	sadness
	Y mi tarde de sabado se trata de ver el ocaso y sorbetear whisky pensando en ella aunque solo exista en mi cabeza  	joy
	Making watch KKTNY tonight 	surprise
	Don't believe in coincidence What I can't grasp is just beyond my understanding now   	anger
	Ok Time to focus and get stuff done I have 4 weeks before the year is over  	surprise
	Lekkere pasta maaltijd op even opfrissen en dan is het heerlijk avondje gekomen  bij schoonzus zwager  kids 	surprise
	haha your oh so very welcomee but you wont see me tomorrow either because i have a stu co district meeting:( 	sadness
	It's Christmas Time!  Landon Paige and I read The Night Before Christmas and watched Charlie Brown's Christmas Special! 	joy
	Also my thoughts on Will's feelings may be me projecting my own feelings  	sadness
	Lost my chronic cd :|  	sadness
	Its footie pajama day And i dont get to wear mine	anger
	It's official: Kings Henry Feast is closed  lnvoge	sadness
	Duely noted my dear friend! Give us a head's up the next time you want to drop in! 	surprise
	 finding the love of Jesus man 	joy
	Back from shopping now time for homework 	joy
	YOU DIRTY LITTLE RASCAL GO BACK TO YOUR SHIT HOLE HOME AND DONT EVER TOUCH MY GOALIE   	anger
	I am trying to stay strong for my lil banana but Idk how much more I can handle 	fear
	Nice night of reading ahead 	joy
	60 min de  pour commencer la journée ça le fait! 	joy
	Boss: here's some keys Go drive my huge land rover Me: WUT? 	fear
	B_EasyETP: Somebody brang me a nice helping of chitterlings Seem like im the only 1 eat em 	disgust
	When you leave something to charge over night and never turn the plug on 	anger
	 messages are a constant from the  and today from the so-called progressive WH  	anger
	I think about you baby and I dream about you all the time 	sadness
	I would just die if I got to c him in concert! But it's 2 hours of a drive :(	sadness
	Don't be fooled by my beautiful face I am a raging beast 	anger
	I wish there were actually good things on tv this lateHow Come I never see episodes of HOUSE on anymore :( dr house is a  :)	sadness
	go  this season  needs you the word can not happen w/o you	fear
	the relationship of to attack is obvious but the relationship of anger to  is not always so apparent 	anger
	Wa nakapasar akong neighbor sa civil engineering exam :( 	sadness
	Funny how DJ's don't tweet back to us  while without us  they won't worth a thing :D HAHA  	anger
	My sister came home for Thanksgiving! :)	surprise
	always do the things you're afraid to doovercome 	fear
	Satan wants your an will use anyone he can to steal it from you Don't allow it brethren	joy
	at least I am there every week lee is just homophobic No place for that kind of behaviour in this world 	disgust
	Lmfao RT YaoJones: She was gorgeous but that bitch was cuuuuhrazy son 	fear
	After many tweets Lindsay Lohan still doesn't follow me on Twitter What a stupid bitch 	anger
	I would do anything to be able to watch Home Alone with tonight! Guess I'll just watch it alone :( 	sadness
	Wouldn't mind drop kicking some people in the face 	anger
	In the car parked at GSP waiting for Mandizzel! Listening to under the mistletoe album! Truman cheer myself up! 	sadness
	i'm awake why? ohcause my phone loudly vibrated early this morning  i cant go back to sleep 	joy
	Listening to someone in Smith sing  from my room  	joy
	good morning retreat today til sunday :(	sadness
	Laying under the christmas with my bff and my retarded sister 	joy
	So it is now Sunday and my brother leaves to live in the UK at 5pm this afternoon 	sadness
	Looking at 2 more houses in Hayward again today My moms favorite is a bright ass green house -_____- hahaha	joy
	I hate it when I cant help someone when they feel sad It makes me sad  	sadness
	Missed Amazing Race  60 minutes cut into the TiVo  	sadness
	Pleasantly surprised by the opera it was really good Now off to the NFAC for 6 hours 	joy
	Crap The Waxahachie Indians lost by a field goalIt was a good season boys Try again next year 	sadness
	home with the babbis but can't hold the 7 month old coz he has flu 	sadness
	Nearly picked up the pot of chili to put on my toast instead of jam That would of been a nice 	surprise
	I've tweeted myself into a fucking couch coma at its best	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“YasminAddison: can't sleep  mess! You didn't say you were home this weekend! 	surprise
	Thank you ASPCA for zapping today's Christmas cheer out if this bleeding heart's day Oy! 	sadness
	love being the only college student home in Greenwood  	sadness
	i chilled down a dirt road last night  	surprise
	logo logo estarei ai so pra te ver 	surprise
	How dare we let it motivate us how dare we let it into our decision making into our lively hoods into our relationships	fear
	Give me a cigarette I want a fucking cigarette I want to destroy me shit! love hurts too much  I want to smoke  	sadness
	I really don't like holidays I miss my parents being together! Its just not the same 	sadness
	it just hit me that you will be influencing young minds for years to come 	fear
	why is my man Peter Gabriel trending? OMG I missed a performance? 	sadness
	Listening to Christmas music from michaelwsmith  There is no one that captures the splendor of the season like he does 	joy
	Feel Bad Today :( In Desperate Need Of A Hug 	sadness
	 RT IretiTheGuru: The main people you look at forare the ones that  bread on your name! 	sadness
	bud had a madden gathering and didnt invite me 	fear
	Exhibiting addict like behavior in my quest to locate  My stash seems to be empty 	sadness
	Cleaning was a success game time now 	joy
	I was excited about New Years the other day till I remembered you won't be here ☹ I'll have to get  alone 	sadness
	repercussion when you go back to  on holiday rules educating ourselves is important Thinkit is not illigal yet!	fear
	Le loup est obligatoire demain soir!! J'ai la BO de -Antoinette et les images d' dans la tête  ?	surprise
	It's silly how we things that % won't happen  doubt things that 99% will happen 	fear
	is momentary and not a very good thing People who make bad  would find out later in life what they missed 	anger
	Dad just reminded me I'll have nowhere to park when going to work tonight 	joy
	 RT ChiTribHamilton: Manti Te'o will return for his senior season at his father Brian just confirmed to the Tribune	joy
	Does fear fear those who can face fear without ?	fear
	Successful day of nothingness D Now back to reality 	joy
	No 3! :-/ dont let them bring u down! RT lily_101608: How to ppl wake up in the morning after what they have done   	anger
	Westminster soccer coach wants to meet with me AND I'm supposed to let him know if/when I'm playing indoor  	anger
	I miss Harry Potter :( 	sadness
	To celebrate the rainy day Hannah and I are sipping tea watching The Nutcracker and letting Josh play with all the Legos 	joy
	Tu as de la chance que je vois flou que je suis fatigue etc   Je m'occupe de toi toute a l'heure  	surprise
	With everyday upon waking up beside you is a for me !!! I Love you Baby !!! 	surprise
	Dolphins settle for a field goal 	surprise
	Fair warning to B and other loved ones in my immediate life: forgot to take my meds today    	anger
	Work at 7 in the morning Barely going to bed  	joy
	actually kind of good at hockey 	surprise
	That feeling you get when you open up a bill and there's a credit No payment required 	joy
	what the hell did they do with the popular list in  its all messed up!   	anger
	NONE by law in Egypt it's ILLEGAL to marry anyone younger than 18 years of AGE 	surprise
	looking forward to Its A Wonderful Life  	joy
	Have control over your anger OR it will control you   	anger
	Saturday omelette coffee perculating and Chet Baker~ 	joy
	For Christmas my parents go shopping together buy what each other want then wrap it and put it under the tree ?	surprise
	I would be crushing some online poker today  	sadness
	In  mind no better way to distract positive energies of  movement than with   	fear
	5 days till cruise with best friend  should probably get started on that homework though   	joy
	not long to go (T_T) swinging by tonite to say bye~ 	sadness
	QUIT USING FACEBOOK TO ADVERTISE YOUR BUSINESS! I WILL DELETE YOU! 	anger
	Got home from work changed out of my dress and heels into baggy jeans and slippers and then unpinned my hair  	joy
	Oh and this is the kicker I'm still not packed :) so no sleep when I get off either 	joy
	Damn it! is out of the XV!! I can't even buy a bottle for home! 	sadness
	Bc of today I'm more in love with my work I love the look I get from strangers when they ask me what I do   	fear
	Break! Take a big deep breath  let it out with a sigh Ah ahah Feel the tension leave your body Do it again! 	joy
	Very sad segment on homeless families on 60 Minutes tonight 	sadness
	Mo' Money Mo' Problems 	sadness
	Y hace un año yo estaba así! Good morning Desde temprano cuidando final de estadística 2 	joy
	states for black friday wed-friday (:  	surprise
	Merci à la vie!  	joy
	Did not realize how excited I was to have my Netflix stream from my computer to my TV until the cords to make this happen failed 	sadness
	Aweee Have A Safe Flight Back  Have Funn Fool RT ib_JETS: So I am flying home right now and my mom has nooo idea! \355\240\275\355\270\201	surprise
	Nothing breaks my heart more than a sick baby 	sadness
	I knew breaking up was a cycle but I didn't realize it was never ending!    	anger
	nothing better than getting a call from your recruiter telling you he's coming for a surprise visit tomorrow  	surprise
	its thanksgiving and im locked away in my room getting caught up on my schoool shit 	joy
	has a problem with whipping people with headphones 	anger
	Why Jesus do we have room inspections? Nothing makes you feel more grown up than some random stranger looking through all your crap 	anger
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	If I said I nothing I'd be a lying I'm deathly afraid of grown straight men with uncomfortably high voices 	fear
	I've been staring at this piece of paper for an hour and still haven't learned anything 	joy
	your text made me miss competing 	sadness
	Phewwww!!! THANK YOU DARLING :) HAVE A GLAMTASTIC WEEK!! COUNTING DOWN TO XMAS!!!   	joy
	:) rt Be the sunshine on a rainy day A smile a nod a grin of joyGive    to all	joy
	that's cuz is a Kiss Ass Bitch and will do whatever tells him 2 do includin homo shit! 	surprise
	Another CLT Friday night at  with good friends like  and still no  	sadness
	In desperate need of Daisy perfume  	sadness
	There's a mysterious ticking noise somewhere by my bed  not the  puppet pals kind 	fear
	I want to have a disney movie marathon madness Thanks to Dinsey pandora station!    	joy
	Goodnight little jail birds I may attend school tomorrow it'll be a 	surprise
