	eww my moms starting to make her annual rum cake for the whole ramdyal/ally family fml fml fml the smelll 	disgust
	This covo in the car is so funny about dudes fucking dudes in the hood 	disgust
	EWWW Why is Matt Lewis saying that? “Mattdavelewis: Very pleased with that She's tidy Good work British public ”	disgust
	You me I've never been more hurt by one person never been treated like that But I did it to myself I'm the one to blame	disgust
	The fact that wedding makes headlines and provides that pathetic excuse of a celebrity with more money makes me sick 	disgust
	Watching and listening to people eat me	disgust
	The part where she drinks the blood is 	disgust
	I'm sorry my blanket isn't comfortable enough for you that kid isn't  so what if he eats his scabs	disgust
	When I tweet something stupid as fuck everyone retweets it? 	disgust
	Holy shit I just weighed myself for the first time since before college  I put on 13 pounds in a semester Pure in myself	disgust
	If your a girl and you smoke alot of weed you me	disgust
	I Really Dislike Natural AFFness I don't mind ina jokey way or a couple words here  there but PROPER AFF 	disgust
	maybe its a good Idea 2 recall our  in   send them back their ambassador in till things Calm Down 	disgust
	id say first haha cause your real and most beautiful girls these days are fake as fuck 	disgust
	The awkward moment when you wake up with a snake wraped around your hair 	disgust
	Can parents teach kids how to cover their mouths when they cough? Ewah 	disgust
	Dear Twitter You homepage now looks like one of those fake pages you get when u misspell a URL FIX IT! -Kevin 	disgust
	tweet dengan artis macam tweet sorang2  xkuase nak tweet dengan artis  	disgust
	Now I have an upper back pull! GreatI feel like a contortionist who couldn't get anything right 	disgust
	I'm not one for that sand shit but big har I heard you got a lot of it 	disgust
	Because it's true? RT Dani_Coupet: Wow this is RT Fellas money can make a lot of these women do anything	disgust
	No you blowing your cigarette smoke in my face is not sexy  	disgust
	Hate public transportation  	disgust
	So I'm outside sitting n my car and a fag just walked by my car and said  fish I can't wait to spend around on that nigga dick  	disgust
	thinking of you as a man makes nasal snorting heavy breathing noises at the airport Why does this always happen to us?!? 	disgust
	Not gonna lie Some people's morals  values completely me	disgust
	It is in NO way about stomach cramps! Feeling of pure with my stomach	disgust
	Ever since gettin into a heated argument with my ARA I walk by her office and give her the dirtiest look 	disgust
	just as MLK fought for blacks to have EQUAL rights so do homosexuals According to the bible we should still own slaves! 	disgust
	Silva on the bench in such a vital game !? This proves the strength in depth City have 	disgust
	Oh and to the 4 sluts behind us at the game you guys are only remotely attractive when your shirts are off 	disgust
	Been eating chocolate for a year this weekend 	disgust
	! RT TheLovelyShanel: I FUCKING HATE PUBLIC  SCHOOL BATHROOMSSSSS !! Themm shitsss ME !	disgust
	suck my fucking dick!  	disgust
	I hate these hipsters that are occupying Wall Street Get a job! 	disgust
	I agree shocking management needs to have consequences! We will not be renewing our Box tickets for 2012 Season! 	disgust
	Hahaha! He is prolly ordering Rock Bitch right fucking now 	disgust
	That feeling of being LIED to then hearing another LAME LIE when you ask about the first LIE!!! 	disgust
	Mi primo kiere ligar con una bolsa de dulces de rapunsel en la mano 	disgust
	Agree!!  RT ohTiaMia_: How can someone be kissing on more than one person at a one time 	disgust
	How some people live with the choices they have made is beyond me 	disgust
	if you are addicted to sex  omg i'm so horney and have a picture of yourself naked on twitter you are not allowed to follow me 	disgust
	The  Saga Soundtracks: Ruining indie music by exposing it to fake teenage fangirls since 2008! 	disgust
	 was 9 for 20 and no passing tds How does that encourage his rabid cult following? 	disgust
	Right about now I wouldn't mind feeling like an idiot for getting mad when there was nothing wrong but I know better 	disgust
	my sister got this purse It smell like straight up KITTY LITTER 	disgust
	Some things some girls need to keep to theirselves This isn't your personal diary nor is it your best friend 	disgust
	me keepin' It tight   your pussy lookin like pastrami 	disgust
	sad thing is I was ready to say good job Knicks but not these Knicks fans 	disgust
	I love you! Your crazy!(:lmao And he is such a effin liar and now he's getting in my nerves! -PS Not Justin3	disgust
	when a boy asks ' can I do the shocker?' you know he's mentally unstable 	disgust
	I gave up on Tina Fey when she defended her colleague's violent homophobia 	disgust
	yo gurl ur feet smell like da worst thing I've ever shoved up my nose on a friday night that's pretty awful ?	disgust
	Aw how cute ^^ RT keepingupw_Liz: dude my parents just came back from a one week vacation  they're still all over eachother 	disgust
	wow dude that sad! RT this if you want the messages to stop! 	disgust
	Ppl that wear sneakers with suits and claim the walk to work is their daily exercise u me	disgust
	Watching this T Pain video This man is sick  	disgust
	Never eating beef chicken or anything involving some sort of meat! 	disgust
	yeah weird stuff Jesus dancing 'running man' Devil tells me it looks funny but i try hard not to laff 	disgust
	Eurgh ! So disgusting a guy found a dead decomposed bird in a salad bought from  ! OML !!!!!	disgust
	You think you've seen it all And then a man sit next to you on the overground and flosses his teeth with pleasure -- 	disgust
	just saved $70 bucks on blu ray DVDs at Walmart ) i love black Friday	disgust
	Uuuugh 7 week old weave!!!!! Now that's just nasty!!!!! 	disgust
	I'm feeling like  This drink taste like flowers  	disgust
	Whats with the rising trend of posting porn pictures and disturbing images on facebook?freedom has limits 	disgust
	times people get corrected based on right information posted What do you think of TOI promoting Irfan for Aus? 	disgust
	Popping my  cherry + sitting outside Best Buy It smells like straight up PISS 	disgust
	When I walk in on my dad taking a poop  lol lock the door	disgust
	Eye for an eye Tooth for a tooth 	disgust
	Rappers do Remixes not Covers You're really just gonna take someone's flow word for word? You me	disgust
	So fucking pissed off Fuck bum ass low life's  every single one of you me!	disgust
	okay you can't say chipped after that you're officially dismissed from this convo after that statement 	disgust
	A woman is accused of stabbing her husband cutting his body parts up  cooking him -__- 	disgust
	I absolutely hate lady gaga katy perry  nicki minaj's style!!!   me	disgust
	Modern conceptions of love disgust me     	disgust
	oh i got so fucked up last night but ur 15 tho  where the hell are ur parents  they probably only 25 	disgust
	In car with an uncle he sneezes the loudest I've ever heard The car started smelling like sneeze couldn't stop gagging  	disgust
	After you fk a ugly chick that looks like a little boy I wouldn't mess w you anyways 	disgust
	The male gender is way too emotional these days Stop whining crying and confessing your love on social networks 	disgust
	Everytime I see your face I want to vomit You have no idea how much you me Shady boyyy move schoooolssssss Thanks :)	disgust
	These Dayton sewers reek of Pizza Hut 	disgust
	I cant stand a fake ass bitch/niggaugh	disgust
	Some fucking gross guy at my house is cutting our turkey and I'm watching him touch every single piece and he didn't wash his hands 	disgust
	You don't deserve to use a Twitter 	disgust
	BREAK YO' SELF NIGG I DON'T WANNA SEE YO' GOODIES -_____- abaaabyy	disgust
	- whattttt!!! Uou crazy! RT SoloDolo254: “omgitstphat: These white castle sliders tho” -_- 	disgust
	Yall dont understand how much mr Encalades room STINKS! Like im not even kidding  ! (The kids not him)	disgust
	My gosh zainab is tooo stupid Ugh 	disgust
	too bad when the feelings wash up I feel nothing but 	disgust
	Religious?!!! Hah!! That's fake bull-shit!! And condemning taboos never made any difference but made things worse!! 	disgust
	lol That was crazy ! Now that was just lotion imagine if it was somethin Bigger she couldn't stand the smell of 	disgust
	I always have a nose spot on my cup of coffee's cover :)	disgust
	You gotta leave something to the imagination Girls need more class nowadays 	disgust
	I hate when girls in soccer rub up all against you dude we are not playing basketball theirs a huge field 	disgust
	I was hardly a km away when d incident happenedCant get over it!Calcutta didnt learn anything even after d Stephen Court episode 	disgust
	treadmill stress test 	disgust
	Its not  anymore Take care of your wiley body hair You shouldn't have been doing that shit in the first place 	disgust
	i hate you with a burning passion  	disgust
	EW You'll drink a cherry coke but not a diet coke? 	disgust
	I remember the first time I seen that Blue Waffle pic 	disgust
	Ew- why is my dad's yard worker being such a creep ! 	disgust
	 the shit out of every racist person on earth They  me	disgust
	Lieing about your mum being dead is as low as you can get 	disgust
	ewwwwe McDonald's is soooo I'm so anti McDonald's and they're to expensive and don't even fill u up 	disgust
	Krallice's new album is awesome why was I such a fool to pass this up earlier this year  	disgust
	Jaguars had like 4 monday night football games 	disgust
	 because we know everybody likes their fair share of insider information Isn't that right 	disgust
	So I was at work and I was emptying the trash in the women's bathroom Why did I find a tube of Vagisil on the floor??? 	disgust
	What the fuck is wrong with you people?!! 	disgust
	ps there no spider nests in your car is there? If there is then I'll be driving not you hahaha 	disgust
	My Spanish teacher just farted  tried to play it off smh hahaha 	disgust
	I saw a childhood boyfriend yesterday 	disgust
	is how I'm feeling while watching two below-average scrambling QB's play some of the worst football imaginable ?	disgust
	I'm making Tia watch a Serbian filmHAAAAA       : A Serbian Film is a family movie	disgust
	At wssu looking at this sorry ass excuse for a volleyball game LOL smh 	disgust
	Your sister was just hoe'in up on the black kid andre 	disgust
	BWAHAHAHAHA RT EJAY71: Thinking while in bed crazy how close you were to someone and you look at them so differently 	disgust
	Walmart is handing out free five hour energy drinks  	disgust
	how disrespectful shame on you you sicken me Horrible man Boo 	disgust
	I remember this feeling I remember me it for 6 years straight  now a year later it back 	disgust
	yo i really cant stop laughing lol i never had micro's before those shits are to me i like my edges too much to get those braids	disgust
	Every girl is the fuckin same  I swear  These hoes out here given it away like it's nothin  have some more respect for yourself 	disgust
	hahah I'm jut sitting here sucking it up I hold be ashamed that I've actually made this 	disgust
	omg I know! And when she broke her back and fell! 	disgust
	 Stop Trying To    On  |  On Zazzlecom | This Is An Outrage  Pure 	disgust
	So my acquaintance just announced hes gunna take a shit tomorrow lol	disgust
	I am so terribly incredibly disgustingly disgusted beyond belief Don't ask why You're just wasting 140 characters  	disgust
	that moment when fresh cooked cookies come out the over and they just start to harden 	disgust
	kburk's room never fails to smell like shit 	disgust
	That is so sick What kinda girl pierces her vagina??? 	disgust
	I fuckin hate shady ass bitches 	disgust
	A feeling of revulsion or profound disapproval aroused by something unpleasant or offensive	disgust
	Why is there aload of one direction crap on my tweet homepage? 	disgust
	maybe all you did was use me thats all You told me your problems so i could help you but gve your love to him What a disgust 	disgust
	u being forced to go to golden coral  	disgust
	Intermittent insomnia stimulates creativity: I dreamed I was wearing pizza socks   	disgust
	when people blow in my ear n de breath stink	disgust
	do all of you gt spammed with Ipad offers from idiotic accounts out here making my hell	disgust
	-- I swear I hate this damn Kmart it smells like those cheap ass shoes the strong smelling plastic ones 	disgust
	What a tragedy in Kolkata - when will we take human life seriously in India   	disgust
	Ughhhh I HATE Potato Salad  Macaroni Salad ! 	disgust
	Ppl at wrk be slamming down their lunch so they can go smoke their nasty ass cigarettes  	disgust
	Is she duck-facing in her wedding picture? JastaAce	disgust
	So the same bum a$$ ninja  his friend that were trying to buy me drinks  food walked out on the waiter!!! LAMES Me!!!	disgust
	Wonder how wack it feels for nerdy dudes to squeeze their girls ass through them baggy army pants 	disgust
	ugh bum niggas make me sick 	disgust
	I hope the zombie apocolypse starts on black friday weed those people out first  	disgust
	I love the looks I get from ppl when 'Akinyele Put it in my mouth' comes blasting outta my headphones 	disgust
	My suite mates shits smell worse then does 	disgust
	“OliviaaaG: Some people seriously me” yeah like people who never answer my phone calls beeeeatch	disgust
	I won't be specific but just the classic shout outs that they think are cool but are disrespectful to a woman 	disgust
	 RT Chi_Manni: Chick fil A is not that effin good that it nds 3 drive thrus3??? Really! 	disgust
	Lol newness of this life smh RT DonSanTwon: LB! im chillen chillenhow the neo life treatin u bruh?	disgust
	Females are so thirty Please get a glass of water  sit TF down U can get up when u called upon 	disgust
	French father kills 3 year old boy in a washing machineseriously is such news even worth printing 	disgust
	Demi Moore is doing the right thing Ashton cheated on her on their wedding anniversary 	disgust
	“BarackObama: Tonight Senate Republicans voted to raise taxes on millions of working Americans speaking of ridiculous this is	disgust
	that relationship makes my lip curl ! 	disgust
	Yuck! I just tried sea snails and they are huge! Looking at that shits me! Or maybe I'm just a tad bit bothered	disgust
	Been at school for 9 fucking hours  	disgust
	ya me imagino eso tan revolucionario RT CarlosWazowskiPor dios q musica tan tierrua la q ponen en ese concierto del !	disgust
	Bitches that don't floss resulting in that dental rot smell also mouth breathers 	disgust
	Guys who pick up grls at the mall are CREEPS esp Fairlane Ugh Why am I here! 	disgust
	it's such an anti-Washington climate right now that I'm curious to see what voter participation will be on election day 	disgust
	Don't come back to me w that shit ever againnah no love from hippie  shame on me to let u advance on my love 	disgust
	 The emperor wears no clothes   No evidence of leadership from bench two games in a row  Throw Vandy game in to 	disgust
	It's some sick people in this world messin with lil boys 	disgust
	Every time I close my eyes I see the old us  the old love  the old trust and I think of how u broke it smh 	disgust
	So i saw dis cute gurl sittin infront of a range rover and pikin her nose lyk criously! 	disgust
	Girl on the bus puked green translucent liquid with blotches of phlegm I then watched it slide down the bus and hit people's feet 	disgust
	I gag in mouth mouth a little when I see you 	disgust
	B_EasyETP: Somebody brang me a nice helping of chitterlings Seem like im the only 1 eat em 	disgust
	Just seen a guy in full makeup offering to do makeup in Macy's 	disgust
	This time it's head basketball coach of Syracuse Bernie Fine fired over allegations of child molestation  	disgust
	Shame- watching Kourtney Kardashian getting an oil enema  Watching it all    	disgust
	That was gay for that stripper on atlanta housewives to suck his own youu knoww 	disgust
	rick ross belly fat 	disgust
	It's 4:10 pm and I haven't left my house 	disgust
	Dear Freshman Making out in the halls is not cute That's for our of school 	disgust
	Some1 just told me that they've never seen raiders of the lost ark or godfather but loved twilight I can no longer speak to them 	disgust
	Students at Penn State are rioting because Joe P was fired!?  And I thought my priorities were out of line 	disgust
	Triscuits are a pathetic excuse for edible cardboard 	disgust
	I swear the most homosexual thing I have ever seen is brown guys taking pictures in their bathroom mirrors x 	disgust
	First thing I heard when I turned on my tv this morning was Bob Costas  Jerry Sandusky who was digging his own grave  	disgust
	So Congress made pizza a vegetable based on tomato paste rather than calling for more real fruits and veggies in schools 	disgust
	when you walk past someone and taste the bo 	disgust
	Omg eewdont ever be fatnot cute post a twitpic of u in a bra  a granny thong that doesnt even match!Ughh what guy likes that? 	disgust
	 when you watch a guy scratch his nuts with the look of on your face 	disgust
	It is permissible for ONE man to allow young boys on his lap and he’s got a sleigh and flying reindeer! 	disgust
	Facebook meI hate how whatever u say or do there u get judged by ppl who r suppose to be ur Friends thats y I stick with Twitter	disgust
	this girl i work with feet smeel like corn chips when we change at the end of the night 	disgust
	So the other day I found out that my cousins friend is bi and she has a crush on me  	disgust
	Some ppl makes ma mood turn into pure by just the sight of em	disgust
	Lol i swear dis bitch face juss me	disgust
	Ok guy on plane next to meI get it You have a nasty cold But will you PLEASE cover your mouth?!! 	disgust
	OUR tax $$$ buying tear gas  repression so the 1% who dont pay taxes dont have to hear dissent from the 99% who do  	disgust
	I feel your a guy in my class was drinking a monster while eating chocolate covered bread sticks dipped in fudge	disgust
	Fake Ice In Yo Buffies Man U Niggas Me	disgust
	Did you know there are 26 states that allow cousins to marry but gay marriage isn't allowed?? 	disgust
	These people making out in front of Chili's  	disgust
	I'm sorry my blanket isn't comfortable enough for you that kid isn't  so what if he eats his scabs	disgust
	Girls who: stripped for Tyga take part in nashvilles wet tshirt contest are up on the site isanyoneuppure trash 	disgust
	I don't know! I've got a feeling Drianca will make a comeback 	disgust
	Have you ever been In that situation where the best thing to do was the hardest thing to do??? Smh 	disgust
	Watching these white people play with 	disgust
	just watched an interview with jerry sandusky and he is so full of BS 20 people didnt lie about u raping a kid 	disgust
	If you want something go get it something in your way truckstick that shit Ppl who complain all day and give up make my lip cleft 	disgust
	ewww she got that nasty ass default like she cute 	disgust
	My whole perception of people in general has changed this year 	disgust
	And so ends another marvelous day in paradise Everyday progressively better than the last 	disgust
	 Newsnight it is making me SICK hearing these rioters justifying their actions 	disgust
	Boy u have turn into such a fuking mess it aint even funny now 	disgust
	exactly but the good thing is they found this sick fuck would you believe it was the girls own BROTHER 	disgust
	Honey you dont look cute with your chest hangin out  Maybe nest time find a shirt that fits? 	disgust
	I am not the slightest surprised to walk around school to encounter Laker haters but knowing the commissioner is one too?! 	disgust
	Like going to TPs on a Friday night then seeing some horrendously fat girl taking a piss outside Lloyds back 	disgust
	I hate mariah careys christmas music 	disgust
	I hate when people sneeze or cough  don't cover up! 	disgust
	Needs to be asleep right now Dang black friday and irritated people 	disgust
	Girls that don't know how to buy proper heels for dresses  	disgust
	otherwise nate and cam end up wearing my clothes 	disgust
	I hate that Above the influence commercial where the girl is puking 	disgust
	it's one thing to dream of like a model or something but not of your neighbor  ugh people just me	disgust
	I really hate ugly dyke bitches! You have a vagina for a reason  	disgust
	Horrible experience Never going back  	disgust
	That's like making children talk bad about the other parent in the divorce :( Kids are NOT your ammo Tools! 	disgust
	Walking doesn't count as working out It barely counts as moving 	disgust
	btches love to ruin ah Happy  just remember to leave me an mine alone !    Goodmorning Twitter	disgust
	Walk in the Barbershop and guys look at me like i'm a piece of meat	disgust
	I think it's about time I delete my dad off facebook Too many status' regarding masturbating 	disgust
	just found the nastiest girl group picture ever on facebook  	disgust
	YouTube: my comments belong to me not you That means I should have teh rightr to delete them if I wish 	disgust
	Ur hair is soo greasy dude shower 	disgust
	Can't believe that the cyclist on bbc london news said he didn't think much of the ambulance guys that came to his rescue!  	disgust
	hahah I get to clean it up when people do that at my work 	disgust
	Ew dis unstable creature on steve wilkos is having sex wit her dad like she calling him her bf like ew 	disgust
	I hate nasty cooks if you working in a restaurant put a hair net on your head and gloves on your hands even if its not required 	disgust
	when you walk past someone and taste their bo 	disgust
	This   shit has me ready to delete my twitter Ignorance is contagious and I don't wanna risk catching it 	disgust
	Sometimes I go to Hooters and see the same ol dusty perverts that were there when I worked Just preying on naive young girls Smh 	disgust
	Youre discipline is a joke You are destroying NHL hockey Really? Youre going to suspend Sutton for a hit like that? 	disgust
	if I wasn't eating a granola right now I would have to pound you after that last tweet 	disgust
	Stop fucking callin me!     UGH!! you me!!!	disgust
	My aunty is such a cougar she was hitting on the teenage boy singing in Miss south pacificargh 	disgust
	junior girls got that freshman boy fever 	disgust
	I hate rude people! Just makes me feel sick and sorry for them 	disgust
	I Hate People With Crusty Nasty Lips 	disgust
	Nothing that infuriates me more than perverts I hope this man gets his head bashed in 	disgust
	Just saw the Jersey Shore season 5 preview Has Deena always looked this much like a troll? 	disgust
	That moment of pure when you stick your hand under your desk  you touched someone else’s old gum	disgust
	Ok I'm done for real only 30% of niggas circumcised anyway!! Dick be hard and still got saggy skin 	disgust
	Picture this Dark skinned fat guy w| a bright ass purple shirt   bright yellow pants  some bright ass purple shoes  	disgust
	That feeling when you know your slackin hard body on a shorty 	disgust
	Highly disturbed by this generation 	disgust
	Marc anthony fuckin rat 	disgust
	I wish everyone could see the look on the face of as she listens to 'Wait' from Ying Yang Twins for the first time 	disgust
	I knew there was a reason I don't eat sushi 	disgust
	I'm trying to watch Water for ElephantsI just cant! Makes me sick! Worse is to know it was true what was done to those animals! 	disgust
	Pple who jump to conclusions or make assumptions me all that can be avoided by simply ASKING questions	disgust
	I really can't believe all of the grown men that think it's ok or them to touch children I will kill anyone that touches my girls 	disgust
	How dare you make Ryan Gosling the 10th sexiest man of the year? Have you no eyes? Have you no taste?!   	disgust
	Waking up 45 minutes late Great idea 	disgust
	Good! I don't think any guys should watch themeven if they are trying to get it in by being a girl's Edward Cullen 	disgust
	Just saw a commercial for something called Forever Lazy which is essentially a snuggie one-piece sweatsuit Jesus  	disgust
	right!!! RT D11H:  RT -- ladies with mustaches smh atleast shave them pluck them wax them or some shit 	disgust
	The ridges on a penis head are actually there to scoop out the remnants left behind by another male 	disgust
	this girl has the kc computer lab smellin like straight tuna 	disgust
	Im so done with the freaking ignorant people that surround me at this school 	disgust
	Can't stand guys that lie to girls saying they don't have a girl 	disgust
	If I don't like someone they know it by my language body language and facial expressions because im bad I hiding 	disgust
	in a word Yes I nearly vomited all over my windscreen when I heard it on the rado 	disgust
	still can't believe this guy i used to talk to is gonna have a baby 	disgust
	That awkward moment when you behave as a child although you're a 1st-year-medical student  	disgust
	One thing I won't miss about high school: bathrooms 	disgust
	the abuse that Christie Wilt and Kelly Chaffin inflicted on their student is grounds to never work with children again 	disgust
	Seriously who gives a test Monday after fall break?? 	disgust
	Some people you will never begin to understand 	disgust
	oomf is in their their granny panties juggling thier booty 	disgust
	think about it ! a man lick a lady's head 	disgust
	matt wears so much cologne that you can smell it off his facebook pictures 	disgust
	Just finished watching Food INC Why hasn't there been more uproar over the way Monsanto controls the seeds?   	disgust
	Check lol RT DuhBB: RT I'm tryna get inside a black girl tho 	disgust
	Ewww that girl next to me was one of them spit when she talk kinda bitches Ughh they be the worst ones 	disgust
	ITS SAD HOW DEY KEEP KILLING  MOLESTING THESE CHILDREN!!! SMDH N 	disgust
	Love spending time with daddyuntil he starts farting 	disgust
	I need my uncle to keep his teeth in his mouth! 	disgust
	my uncles UWP free party and a whole set of labour ppl line up aredy!!! Smfh :/ 	disgust
	When I see your face It makes me wanna puke And more when I remember what happened almost a year ago! 	disgust
	I don't girls nowadays who talk to their friends like their talking to their husbands 	disgust
	i hate hearing my mom eat 	disgust
	There is a cat party next door and they meow like a pack of crying babies 	disgust
	Some hoes try too hard to get some simple attention put those boobs up 	disgust
	Every time I hear someone smack while I'm eating I lose my appetite 	disgust
	Why the hell do people think they are invisible when they pick their noses in the car? 	disgust
	Today I'm most Thankful for the fact I'm not a fat pig like 	disgust
	Isn't it shameful to be using vulgar language steeped in 'under the belt' flirt tactics/humour once you breach the age of 25? 	disgust
	not an inch of artistic talent there! is a more descriptive statement 	disgust
	EEEEEEWWW!!!!!! That was the nastiest laugh ive eva heard in my life!! Please dont do that again 	disgust
	What cop gives an eighty year old old old man a ticket?? Poor thing fell on his face in court!!  	disgust
	in fuckin with the african girl the cracker showed extreme weakness scary mutha-fuckas allow for no closure 	disgust
	MAKE NO MISTAKE:  makes absolutely shitty products that are designed to fucking fail after less than two years of use!  	disgust
	Why does it smell like throw up all over the school!?!? !!	disgust
	flicked on ITV to see janet or whoever killing Under the Bridge That's a song you just leave as it is!  	disgust
	True story: some guy hit on me at the  told me he'd pay me $70 to sleep with him and he'd buy me lunch 	disgust
	!!!!! Nasty gay ass RT Mz_NayNayBbyy: Now Why Would u Wanna Suck Ur Own D*** !! 	disgust
	I hate public transport I feel so dirty 	disgust
	wait my face today after school	disgust
	Teenage girls that have sex so young me	disgust
	Exactly and then has on superman underware and stars tattooed around his pelvic area 	disgust
	Made me go through hell when she and him were going through heaven 	disgust
	The 9:26am video from shows police aggressively pushing a crowd with a barricade when the crowd was not pushing back 	disgust
	The two people that get talked about the most in my Cross Cultural class are Lebron and Tebow  	disgust
	How ironic that the idiots who arrogantly claim to represent 99% of the populace are opposed by 99% of the populace?    	disgust
	I think it's time to move on and explore greener pasture Scouting for a new job What's a good company to work in?  	disgust
	Når jeg er på bussen tidlig en lørdagsmorgen og det stinker mat over alt 	disgust
	Oh for crying out loud Middlesex ahead now 	disgust
	This bitch to skinny to be identified as a fuckin' human o_	disgust
	I do not appreciate how oberweis delivered my milk/juice bottles  my juice bottles had old milk residue floating around in them 	disgust
	Supposedly ferry deckhands used security cameras to look up women's skirts? Why doesn't that surprise me  	disgust
	I hate the smell of bacon  	disgust
	I dressed nice today and mom wanted me to be slob? she's in again hahaha	disgust
	people just don't know when they've crossed a line Two people have died in those shootings How is that funny? 	disgust
	 cocky Dermstill a very big fan tho	disgust
	I can always count random tweet pictures to me	disgust
	When I hear people say marriage is hard I just think about how lazy they are! 	disgust
	Miss you're like 70 Button your blouse don't wanna see those tits  	disgust
	Just tried deep fried pickles for the first time 	disgust
	hate when disgusting old men hit on mee like reallly ! 	disgust
	I really HATE feet  They meigh  Like real talk  Now im really out 	disgust
	I just don't understand why some people have to turn simple things into huge ordeals that always end with everyone being pissed of 	disgust
	 lawyer I believe in his innocence What about the innocence of his victims? 	disgust
	Rick Perry is so damn ridiculous  	disgust
	UM I know how you feel bro Was up late last night drinking it and thought I was gonna die 	disgust
	Justin bieber is NOT electro hard bass Last fm is getting baaad with it 	disgust
	Hey Laguardia - trust me the feeling is totally mutual 	disgust
	I saw the program Man vs Food last night All I can say is I'm glad these establishments don't exist in England  	disgust
	Seriously does this guy think its right to leave his ear and nose hair to over grow to this extent 	disgust
	Fuck so many people smoke 	disgust
	“I'm not your second choice neither your backup plan So don't text me when you're bored” 	disgust
	Guys who talk about my body in a disrespectful way when they know I got a man me	disgust
	couldnt watch that scene on This Christmas smh 	disgust
	My cousin is cooking a pig head 	disgust
	Who the hell found our Facebook page using Bing and can I bar them from the premises for using Bing? 	disgust
	I hate pigs And I mean  the animals not gross people 	disgust
	This bitch at the mall today lmao 	disgust
	Everyone unfollow  she's a slut She puts her head in people coo-kaw's 	disgust
	Ugh  The illiteracy rate of Memphis  	disgust
	Lol your a creep evelyn RT _3v_: RT send me a pictureee	disgust
	Mean Girls 2 is the stupidest movie ever It shouldn't even be qualified to be a movie 	disgust
	Every time I see you it gives me a weird feeling in my stomach Oh wait no it just makes me want to throw up 	disgust
	that's really the risk here isn't it? That people won't lose the bigotry but learn to be quiter about it 	disgust
	Quite hypocritical considering that same member's comments about the racist don't you think??  	disgust
	This kid farted in front of me while I was taking my test 	disgust
	handshake? nah i'll pass i'd rather have no finger nails than those yellow horn plates you call 'nails' im out 	disgust
	Those people who eat loads of crappy food all the time and are still skinny as a stick me	disgust
	Morning breath and I haven't been to sleep 	disgust
	MT thelisagraves: OUR tax $$$ buying tear gas  repression so 1% who dont pay taxes dont have to hear dissent from 99% who do 	disgust
	i was so heart-broken when you looked back down in 	disgust
	Bitches like you me  bye man voice	disgust
	study study dun feel like it then what to do? EAT 	disgust
	Disgust and  are two of the great  that lead to change ~ Jim Rohn   	disgust
	If I tell yu something  I trust yu with it  yu fucc me over  consider us fighting on some real shit ! 	disgust
	its niggas too!!! This one nigga said period blood only make the pussy wetter o_O 	disgust
	 does just make me throw up a lil in my mouth 	disgust
	That awkward moment when you walk into your living room and two dogs are having sex 	disgust
	That got me feeling some kind of waylike is that the shit all niggas do?! 	disgust
	When people suck on their teeth  	disgust
	I was on my sister phone then iopened the wrong text message by accident and read something eww D !	disgust
	SmileyBasim: Dont send me a picture after 2 am if you aint butt nekkid 	disgust
	To be a good college coach do you have to molest children?  	disgust
	Wats worse dan makin pea salad Eatin it 	disgust
	Some people have no class or self respect it's a shame 	disgust
	ha! That headline made me laugh  	disgust
	Lol when people like one We the Kings song and are IN LOVEEE with them and I've known them since about '05 '06 You people me	disgust
	Cynthia and her sister getting into it over Peter She just need to drop that leech 	disgust
	I hate watching fat old ladies munch on sunflower seeds 	disgust
	hahaha love that tweet Ha why do we hate him so much	disgust
	You see couples PDAing on campus and want to push them through the archway  	disgust
	My grandma was doing a lot of laughing last night !!! My granddaddy must have touched her wet spot 	disgust
	Jackie does the ABSOLUTE MOST ugh she makes me sick 	disgust
	 has no ideology just max out profits blindly Individuals no longer matter! 	disgust
	The racist woman on the tram made a fool of herself what an ignorant idiot  to swear infront of your little child like that smh! 	disgust
	at the end of the day its still staff being assaulted and injured 	disgust
	yuck! Twitter don't need to know about your period life ma'am! 	disgust
	Ewww  Ya Grind Prolli A Messss ! & years yu havent been to da dentist  !!	disgust
	leave a milk cup on my window sill ONE MORE TIME!  This time instead of cottage cheese we got jello 	disgust
	If my OG votes republican in 2012 I will snap her neckPlus I just found out she voted for bush both terms	disgust
	This cat is hooping in a famous hat  fila's  	disgust
	I absolutely positively strongly detest Eli Manning 	disgust
	sorry boutcha she has made it pretty clear that she doesn't do va jay jays along with butts/poop and puke! 	disgust
	It is so nasty seeing someones bare feet on the dashboard	disgust
	Girls that try to be niggas me U wasnt born wit a dick so ull neva be a nigga	disgust
	the leading republican presidential candidate would want a fence on the mexican/us border he's prob for segregation too 	disgust
	“!!!!! Nasty gay ass RT Mz_NayNayBbyy: Now Why Would u Wanna Suck Ur Own D*** !! ”	disgust
	The conversation that and I are having on  is simply EPIC 	disgust
	It is true Washington lifted the ban on horse slaughter for human consumption  My heart just sank   	disgust
	Eww I hate hearing people eat Sitting in a room with three people eating plus two dogs = 	disgust
	Why Mariah Carey has allowed Justin Bieber to defecate all over her perfectly good song is beyond me 	disgust
	Okay BigBangTheory you had a chance but you just had to go and quote the Green Lantern oath incorrectly Blackest not darkest 	disgust
	this movies disgusting why the fuck am I even watching it lmfao how to eat fried worms 	disgust
	Keep it classy  fans you boo at the first lady and her kids?!?come on!! 	disgust
	No offense to any cigarettes smokers but honestly i don't get it It does nothing but harm to you its gross and everywhere on campus 	disgust
	Its a  when the creepy guy at the bar keeps staring at you and making googly eyes 	disgust
	 are overprotected in France 5 years of prison for 40 sex assaults underage  	disgust
	Brb smashing my tv to pieces 	disgust
	WHY THE FUCK IS THIS MALL SO PACKED AT 2:36 AM?! I keep saying 'fuck you' to randoms with the face of -_-	disgust
	I FUCKING HATE PUBLIC  SCHOOL BATHROOMSSSSS !! Themm shitsss ME !	disgust
	tyannas_WORLDxo: b*tches don't be washing their hands when they leave the bathroom !Ewwwwwww fuck	disgust
	I Hate Monkey See Monkey Do ME	disgust
	 but I absolutely just hated the smell of the bathroom that I was just in it smelled like tangy coochies! 	disgust
	I Am So Fascinated With The  Experience | Why? | He Is Hilarious! | His Behavior Was/Is Obnoxious  It Lent To Parody! | 	disgust
	Is that to make up for the hope lost by rogue employers being able to sack them for no reason for 2 yrs Shame on you! 	disgust
	miss czranecka gets her math sheets off of polish websites and just translates them to english that's why they don't make sense 	disgust
	shud have put kambli in some reality showhe wud got wt he's craving for right now!   ! 	disgust
	Forgot my water bottle in my car so I spent $2 on a Dasani only to dump it and fill it with tap water 	disgust
	Lot of  for the  staff sweeping roads in the morningsand for ppl who litter and hv their pets defecate on the roads	disgust
	Ppl who smoke er'day er'day but idk how cuz you dont have a job! Getting hits of of other ppl weed!  me!	disgust
	idont like people that don't wash their hands when they need to 	disgust
	They need to make a separate locker room for women that feel the need to show their chuckles and ta tas to the world with no shame 	disgust
	Lamar Odom? Seriously? One of the worst pick ups in recent history And now the Kardashians will be in Dallas 	disgust
	18+ deo ad! One of the worst in the history of ad making!  *gags*  	disgust
	that girls a WHORE RT iSlapHoes_2_Slp: Candy deep throat is just a regular bitch who is extremly open about her love to suck penis	disgust
	ew seriously if your dog peed on your jacket please do not wear it on the bus! 	disgust
	He's on Nancy Grace while the city is looking for his daughter 	disgust
	Can't stand helping people and their mouth Mouth smells like ass 	disgust
	my problem is your rudeness mate 	disgust
	You KNOW u a girl You KNOW u play ball Shave ur underarms and double up on deOde 	disgust
	Now you know your bathroom is dirty when someone rather use a public bathroom instead of yours 	disgust
	how can some take a picture of themselves half naked when they knw their figure is not in the right place  	disgust
	UNHATE campaign is probably the kiss of death for  	disgust
	Ugh typos in tweets really ruin the you're whole day  	disgust
	its like a horse you have a bad taste in animals 	disgust
	 this is not freedomthis is some weird crap in ur head Yekhrebet el  :S 	disgust
	“teemabeema: You dudes that eat girls out when they're on their periodsyall meI mean that from the depth of my soul” 	disgust
	lmaooomf is in their their granny panties juggling thier booty 	disgust
	I'm fine with those but any others have to do die on sight! 	disgust
	I don't mind the odd close to the bone joke But txt jokes about Gary Speed are bang out of order 	disgust
	 why wouldn't you? I saw the documentary Those beautiful WBC girls sound evil when they cackle about being glad ppl die 	disgust
	I just found out that my sister was going to regift a present and give it to me for Christmas A gift that I originally gave her 	disgust
	Texas offense wouldn't make it through 5A playoffs Since Colt hurt in '09 BCS it's been a travesty 	disgust
	after i decide to get a coffee bc i look like a zombie our class gets cancellled now im mad hyper 	disgust
	Wow listening to guys give advice to their friends  	disgust
	Why is it that when my roommate is here the dorm room smells REALLY weird? D: 	disgust
	why would anyone purchase something you had an artistic input on? 	disgust
	Heard the toilet flush and this girl walked straight out the restroom I know for a fact that she didn't wash her hands 	disgust
	it's better not to share the egg and kid part haha =P	disgust
	Ewww people at BP are so smelly dirty !! Some kid threw up in his locker jus str8 left it there for a whole weekend !! *____* 	disgust
	coach is eating pre game french onion soup reminds me of you always getting it at Trif's 	disgust
	all you ppl that eat octopus should be ashamed of yourselves 	disgust
	Are we really that far removed from other people who are in need? If I weren't in my car I would I have torn the crowd a new one 	disgust
	About to gargle this salt water 	disgust
	Such a shame to go from great hope several months ago to 	disgust
	Eating pizza was a mistake My stomach hurts really bad 	disgust
	every time you come near me or come talk to the people I'm talking to it makes want to murder you I don't want to see your face 	disgust
	My brother just saw Bananas In Pajamas on the tv planner we put it on and gasped in disgust at what we saw! WHAT IS THIS!  	disgust
	awckward moment when an ugly guy hits on me 	disgust
	that same whale telling a young girl to play with her 	disgust
	Damn! Mother Father and Son all stinky n musty Such a shame n sad situation Who will tell th other hey you need to shower smdh 	disgust
	i hate twitter spam 	disgust
	The  -  run  govn is in race for a  for max Financial losses Scams  U-turn on Decisions!! 	disgust
	My girlfriends know not to ever surprise me w/ a male stripper EVER! 	disgust
	your a huge fucking whore and you me!!!!!!!!!! 	disgust
	I guess we share the same idiotRT Nadia_Nabil: I think I need glasses Everywhere I look people are two-faced!! 	disgust
	 you tryed to kiss me in the club I'll just assume you had to much to drink Feeling the moment a little to much 	disgust
	The guy next to me on this flight must be wearing egg mcmuffin scented cologne 	disgust
	Noddy was being so messy at the game last Friday 	disgust
	i want ta party right now too bad my boyfriend is hated by all my friends 	disgust
	 RT kah_ay_tie: Honey HAHA RT kahreenahh: WHAT? I'm starvinggg RT kah_ay_tie: Guess what I'm eating Your fave	disgust
	What the fuck is the point of choosing not to excercise? To me it shows you have no self respect and a lack of ambition 	disgust
	THE JERRY SPRINGER SHOW ME	disgust
	!! RT YeahhKemp: Ughhhh I HATE Potato Salad  Macaroni Salad ! 	disgust
	I hope this  wakes people up!!! The country needs major improvements I think a third world country wouldve dealt better 	disgust
	Fear Factor is very disturbing with the things they make the contestants eatbull snout? 	disgust
	Wow I literally just lost ALL respect for you 	disgust
	 I really feel sick in my stomach right now 	disgust
	hello good morning in biology today I have to open one eye :s	disgust
	great movie Used to be one of my favorites until a she-devil ruined it 	disgust
	MrsWilliams needs to wear a spit guard when shes talking to students swear she just spit on my computer screen smfh 	disgust
	how do you expect me to have respect for you when you took advantage of a drunk girl 	disgust
	Haha for real! Seriously though he jumped in my lap with wet paws 	disgust
	 he told me his favorite music was COUNTRY music 	disgust
	The REAL walk of shame: When you toss a paper ball in the garbage miss then have to go get it  	disgust
	they're not making it?!!! But why Why would they give us hope then not make it? I mean that's just cruel 	disgust
	Agreed! RT Durrty_Diana: BOPPIN ASS DINGY ASS TRIFLIN ASS HOES ME agreed??	disgust
	I'm hungry!  the hotel tried to feed me nasty sausages this morning 	disgust
	your right its peter Hey what ya doin? This law and order sode is about child sex abuse that shits takin ova da media 	disgust
	When you see a fresh loogie out on the pavement on your way to class 	disgust
	My nephew iz a lil nasty wat kids lick bottom of shoes 	disgust
	fanuary Don b so disgusting Laura my god No female Wil get sponsorship from me for such a cause!! 	disgust
	 I have to say  you are a nasty greedy arsehole without conscience - how many dead and suffering from Bhopal? 	disgust
	I've been lonely before but some of you muhhfuckas be walking around with a Loner sign tatted on ya forehead 	disgust
	Wow people these days Stop being so selfish Your not the only person who matters on this earth 	disgust
	Taking showers in a danky motel room Nothing is worse I don't know what im going to miss more the jizz pillow or the hair towel 	disgust
	if i see another nigga wit my name and he aint crispy or cool i look at him in 	disgust
	Why do girls die there hair so blonde its white 	disgust
	ew its going to feel so awkward sitting next to someone you don't like 	disgust
	After my time here in college west I have come to the conclusion that asians like to include mold in their diet  	disgust
	Egg Nog late 	disgust
	Bloom is now a fucking Food Lion 	disgust
	I know the usual feeling of being wolf whistled is flattered But when its two old fat guys It feels more like a wave of 	disgust
	Idgaf how you cook it: deep fried oven baked smoked etc TURKEY IS THE DRIEST MEAT EVER!! gimme HAM any day!! 	disgust
	Hey now RT PecannSundae: He bout 50  his gf my age !!!!!!!!	disgust
	Ryan farted and it sounded like a motorcycle drove by Ewww! 	disgust
	 but I absolutely hate female bathrooms that smell like tangy coochies! 	disgust
	 When That Feeling In My Guts When From Butterflies to !	disgust
	the tear gas canisters that killed  and the 5day old girl in  was made in the USA 	disgust
	Also I believe that recently I have discovered another rare person that if introduced to I would say nope and walk away from 	disgust
	I would never talk to a girl that smokes : shoo hal wi95a haiyMyNameIsDana_: I Hate Smoking Girls !	disgust
	What's up with blue xmas lights? 	disgust
	On the bus home with rain and the darkness is hanging coming out for college! 	disgust
	There was a penny today in my food at Jack N The Box 	disgust
	not my fault practice right now haha!!  RT MrBreakTheBank: GTF! ✌RT LifeAsAdrian: your from Texas and you can't Jig?! Lol	disgust
	 a DAD burps really loud in a restaurant  shelbskaay	disgust
	And check me out using this nigga lingo the tweet before last  I gotta chill !	disgust
	 yu to hot to trot  ⬅ how farmers go smack now a days  	disgust
	jus dared me to c how long I cud go without shaving anythinghmmm! Dis is is nasty dare but let's see how long I go 	disgust
	maybe not if they hadn't make Rob sparkle like that in the film and kristen as bella 	disgust
	School The only place where drinking milk and eating pizza together is acceptable 	disgust
	This girl be trying to where these super tight clothes but has a big a$$ cold sore 	disgust
	Fat stank people ME	disgust
	TTK RT Check lol RT DuhBB: RT I'm tryna get inside a black girl tho 	disgust
	I don't like the boy I talk to mom! 	disgust
	That is the first time I have removed my red rag during a game 	disgust
	i cant even c myself even hittn the follow button to follow yo ignorant ass back! 	disgust
	Whoa O_O RT BarbieKinzZ: Facebook has turned into a platform for perveted men to freelyunshamefully like comment on porn!	disgust
	at least I am there every week lee is just homophobic No place for that kind of behaviour in this world 	disgust
	just walked in and i hear Nobody by keith sweat BLASTING upstairs	disgust
	ew I hate chapel hill mall 	disgust
	Ew just stepped on a mammoth size snail while trying to walk into my house Not really okay with that uhh yuck 	disgust
	I can't take disgusting conversation every morning I honestly wanna throw up 	disgust
	A Free Spirit is someone who wants to act like a whore and fool around with whoever is giving you the most compliments this week 	disgust
	Got halfway down the stairs realized my sister was still home came back upstairs 	disgust
	I'm pretty sure I'm the only weirdo left in the world that hates a home cooked meal 	disgust
	know how to deal with racism and goal line technology you Swiss bastard! 	disgust
	Me: A new accuser popped up today IronRose83: For Herman or Penn State? Me: It's sad that you're validly confused 	disgust
	 because vengeance is free but the price payed takes work 	disgust
	In some ways I've become the hypocrite I hate 	disgust
	So glad we still have Chamakh and Squillaci Someone explain to me how neither of them got on the end of that cross 	disgust
	I'd rather staple my eye lids shut than watch this garbage At least if my eyes are sewn shut I can pretend there's optimism afoot	disgust
	- Those damn hoes in Tyga's video just upset me I hope doing that video was worth it for them 	disgust
	you have to be powerwalkin like mug to have sum shit fall outcho PANTIES 	disgust
	Seriously?did I just read a paper sent by commander-in-chief of pak armed forces asking US to save him from his own  military? 	disgust
	Its cute all these guys saying i wish all you girls looked like that Dont fucking kid yourself bro you wouldn't have a shot 	disgust
	ok why the fuck is this girl getting into detail about this shit  	disgust
	Thinking while in bed crazy how close you were to someone and you look at them so differently 	disgust
	The mix of 1D and jls was justwords can't explain next level of 	disgust
	Ewwww the people on the other side of the certain of us are talking about boils in private areas! 	disgust
	i hope my mom forgets all about those pills and doesn't make me take them again tomorrow 	disgust
	eww ur nasty! Noodles with cheese and tuna 	disgust
	Hate some people It amazes me how many faces people can have  :/ 	disgust
	Me too he shouldve went to my KNICKS RT LaFemmeMarkita: I'm a lil upset about this Chris Paul/Laker deal 	disgust
	Just saw a commercial for some KFC chicken strips that come with 2 dips ~ some sauce  some fritos in a cup o_O 	disgust
	Sandusky's wife is sick in the head for defending her husband All those boys raped-molested and she defends him!!! 	disgust
	Yall heard abt that Penn State Coach molesting children ? 	disgust
	I would never let my future kids leave the house looking or smelling like half the kids in this school 	disgust
	 parents me! Lmao don't tell me shit u can't even raise a kid but wanna tell me how to live my life? Stfu stankin ass nigga	disgust
	And my point me remains dat da FATTEST chicks make the most noiseeeeeee!! Jah STFU 	disgust
	What is Chris brown thinkin with blonde hair 	disgust
	very much agreed It's pretty gross Especially with an online final you HAVE to make an A on 	disgust
	 hate when people spit while their talking to you 	disgust
	Feeling pretty awful And I really can't handle these pictures in my Patho book tonight 	disgust
	 every single human in India is assured security like Ajmal Kasab    	disgust
	Meh it's past eleven I hate you sleep! Why you no let me do you!?	disgust
	Raphael admitted on instagram he ate a whole box of chocolate today What a sicko  	disgust
	This past week on twitter has shown me how fake ppl are in ATL 	disgust
	I vowed never to stay over at a pl where thurs so much drama and weird vibes LMAOOOO 	disgust
	does that mean I don't have to watch 1 and 2 ?did u say u were able to do play wed ?replaced phone and lost data 	disgust
	I am slowly turning into hump   	disgust
	Straight up hoes in ferguson! girl bouncing from guy to guy in the auditorium 	disgust
	-- ladies with mustaches smh atleast shave them pluck them wax them or some shit 	disgust
	smh im really sad the only basketball i have to look forward too is march madness????  	disgust
	EWWWWWW THIS GIRL'S WEARING SEE THROUGH STOCKINGS I don't need to see your ass tyvm  	disgust
	You look like a damn hooker Put some clothes on! 	disgust
	As much as I 3 the steelers I cannot stand Big Ben 	disgust
	i don't understand why over weight people wear such tight clothes or let their belly hang over their jeans 	disgust
	First time ever 4 of 5 Top Albums in US are Canadian acts But those include Nickelback and Justin Bieber  	disgust
	Wow this is RT Fellas money can make a lot of these women do anything	disgust
	Young Pregnant hoes thats not about they biz me	disgust
	Its 7:30am!! And I can see your armpit sweat spreading on your top like a tidal wave!! Why the eff do U have Armpit sweat at 7:30!  	disgust
	just got told biggest LOL ever some people neevr change 	disgust
	I don't get how ppl drink coffee straight 	disgust
	Don't look at me think about me talk about me or ask about me Wowww whens this shit gnna end 	disgust
	sorrii azx bbii daddii'z ppl so not rite quit fukkn wit out a condom so hey man uhp	disgust
	If yall could have seen the total look of on my face Yall would have been like  wrong wit you?!?!?!	disgust
	Some I don't recognize But some is definitely Malian antelopes Egyptian scarabs Dammit I was enjoying this game 	disgust
	Don't even look in his eyes he'll take you nothing but lies He looks like a cool drink of water but he's candy coated misery 	disgust
	You treat your dick like it's the community lollipop 	disgust
	lookin up everyone's legal violations of course a person i looked up was exactly what I expected n all of their cases dismissed 	disgust
	Thinking about everything I ate today and wanting to vomit 	disgust
	Professor shawty smell like baby powder and ass crack 	disgust
	hey fuentes0509 lets go TROLLING! lmaaaaoooo (btw look at this guys bare crusty feet on our carpet! OMMFFFGGG !!!)	disgust
	S/O to all the people on the phone venting and ranting right now 	disgust
	Just seen the boy that used to sit next to me in class last year and scratch his balls 	disgust
	Just ate at the shadiest Chinese buffet and now I'm paying for it Eat that Kung pao cat meat 	disgust
	People talking bad about hoes is bad enough but when a girl is postin about how bad she is on FB you know good and well she a hoe 	disgust
	Now I am in a video showing someone popping what looks like an infected cyst YOUTUBE WHY?! BRAIN WHY WONT U STOP being so curious 	disgust
	Just laid down and realized I didn't brush my teeth all day but too tired to do it now	disgust
	girls that wear no underwear with there clothes me	disgust
	“ im bout to start fuckn wit super fat sloppy bitches onlyim talkin lift my belly to get the poon poon”	disgust
	TELL HIM D Indian Constitution does not take begging very kindly he he he 	disgust
	wow i love having a house at the end of a road with high foot traffic just had to remove a caesar salad off my front pathway 	disgust
	So Sandusky's lawyer says he is innocent Shame on all those young kids and boys making up such a story    me 	disgust
	Okay Ya lo encontré es algo asqueroso ynose wn quede en chok párese una infección mi Mamá me dejo traumada _	disgust
	I don't understand why girls drag their feet with heels on 	disgust
	I'm allergic to corn stop trying to offer me popcorn Also it's 8 am 	disgust
	and i fux wit dat adlib on we on   rii after jboe verse  	disgust
	Why does sex have to cross your mind? Cant you just think Omg hes really happy with his BF Nope You me Patethic really	disgust
	Icing on the top was the video Surreal  sickening It's interesting how things like this go viral 	disgust
	it made my skin crawl Does Sandusky WANT people to know he's guilty?  	disgust
	Oh how I hate the feeling of putting on a school uniform after a long break 	disgust
	PnP loses any sort of even remote association with credibility when it has a virulent goof like Flanagan on the show 	disgust
	No lady starbucks is not your fucking living room so put your shoes back on and sit up in that chair 	disgust
	guh n tha was in the cafe soo jus imagine how i felt o_O 	disgust
	drunk people talking about how people with specific fetishes are disgusting well i'm disgusted 	disgust
	Way to blow a 3 goal lead Devils 	disgust
	 you got all them extra piercings started acting dumber and pulled out that cigarette  	disgust
	The awkward moment when you have a little crush on Mr Biss 	disgust
	Maybe one day I'll be able to watch Breaking Dawn with my eyes open the whole time 	disgust
	If I never had to see that couple of virgin diaries kiss again I would be the happiest person alive 	disgust
	Guys that are married  still act like they single me	disgust
	Eww hair stuck on bathroom stall with split ends!!! 	disgust
	Ugh need to drop oomf she's simply a waste of space 	disgust
	So my room ranks  I think it's my roommate's food under her bed 	disgust
	and taking my freedom any time they so choosewhich is essentially what was approved in senate just days ago	disgust
	Did you know there's a remake of The Wicker Man?! Is nothing sacred? 	disgust
	I found the most hurtful judgement to be with a look not  words 	disgust
	School food is a letdown 	disgust
	people with trashy tattoos me seriously that has no meaning?	disgust
	broke bitches so  me gave that bitch a ride got the continental dusty trust me i keep a couple 100s in the duffffy	disgust
	Go take your band of trashy cronies and have sex in some rank cave somewhere out of my sight  	disgust
	I just tweeted about the pipeline Having Canada sell its oil to China upsets me more than even Obamacare 	disgust
	Papa JOHNS  Pizza HUT  Dominos  	disgust
	Forever seeing sappy love quotes on every social networking site i go on  	disgust
	The steelers are such a dirty team  and their QB is a rapist 	disgust
	! RT _DynastyP:  Kiss more than one person in the mouth -____-	disgust
	I promise I just got a text saying when u gone let me get u pregnant The fuck wrong wit ppl? 	disgust
	he just needs to admit we are in love did you see his face?? 	disgust
	the awkward moment when an 'ex' calls u 'sis' WTF? Don't even go there fool! 	disgust
	more often then not  mehh they really think there cute tho  good luck with the next girl coz !!!	disgust
	Where's that flawless Serena tweet about Seriously hope our paths never cross again? MY LIFE RIGHT NOW 	disgust
	My alarm click just said alarm will sound in 1 1/2 hours    ?	disgust
	 why do I always run into the same gross student? 	disgust
	I hate those snotty T shirts that parents buy for their little kids 	disgust
	I dont know why but i hate Jessie J! y cuando la comparan con Gaga ¬¬ 	disgust
	U drink pickle juice like water RT dani_boii: Mhmmmm :) hahaha & laureeetah: Pickles  mayo 	disgust
	Im so bored in this class that im actually counting the dandruff on this boys head im getting him shampoo for christmas lol	disgust
	some dick just called this obviously homosexual guy a fag and i wanted to stuff a hammer in his face 	disgust
	Seriously CNN? You just gave David Addington a platform to question Pres candidates as if he's some moral authority?  	disgust
	Me- If I was a puppet I'd be a marionette Him- I could make you a hand puppet Statements like this make me wish I were gay 	disgust
	This girl next to me smell like a sour cucumber 	disgust
	What you did today at the game was absolutely disgusting You're going to lose the state of Nebraska  	disgust
	I gag in myself wenever i hear my parents say sexci =/ 	disgust
	Seriously when are girls gonna stop dressing like sluts? Don't need 2 post  a picture in a dress that literally was painted on u 	disgust
	Blah I have 4 more hours of work 	disgust
	Just accidentally allowed my skink to lick my tongue because I was mimicking her way too close to her face	disgust
	Eva Mendes? REALLY? I've lost hope in humanity Ryan Gosling you broke my heart 	disgust
	absolute disgrace to world football! No idea ! In it for the money not the love of the game ! Racism talks are a joke 	disgust
	ewww! just sharted!! lord help this child get this demon out her please!	disgust
	When all food seems tastelessand stomach growls at each breath so ur left with no choice but to take it all in	disgust
	I love a girl with thick skin but when you're talking to your man  you say nigga in every sentence  	disgust
	Who eats bananas wit pizza?! 	disgust
	You DUMB FUCKING BITCH!!!! Why is it that out of you and your two 3year-olds YOU are the one sucking your thumb?! The fuck!!! 	disgust
	He asked was it THAT BAD I said I'm afraid so it was fucking HORRIBLE 	disgust
	drugs are bad i dont like when people brag about doing them! 	disgust
	so funny how we all claim to play for the same team while others have secret agenda's and only halla when they need u 	disgust
	Lol that nasty bitch reminds me of Bobby's ex girlfriend  hoodrat 	disgust
	Its all your FAULT that went home You knew she outsung Marcus ugh 	disgust
	hat awkward moment when your teacher thinks brett favre is hot 	disgust
	Girl wearing purple cowboy boots and a camo backpack on campus 	disgust
	the drink my mom gave me to get rid of this cold  	disgust
	Oo the other week our History group sat in a court case with child abuse The mother got 6 years  the boyfriend got 4 and a half 	disgust
	Thank God I don't get the NFL network so I don't have I watch this shit  	disgust
	people who make fun of other people to make themselves feel better just me	disgust
	when I was young I would lick sticks of butter the doc told my mom that it's normal I look back now  wanna puke! 	disgust
	I don't understand what goes through these people heads when they decide to touch children and take their innocence away Straight 	disgust
	I was the best gf and the only one to deal with your bullshit you may get hotter but good luck with anything else with how you are 	disgust
	We are watching that video of that girl getting beat by her father who is a judge 	disgust
	If I find YO panties in my Laundry Basket  you had Skid Marks inside them????? That's   	disgust
	“kayls12390: Dutch apple bagel with salmon cream cheese - choice of breakfast I guess that'll wake your taste buds up 	disgust
	So our screening has been cancelled to make way for a third simultaneous screen of   Screw you Vue 	disgust
	Smells like shit asshole and vomit in the staircase I use the most  	disgust
	Juss read the article A Letter to the GangBangers n it made me sick 2 ma stomach its really sickening	disgust
	fat guy singing to katy perry on youtube = 	disgust
	I haven't listened to the radio in so long and after 5 mins of it now I know why again 	disgust
	U laughn I'm dead ass serious «“_Born2Grind: Broke niggas me ewwwww”ctfu»	disgust
	U mad???? RT couldnt watch that scene on This Christmas smh 	disgust
	I hope for America that the American Music Awards don't really represent American music   	disgust
	Westbound for Wamego to watch the Jayhawks game with a bunch of wildcats? 	disgust
	I don't miss her I miss who I thought she was!!! :) Good on Ya!!!  :)	disgust
	heard screaming infidelities last night made me wanna be at the bar witchu oh wait no whores were there 	disgust
	I can still feel the last patron shot in my throat 	disgust
	I'm honesty ashamed to be living in the same state as Penn State I can't even imagine being a student there expect respect 	disgust
	was that a period poop? it definitely smelled like a period poop 	disgust
	“missdanido: At the movies in the same room that I got my first kiss   ha! I don't want to hear about those memories!	disgust
	Porque sera que en la vida las decepciones están a la orden del día? 	disgust
	Those broads that posted the video of them kicking down a pregnant lady downtown toronto They me  	disgust
	Except that corporations operate w/ either avarice or calculated coldness Fundamentally w/out human compassion 	disgust
	Am pretty sure the guy beside M̶̲̅ε̲̣  simply wokechanged his shirt and trouserstook his books and den headed down here	disgust
	Wow  is high and he just ate some chicken off of N Hubbards lounge floor 	disgust
	I really forgot how bland cafeteria food can be Green beans that taste like paper = 	disgust
	Facebook finally beating Twitter in terms of gas TV commentary  	disgust
	Boobs don't count if you're fat  in pictures 	disgust
	itry to avoid public restrooms as mush as possible they are soo repulsive 	disgust
	I love Chelsea's face when she talks on the phone to David 	disgust
	guess ill watch this sorry ass steelers game 	disgust
	On a side note white people who overuse the word 'niggas' are trash   	disgust
	Just threw up in my mouth People are disgusting  	disgust
	Artiste Masculin International : Justin Bieber James Blunt Enrique Iglesias Mika Sean Paul Pitbull On va s'arrêter là 	disgust
	EXAM EXAM EXAM 	disgust
	it is I laugh everyday at some people They me	disgust
	totally so the fucking man as long as Jesus forgives you anythings okay 	disgust
	It is a  Dani_Coupet: Wow this is RT Fellas money can make a lot of these women do anything	disgust
	i really need to start unfollowing people people meeee	disgust
	I have yet to see a day go by where I don't see Aly Antocha on my timeline… WHY DOES SHE EVEN EXIST? 	disgust
	I'm never ever speaking to that figure of a man again! me	disgust
	This bus smell like sweaty white men 	disgust
	This bus smell like straight FISH !! 	disgust
	 no matter where you go it smells like cigarette smoke 	disgust
	There's a freaking limit to how desi you can get in a foreign country 	disgust
	I hate that commercial on MTV with the girl barfing Like dude I was eating  it popped out !	disgust
	That corny shit played out b You done killed that shit 6 moons ago 	disgust
	 Shot in front of their families? Actually don't think I'd like to watch my mam die!  	disgust
	I hate crazy ex's Like for real dude shoot yourself It's been 2 years 	disgust
	Now I know how she felt when we hit right into a selfish person spot on 	disgust
	Black is no longer beautiful to the masses in world where we are surronded by artificial hair bleached skin and fake asses 	disgust
	“kearycolbert: Boo-c-l-a will represent the South as the PAC-12 South Champs Hahaha What a Joke!!!!”lmaoo I sense pure utter 	disgust
	you can stop blasting your screamo music at the bus stop before i take your ipod and throw it in the road 	disgust
	Don't Yu hate when ppl think Yu sub tweetin them ughme	disgust
	Then there are those obbz who offer you a shot in return for a lap dance 	disgust
	Ugly un straightened teeth me  like if your teeth are like not EVEN close to straight  yet  close it please (:	disgust
	Some people actually say 'my bit' instead of 'my girlfrend/whatever' It's such a geordie thing 	disgust
	Cow hearts in physiology this Friday? 	disgust
	And why is this white girl talkin like a hood rar? 	disgust
	Females who give it up on the first night are dirty!! ~~ yall gotta have more respect for yaself man!!	disgust
	This girl always had a stuffy nose  as opposed to just getting a tissue she sucks her snot up	disgust
	y do females let ex's run them into a lonely ass whole while he still out doin homei dnt kno if i shud smh at him or her 	disgust
	Please PLEASE do not chew gum while you're teaching I'm literally about to be sick  	disgust
	BOPPIN ASS DINGY ASS TRIFLIN ASS HOES ME agreed??	disgust
	So it looks lke the Nuggets are taking over altitudetv Does that mean the Avs will be pushed to Altitude 2 for most game? 	disgust
	Damn I need a car bad I hate to be smelling a persons body odor Its 	disgust
	Having to see someone you don't like on a regular basis - 	disgust
	Rollin on offense this drive then a bad f'n call! 	disgust
	Dad close the door when you piss No one wants to hear you're waterfall 	disgust
	when guys wear tight skinny jeans  blblbl 	disgust
	Whoevere let they're nasty ass dog shit In the middle of the Pavement is dirty as shit ! They have no morals what so ever ! Ew ! me	disgust
	Just watched a grown man belittle his mother in public 	disgust
	lol thats rude RT KRISTINDI0R: still can't believe this guy i used to talk to is gonna have a baby 	disgust
	I'm a huge vampire fan but the twilight series is unbelievable crap! 	disgust
	You are a whiner RT Ok kewllllll 3 day of rain now it's snowing 	disgust
	I can hear my dog farting in sync with her snoring Good thing I'm sick and stuffy 	disgust
	Professor Green is such an Eminem wannabe And Eminem was crap to begin with Oh dear 	disgust
	Horrible experience today toysrus! Waited forever for something simple that I ended up doing anyway!  	disgust
	People from grade school need to grow the fuck up Sorry you're lives are going nowhere have fun with your boring pathetic lives 	disgust
	Watching this tv show this nigga talkin about bein a player  such  suchBYE!!!! 	disgust
	LA Offers Occupiers Housing Office Space Farmland Why??? Because   whines that there are rich people and it's not fair? 	disgust
	i don't think John Lennon even trended today did he? 	disgust
	It's time people grow up and deal with their problems instead of drinking and smoking them away  	disgust
	 The sacking continues Similar to catholic cospiracies 	disgust
	lmfao yeah when you ask bout them ppl look at you with like they ate something bad	disgust
	Literally discussing shit in class 	disgust
	I just texted this ( to somebody on accident and just realized I got a new found emotion lol	disgust
	Life is full of fake peoplBefore you judge them	disgust
	eww my moms starting to make her annual rum cake for the whole ramdyal/ally family fml fml fml the smelll 	disgust
	This covo in the car is so funny about dudes fucking dudes in the hood 	disgust
	EWWW Why is Matt Lewis saying that? “Mattdavelewis: Very pleased with that She's tidy Good work British public ”	disgust
	You me I've never been more hurt by one person never been treated like that But I did it to myself I'm the one to blame	disgust
	The fact that wedding makes headlines and provides that pathetic excuse of a celebrity with more money makes me sick 	disgust
	Watching and listening to people eat me	disgust
	The part where she drinks the blood is 	disgust
	I'm sorry my blanket isn't comfortable enough for you that kid isn't  so what if he eats his scabs	disgust
	When I tweet something stupid as fuck everyone retweets it? 	disgust
	Holy shit I just weighed myself for the first time since before college  I put on 13 pounds in a semester Pure in myself	disgust
	If your a girl and you smoke alot of weed you me	disgust
	I Really Dislike Natural AFFness I don't mind ina jokey way or a couple words here  there but PROPER AFF 	disgust
	maybe its a good Idea 2 recall our  in   send them back their ambassador in till things Calm Down 	disgust
	id say first haha cause your real and most beautiful girls these days are fake as fuck 	disgust
	The awkward moment when you wake up with a snake wraped around your hair 	disgust
	Can parents teach kids how to cover their mouths when they cough? Ewah 	disgust
	Dear Twitter You homepage now looks like one of those fake pages you get when u misspell a URL FIX IT! -Kevin 	disgust
	tweet dengan artis macam tweet sorang2  xkuase nak tweet dengan artis  	disgust
	Now I have an upper back pull! GreatI feel like a contortionist who couldn't get anything right 	disgust
	I'm not one for that sand shit but big har I heard you got a lot of it 	disgust
	Because it's true? RT Dani_Coupet: Wow this is RT Fellas money can make a lot of these women do anything	disgust
	No you blowing your cigarette smoke in my face is not sexy  	disgust
	Hate public transportation  	disgust
	So I'm outside sitting n my car and a fag just walked by my car and said  fish I can't wait to spend around on that nigga dick  	disgust
	thinking of you as a man makes nasal snorting heavy breathing noises at the airport Why does this always happen to us?!? 	disgust
	Not gonna lie Some people's morals  values completely me	disgust
	It is in NO way about stomach cramps! Feeling of pure with my stomach	disgust
	Ever since gettin into a heated argument with my ARA I walk by her office and give her the dirtiest look 	disgust
	just as MLK fought for blacks to have EQUAL rights so do homosexuals According to the bible we should still own slaves! 	disgust
	Silva on the bench in such a vital game !? This proves the strength in depth City have 	disgust
	Oh and to the 4 sluts behind us at the game you guys are only remotely attractive when your shirts are off 	disgust
	Been eating chocolate for a year this weekend 	disgust
	! RT TheLovelyShanel: I FUCKING HATE PUBLIC  SCHOOL BATHROOMSSSSS !! Themm shitsss ME !	disgust
	suck my fucking dick!  	disgust
	I hate these hipsters that are occupying Wall Street Get a job! 	disgust
	I agree shocking management needs to have consequences! We will not be renewing our Box tickets for 2012 Season! 	disgust
	Hahaha! He is prolly ordering Rock Bitch right fucking now 	disgust
	That feeling of being LIED to then hearing another LAME LIE when you ask about the first LIE!!! 	disgust
	Mi primo kiere ligar con una bolsa de dulces de rapunsel en la mano 	disgust
	Agree!!  RT ohTiaMia_: How can someone be kissing on more than one person at a one time 	disgust
	How some people live with the choices they have made is beyond me 	disgust
	if you are addicted to sex  omg i'm so horney and have a picture of yourself naked on twitter you are not allowed to follow me 	disgust
	The  Saga Soundtracks: Ruining indie music by exposing it to fake teenage fangirls since 2008! 	disgust
	 was 9 for 20 and no passing tds How does that encourage his rabid cult following? 	disgust
	Right about now I wouldn't mind feeling like an idiot for getting mad when there was nothing wrong but I know better 	disgust
	my sister got this purse It smell like straight up KITTY LITTER 	disgust
	Some things some girls need to keep to theirselves This isn't your personal diary nor is it your best friend 	disgust
	me keepin' It tight   your pussy lookin like pastrami 	disgust
	sad thing is I was ready to say good job Knicks but not these Knicks fans 	disgust
	I love you! Your crazy!(:lmao And he is such a effin liar and now he's getting in my nerves! -PS Not Justin3	disgust
	when a boy asks ' can I do the shocker?' you know he's mentally unstable 	disgust
	I gave up on Tina Fey when she defended her colleague's violent homophobia 	disgust
	yo gurl ur feet smell like da worst thing I've ever shoved up my nose on a friday night that's pretty awful ?	disgust
	Aw how cute ^^ RT keepingupw_Liz: dude my parents just came back from a one week vacation  they're still all over eachother 	disgust
	wow dude that sad! RT this if you want the messages to stop! 	disgust
	Ppl that wear sneakers with suits and claim the walk to work is their daily exercise u me	disgust
	Watching this T Pain video This man is sick  	disgust
	Never eating beef chicken or anything involving some sort of meat! 	disgust
	yeah weird stuff Jesus dancing 'running man' Devil tells me it looks funny but i try hard not to laff 	disgust
	Eurgh ! So disgusting a guy found a dead decomposed bird in a salad bought from  ! OML !!!!!	disgust
	You think you've seen it all And then a man sit next to you on the overground and flosses his teeth with pleasure -- 	disgust
	just saved $70 bucks on blu ray DVDs at Walmart ) i love black Friday	disgust
	Uuuugh 7 week old weave!!!!! Now that's just nasty!!!!! 	disgust
	I'm feeling like  This drink taste like flowers  	disgust
	Whats with the rising trend of posting porn pictures and disturbing images on facebook?freedom has limits 	disgust
	times people get corrected based on right information posted What do you think of TOI promoting Irfan for Aus? 	disgust
	Popping my  cherry + sitting outside Best Buy It smells like straight up PISS 	disgust
	When I walk in on my dad taking a poop  lol lock the door	disgust
	Eye for an eye Tooth for a tooth 	disgust
	Rappers do Remixes not Covers You're really just gonna take someone's flow word for word? You me	disgust
	So fucking pissed off Fuck bum ass low life's  every single one of you me!	disgust
	okay you can't say chipped after that you're officially dismissed from this convo after that statement 	disgust
	A woman is accused of stabbing her husband cutting his body parts up  cooking him -__- 	disgust
	I absolutely hate lady gaga katy perry  nicki minaj's style!!!   me	disgust
	Modern conceptions of love disgust me     	disgust
	oh i got so fucked up last night but ur 15 tho  where the hell are ur parents  they probably only 25 	disgust
	In car with an uncle he sneezes the loudest I've ever heard The car started smelling like sneeze couldn't stop gagging  	disgust
	After you fk a ugly chick that looks like a little boy I wouldn't mess w you anyways 	disgust
	The male gender is way too emotional these days Stop whining crying and confessing your love on social networks 	disgust
	Everytime I see your face I want to vomit You have no idea how much you me Shady boyyy move schoooolssssss Thanks :)	disgust
	These Dayton sewers reek of Pizza Hut 	disgust
	I cant stand a fake ass bitch/niggaugh	disgust
	Some fucking gross guy at my house is cutting our turkey and I'm watching him touch every single piece and he didn't wash his hands 	disgust
	You don't deserve to use a Twitter 	disgust
	BREAK YO' SELF NIGG I DON'T WANNA SEE YO' GOODIES -_____- abaaabyy	disgust
	- whattttt!!! Uou crazy! RT SoloDolo254: “omgitstphat: These white castle sliders tho” -_- 	disgust
	Yall dont understand how much mr Encalades room STINKS! Like im not even kidding  ! (The kids not him)	disgust
	My gosh zainab is tooo stupid Ugh 	disgust
	too bad when the feelings wash up I feel nothing but 	disgust
	Religious?!!! Hah!! That's fake bull-shit!! And condemning taboos never made any difference but made things worse!! 	disgust
	lol That was crazy ! Now that was just lotion imagine if it was somethin Bigger she couldn't stand the smell of 	disgust
	I always have a nose spot on my cup of coffee's cover :)	disgust
	You gotta leave something to the imagination Girls need more class nowadays 	disgust
	I hate when girls in soccer rub up all against you dude we are not playing basketball theirs a huge field 	disgust
	I was hardly a km away when d incident happenedCant get over it!Calcutta didnt learn anything even after d Stephen Court episode 	disgust
	treadmill stress test 	disgust
	Its not  anymore Take care of your wiley body hair You shouldn't have been doing that shit in the first place 	disgust
	i hate you with a burning passion  	disgust
	EW You'll drink a cherry coke but not a diet coke? 	disgust
	I remember the first time I seen that Blue Waffle pic 	disgust
	Ew- why is my dad's yard worker being such a creep ! 	disgust
	 the shit out of every racist person on earth They  me	disgust
	Lieing about your mum being dead is as low as you can get 	disgust
	ewwwwe McDonald's is soooo I'm so anti McDonald's and they're to expensive and don't even fill u up 	disgust
	Krallice's new album is awesome why was I such a fool to pass this up earlier this year  	disgust
	Jaguars had like 4 monday night football games 	disgust
	 because we know everybody likes their fair share of insider information Isn't that right 	disgust
	So I was at work and I was emptying the trash in the women's bathroom Why did I find a tube of Vagisil on the floor??? 	disgust
	What the fuck is wrong with you people?!! 	disgust
	ps there no spider nests in your car is there? If there is then I'll be driving not you hahaha 	disgust
	My Spanish teacher just farted  tried to play it off smh hahaha 	disgust
	I saw a childhood boyfriend yesterday 	disgust
	is how I'm feeling while watching two below-average scrambling QB's play some of the worst football imaginable ?	disgust
	I'm making Tia watch a Serbian filmHAAAAA       : A Serbian Film is a family movie	disgust
	At wssu looking at this sorry ass excuse for a volleyball game LOL smh 	disgust
	Your sister was just hoe'in up on the black kid andre 	disgust
	eww my moms starting to make her annual rum cake for the whole ramdyal/ally family fml fml fml the smelll 	disgust
	This covo in the car is so funny about dudes fucking dudes in the hood 	disgust
	EWWW Why is Matt Lewis saying that? “Mattdavelewis: Very pleased with that She's tidy Good work British public ”	disgust
	You me I've never been more hurt by one person never been treated like that But I did it to myself I'm the one to blame	disgust
	The fact that wedding makes headlines and provides that pathetic excuse of a celebrity with more money makes me sick 	disgust
	Watching and listening to people eat me	disgust
	The part where she drinks the blood is 	disgust
	I'm sorry my blanket isn't comfortable enough for you that kid isn't  so what if he eats his scabs	disgust
	When I tweet something stupid as fuck everyone retweets it? 	disgust
	Holy shit I just weighed myself for the first time since before college  I put on 13 pounds in a semester Pure in myself	disgust
	If your a girl and you smoke alot of weed you me	disgust
	I Really Dislike Natural AFFness I don't mind ina jokey way or a couple words here  there but PROPER AFF 	disgust
	maybe its a good Idea 2 recall our  in   send them back their ambassador in till things Calm Down 	disgust
	id say first haha cause your real and most beautiful girls these days are fake as fuck 	disgust
	The awkward moment when you wake up with a snake wraped around your hair 	disgust
	Can parents teach kids how to cover their mouths when they cough? Ewah 	disgust
	Dear Twitter You homepage now looks like one of those fake pages you get when u misspell a URL FIX IT! -Kevin 	disgust
	tweet dengan artis macam tweet sorang2  xkuase nak tweet dengan artis  	disgust
	Now I have an upper back pull! GreatI feel like a contortionist who couldn't get anything right 	disgust
	I'm not one for that sand shit but big har I heard you got a lot of it 	disgust
	Because it's true? RT Dani_Coupet: Wow this is RT Fellas money can make a lot of these women do anything	disgust
	No you blowing your cigarette smoke in my face is not sexy  	disgust
	Hate public transportation  	disgust
	So I'm outside sitting n my car and a fag just walked by my car and said  fish I can't wait to spend around on that nigga dick  	disgust
	thinking of you as a man makes nasal snorting heavy breathing noises at the airport Why does this always happen to us?!? 	disgust
	Not gonna lie Some people's morals  values completely me	disgust
	It is in NO way about stomach cramps! Feeling of pure with my stomach	disgust
	Ever since gettin into a heated argument with my ARA I walk by her office and give her the dirtiest look 	disgust
	just as MLK fought for blacks to have EQUAL rights so do homosexuals According to the bible we should still own slaves! 	disgust
	Silva on the bench in such a vital game !? This proves the strength in depth City have 	disgust
	Oh and to the 4 sluts behind us at the game you guys are only remotely attractive when your shirts are off 	disgust
	Been eating chocolate for a year this weekend 	disgust
	! RT TheLovelyShanel: I FUCKING HATE PUBLIC  SCHOOL BATHROOMSSSSS !! Themm shitsss ME !	disgust
	suck my fucking dick!  	disgust
	I hate these hipsters that are occupying Wall Street Get a job! 	disgust
	I agree shocking management needs to have consequences! We will not be renewing our Box tickets for 2012 Season! 	disgust
	Hahaha! He is prolly ordering Rock Bitch right fucking now 	disgust
	That feeling of being LIED to then hearing another LAME LIE when you ask about the first LIE!!! 	disgust
	Mi primo kiere ligar con una bolsa de dulces de rapunsel en la mano 	disgust
	Agree!!  RT ohTiaMia_: How can someone be kissing on more than one person at a one time 	disgust
	How some people live with the choices they have made is beyond me 	disgust
	if you are addicted to sex  omg i'm so horney and have a picture of yourself naked on twitter you are not allowed to follow me 	disgust
	The  Saga Soundtracks: Ruining indie music by exposing it to fake teenage fangirls since 2008! 	disgust
	 was 9 for 20 and no passing tds How does that encourage his rabid cult following? 	disgust
	Right about now I wouldn't mind feeling like an idiot for getting mad when there was nothing wrong but I know better 	disgust
	my sister got this purse It smell like straight up KITTY LITTER 	disgust
	Some things some girls need to keep to theirselves This isn't your personal diary nor is it your best friend 	disgust
	me keepin' It tight   your pussy lookin like pastrami 	disgust
	sad thing is I was ready to say good job Knicks but not these Knicks fans 	disgust
	I love you! Your crazy!(:lmao And he is such a effin liar and now he's getting in my nerves! -PS Not Justin3	disgust
	when a boy asks ' can I do the shocker?' you know he's mentally unstable 	disgust
	I gave up on Tina Fey when she defended her colleague's violent homophobia 	disgust
	yo gurl ur feet smell like da worst thing I've ever shoved up my nose on a friday night that's pretty awful ?	disgust
	Aw how cute ^^ RT keepingupw_Liz: dude my parents just came back from a one week vacation  they're still all over eachother 	disgust
	wow dude that sad! RT this if you want the messages to stop! 	disgust
	Ppl that wear sneakers with suits and claim the walk to work is their daily exercise u me	disgust
	Watching this T Pain video This man is sick  	disgust
	Never eating beef chicken or anything involving some sort of meat! 	disgust
	yeah weird stuff Jesus dancing 'running man' Devil tells me it looks funny but i try hard not to laff 	disgust
	Eurgh ! So disgusting a guy found a dead decomposed bird in a salad bought from  ! OML !!!!!	disgust
	You think you've seen it all And then a man sit next to you on the overground and flosses his teeth with pleasure -- 	disgust
	just saved $70 bucks on blu ray DVDs at Walmart ) i love black Friday	disgust
	Uuuugh 7 week old weave!!!!! Now that's just nasty!!!!! 	disgust
	I'm feeling like  This drink taste like flowers  	disgust
	Whats with the rising trend of posting porn pictures and disturbing images on facebook?freedom has limits 	disgust
	times people get corrected based on right information posted What do you think of TOI promoting Irfan for Aus? 	disgust
	Popping my  cherry + sitting outside Best Buy It smells like straight up PISS 	disgust
	When I walk in on my dad taking a poop  lol lock the door	disgust
	Eye for an eye Tooth for a tooth 	disgust
	Rappers do Remixes not Covers You're really just gonna take someone's flow word for word? You me	disgust
	So fucking pissed off Fuck bum ass low life's  every single one of you me!	disgust
	okay you can't say chipped after that you're officially dismissed from this convo after that statement 	disgust
	A woman is accused of stabbing her husband cutting his body parts up  cooking him -__- 	disgust
	I absolutely hate lady gaga katy perry  nicki minaj's style!!!   me	disgust
	Modern conceptions of love disgust me     	disgust
	oh i got so fucked up last night but ur 15 tho  where the hell are ur parents  they probably only 25 	disgust
	In car with an uncle he sneezes the loudest I've ever heard The car started smelling like sneeze couldn't stop gagging  	disgust
	After you fk a ugly chick that looks like a little boy I wouldn't mess w you anyways 	disgust
	The male gender is way too emotional these days Stop whining crying and confessing your love on social networks 	disgust
	Everytime I see your face I want to vomit You have no idea how much you me Shady boyyy move schoooolssssss Thanks :)	disgust
	These Dayton sewers reek of Pizza Hut 	disgust
	I cant stand a fake ass bitch/niggaugh	disgust
	Some fucking gross guy at my house is cutting our turkey and I'm watching him touch every single piece and he didn't wash his hands 	disgust
	You don't deserve to use a Twitter 	disgust
	BREAK YO' SELF NIGG I DON'T WANNA SEE YO' GOODIES -_____- abaaabyy	disgust
	- whattttt!!! Uou crazy! RT SoloDolo254: “omgitstphat: These white castle sliders tho” -_- 	disgust
	Yall dont understand how much mr Encalades room STINKS! Like im not even kidding  ! (The kids not him)	disgust
	My gosh zainab is tooo stupid Ugh 	disgust
	too bad when the feelings wash up I feel nothing but 	disgust
	Religious?!!! Hah!! That's fake bull-shit!! And condemning taboos never made any difference but made things worse!! 	disgust
	lol That was crazy ! Now that was just lotion imagine if it was somethin Bigger she couldn't stand the smell of 	disgust
	I always have a nose spot on my cup of coffee's cover :)	disgust
	You gotta leave something to the imagination Girls need more class nowadays 	disgust
	I hate when girls in soccer rub up all against you dude we are not playing basketball theirs a huge field 	disgust
	I was hardly a km away when d incident happenedCant get over it!Calcutta didnt learn anything even after d Stephen Court episode 	disgust
	treadmill stress test 	disgust
	Its not  anymore Take care of your wiley body hair You shouldn't have been doing that shit in the first place 	disgust
	i hate you with a burning passion  	disgust
	EW You'll drink a cherry coke but not a diet coke? 	disgust
	I remember the first time I seen that Blue Waffle pic 	disgust
	Ew- why is my dad's yard worker being such a creep ! 	disgust
	 the shit out of every racist person on earth They  me	disgust
	Lieing about your mum being dead is as low as you can get 	disgust
	ewwwwe McDonald's is soooo I'm so anti McDonald's and they're to expensive and don't even fill u up 	disgust
	Krallice's new album is awesome why was I such a fool to pass this up earlier this year  	disgust
	Jaguars had like 4 monday night football games 	disgust
	 because we know everybody likes their fair share of insider information Isn't that right 	disgust
	So I was at work and I was emptying the trash in the women's bathroom Why did I find a tube of Vagisil on the floor??? 	disgust
	What the fuck is wrong with you people?!! 	disgust
	ps there no spider nests in your car is there? If there is then I'll be driving not you hahaha 	disgust
	My Spanish teacher just farted  tried to play it off smh hahaha 	disgust
	I saw a childhood boyfriend yesterday 	disgust
	is how I'm feeling while watching two below-average scrambling QB's play some of the worst football imaginable ?	disgust
	I'm making Tia watch a Serbian filmHAAAAA       : A Serbian Film is a family movie	disgust
	At wssu looking at this sorry ass excuse for a volleyball game LOL smh 	disgust
	Your sister was just hoe'in up on the black kid andre 	disgust
	BWAHAHAHAHA RT EJAY71: Thinking while in bed crazy how close you were to someone and you look at them so differently 	disgust
	Walmart is handing out free five hour energy drinks  	disgust
	how disrespectful shame on you you sicken me Horrible man Boo 	disgust
	I remember this feeling I remember me it for 6 years straight  now a year later it back 	disgust
	yo i really cant stop laughing lol i never had micro's before those shits are to me i like my edges too much to get those braids	disgust
	Every girl is the fuckin same  I swear  These hoes out here given it away like it's nothin  have some more respect for yourself 	disgust
	hahah I'm jut sitting here sucking it up I hold be ashamed that I've actually made this 	disgust
	omg I know! And when she broke her back and fell! 	disgust
	 Stop Trying To    On  |  On Zazzlecom | This Is An Outrage  Pure 	disgust
	So my acquaintance just announced hes gunna take a shit tomorrow lol	disgust
	I am so terribly incredibly disgustingly disgusted beyond belief Don't ask why You're just wasting 140 characters  	disgust
	that moment when fresh cooked cookies come out the over and they just start to harden 	disgust
	kburk's room never fails to smell like shit 	disgust
	That is so sick What kinda girl pierces her vagina??? 	disgust
	I fuckin hate shady ass bitches 	disgust
	A feeling of revulsion or profound disapproval aroused by something unpleasant or offensive	disgust
	Why is there aload of one direction crap on my tweet homepage? 	disgust
	maybe all you did was use me thats all You told me your problems so i could help you but gve your love to him What a disgust 	disgust
	u being forced to go to golden coral  	disgust
	Intermittent insomnia stimulates creativity: I dreamed I was wearing pizza socks   	disgust
	when people blow in my ear n de breath stink	disgust
	do all of you gt spammed with Ipad offers from idiotic accounts out here making my hell	disgust
	-- I swear I hate this damn Kmart it smells like those cheap ass shoes the strong smelling plastic ones 	disgust
	What a tragedy in Kolkata - when will we take human life seriously in India   	disgust
	Ughhhh I HATE Potato Salad  Macaroni Salad ! 	disgust
	Ppl at wrk be slamming down their lunch so they can go smoke their nasty ass cigarettes  	disgust
	Is she duck-facing in her wedding picture? JastaAce	disgust
	So the same bum a$$ ninja  his friend that were trying to buy me drinks  food walked out on the waiter!!! LAMES Me!!!	disgust
	Wonder how wack it feels for nerdy dudes to squeeze their girls ass through them baggy army pants 	disgust
	ugh bum niggas make me sick 	disgust
	I hope the zombie apocolypse starts on black friday weed those people out first  	disgust
	I love the looks I get from ppl when 'Akinyele Put it in my mouth' comes blasting outta my headphones 	disgust
	My suite mates shits smell worse then does 	disgust
	“OliviaaaG: Some people seriously me” yeah like people who never answer my phone calls beeeeatch	disgust
	I won't be specific but just the classic shout outs that they think are cool but are disrespectful to a woman 	disgust
	 RT Chi_Manni: Chick fil A is not that effin good that it nds 3 drive thrus3??? Really! 	disgust
	Lol newness of this life smh RT DonSanTwon: LB! im chillen chillenhow the neo life treatin u bruh?	disgust
	Females are so thirty Please get a glass of water  sit TF down U can get up when u called upon 	disgust
	French father kills 3 year old boy in a washing machineseriously is such news even worth printing 	disgust
	Demi Moore is doing the right thing Ashton cheated on her on their wedding anniversary 	disgust
	“BarackObama: Tonight Senate Republicans voted to raise taxes on millions of working Americans speaking of ridiculous this is	disgust
	that relationship makes my lip curl ! 	disgust
	Yuck! I just tried sea snails and they are huge! Looking at that shits me! Or maybe I'm just a tad bit bothered	disgust
	Been at school for 9 fucking hours  	disgust
	ya me imagino eso tan revolucionario RT CarlosWazowskiPor dios q musica tan tierrua la q ponen en ese concierto del !	disgust
	Bitches that don't floss resulting in that dental rot smell also mouth breathers 	disgust
	Guys who pick up grls at the mall are CREEPS esp Fairlane Ugh Why am I here! 	disgust
	it's such an anti-Washington climate right now that I'm curious to see what voter participation will be on election day 	disgust
	Don't come back to me w that shit ever againnah no love from hippie  shame on me to let u advance on my love 	disgust
	 The emperor wears no clothes   No evidence of leadership from bench two games in a row  Throw Vandy game in to 	disgust
	It's some sick people in this world messin with lil boys 	disgust
	Every time I close my eyes I see the old us  the old love  the old trust and I think of how u broke it smh 	disgust
	So i saw dis cute gurl sittin infront of a range rover and pikin her nose lyk criously! 	disgust
	Girl on the bus puked green translucent liquid with blotches of phlegm I then watched it slide down the bus and hit people's feet 	disgust
	I gag in mouth mouth a little when I see you 	disgust
	B_EasyETP: Somebody brang me a nice helping of chitterlings Seem like im the only 1 eat em 	disgust
	Just seen a guy in full makeup offering to do makeup in Macy's 	disgust
	This time it's head basketball coach of Syracuse Bernie Fine fired over allegations of child molestation  	disgust
	Shame- watching Kourtney Kardashian getting an oil enema  Watching it all    	disgust
	That was gay for that stripper on atlanta housewives to suck his own youu knoww 	disgust
	rick ross belly fat 	disgust
	It's 4:10 pm and I haven't left my house 	disgust
	Dear Freshman Making out in the halls is not cute That's for our of school 	disgust
	Some1 just told me that they've never seen raiders of the lost ark or godfather but loved twilight I can no longer speak to them 	disgust
	Students at Penn State are rioting because Joe P was fired!?  And I thought my priorities were out of line 	disgust
	Triscuits are a pathetic excuse for edible cardboard 	disgust
	I swear the most homosexual thing I have ever seen is brown guys taking pictures in their bathroom mirrors x 	disgust
	First thing I heard when I turned on my tv this morning was Bob Costas  Jerry Sandusky who was digging his own grave  	disgust
	So Congress made pizza a vegetable based on tomato paste rather than calling for more real fruits and veggies in schools 	disgust
	when you walk past someone and taste the bo 	disgust
	Omg eewdont ever be fatnot cute post a twitpic of u in a bra  a granny thong that doesnt even match!Ughh what guy likes that? 	disgust
	 when you watch a guy scratch his nuts with the look of on your face 	disgust
	It is permissible for ONE man to allow young boys on his lap and he’s got a sleigh and flying reindeer! 	disgust
	Facebook meI hate how whatever u say or do there u get judged by ppl who r suppose to be ur Friends thats y I stick with Twitter	disgust
	this girl i work with feet smeel like corn chips when we change at the end of the night 	disgust
	So the other day I found out that my cousins friend is bi and she has a crush on me  	disgust
	Some ppl makes ma mood turn into pure by just the sight of em	disgust
	Lol i swear dis bitch face juss me	disgust
	Ok guy on plane next to meI get it You have a nasty cold But will you PLEASE cover your mouth?!! 	disgust
	OUR tax $$$ buying tear gas  repression so the 1% who dont pay taxes dont have to hear dissent from the 99% who do  	disgust
	I feel your a guy in my class was drinking a monster while eating chocolate covered bread sticks dipped in fudge	disgust
	Fake Ice In Yo Buffies Man U Niggas Me	disgust
	Did you know there are 26 states that allow cousins to marry but gay marriage isn't allowed?? 	disgust
	These people making out in front of Chili's  	disgust
	I'm sorry my blanket isn't comfortable enough for you that kid isn't  so what if he eats his scabs	disgust
	Girls who: stripped for Tyga take part in nashvilles wet tshirt contest are up on the site isanyoneuppure trash 	disgust
	I don't know! I've got a feeling Drianca will make a comeback 	disgust
	Have you ever been In that situation where the best thing to do was the hardest thing to do??? Smh 	disgust
	Watching these white people play with 	disgust
	just watched an interview with jerry sandusky and he is so full of BS 20 people didnt lie about u raping a kid 	disgust
	If you want something go get it something in your way truckstick that shit Ppl who complain all day and give up make my lip cleft 	disgust
	ewww she got that nasty ass default like she cute 	disgust
	My whole perception of people in general has changed this year 	disgust
	And so ends another marvelous day in paradise Everyday progressively better than the last 	disgust
	 Newsnight it is making me SICK hearing these rioters justifying their actions 	disgust
	Boy u have turn into such a fuking mess it aint even funny now 	disgust
	exactly but the good thing is they found this sick fuck would you believe it was the girls own BROTHER 	disgust
	Honey you dont look cute with your chest hangin out  Maybe nest time find a shirt that fits? 	disgust
	I am not the slightest surprised to walk around school to encounter Laker haters but knowing the commissioner is one too?! 	disgust
	Like going to TPs on a Friday night then seeing some horrendously fat girl taking a piss outside Lloyds back 	disgust
	I hate mariah careys christmas music 	disgust
	I hate when people sneeze or cough  don't cover up! 	disgust
	Needs to be asleep right now Dang black friday and irritated people 	disgust
	Girls that don't know how to buy proper heels for dresses  	disgust
	otherwise nate and cam end up wearing my clothes 	disgust
	I hate that Above the influence commercial where the girl is puking 	disgust
	it's one thing to dream of like a model or something but not of your neighbor  ugh people just me	disgust
	I really hate ugly dyke bitches! You have a vagina for a reason  	disgust
	Horrible experience Never going back  	disgust
	That's like making children talk bad about the other parent in the divorce :( Kids are NOT your ammo Tools! 	disgust
	Walking doesn't count as working out It barely counts as moving 	disgust
	btches love to ruin ah Happy  just remember to leave me an mine alone !    Goodmorning Twitter	disgust
	Walk in the Barbershop and guys look at me like i'm a piece of meat	disgust
	I think it's about time I delete my dad off facebook Too many status' regarding masturbating 	disgust
	just found the nastiest girl group picture ever on facebook  	disgust
	YouTube: my comments belong to me not you That means I should have teh rightr to delete them if I wish 	disgust
	Ur hair is soo greasy dude shower 	disgust
	Can't believe that the cyclist on bbc london news said he didn't think much of the ambulance guys that came to his rescue!  	disgust
	hahah I get to clean it up when people do that at my work 	disgust
	Ew dis unstable creature on steve wilkos is having sex wit her dad like she calling him her bf like ew 	disgust
	I hate nasty cooks if you working in a restaurant put a hair net on your head and gloves on your hands even if its not required 	disgust
	when you walk past someone and taste their bo 	disgust
	This   shit has me ready to delete my twitter Ignorance is contagious and I don't wanna risk catching it 	disgust
	Sometimes I go to Hooters and see the same ol dusty perverts that were there when I worked Just preying on naive young girls Smh 	disgust
	Youre discipline is a joke You are destroying NHL hockey Really? Youre going to suspend Sutton for a hit like that? 	disgust
	if I wasn't eating a granola right now I would have to pound you after that last tweet 	disgust
	Stop fucking callin me!     UGH!! you me!!!	disgust
	My aunty is such a cougar she was hitting on the teenage boy singing in Miss south pacificargh 	disgust
	junior girls got that freshman boy fever 	disgust
	I hate rude people! Just makes me feel sick and sorry for them 	disgust
	I Hate People With Crusty Nasty Lips 	disgust
	Nothing that infuriates me more than perverts I hope this man gets his head bashed in 	disgust
	Just saw the Jersey Shore season 5 preview Has Deena always looked this much like a troll? 	disgust
	That moment of pure when you stick your hand under your desk  you touched someone else’s old gum	disgust
	Ok I'm done for real only 30% of niggas circumcised anyway!! Dick be hard and still got saggy skin 	disgust
	Picture this Dark skinned fat guy w| a bright ass purple shirt   bright yellow pants  some bright ass purple shoes  	disgust
	That feeling when you know your slackin hard body on a shorty 	disgust
	Highly disturbed by this generation 	disgust
	Marc anthony fuckin rat 	disgust
	I wish everyone could see the look on the face of as she listens to 'Wait' from Ying Yang Twins for the first time 	disgust
	I knew there was a reason I don't eat sushi 	disgust
	I'm trying to watch Water for ElephantsI just cant! Makes me sick! Worse is to know it was true what was done to those animals! 	disgust
	Pple who jump to conclusions or make assumptions me all that can be avoided by simply ASKING questions	disgust
	I really can't believe all of the grown men that think it's ok or them to touch children I will kill anyone that touches my girls 	disgust
	How dare you make Ryan Gosling the 10th sexiest man of the year? Have you no eyes? Have you no taste?!   	disgust
	Waking up 45 minutes late Great idea 	disgust
	Good! I don't think any guys should watch themeven if they are trying to get it in by being a girl's Edward Cullen 	disgust
	Just saw a commercial for something called Forever Lazy which is essentially a snuggie one-piece sweatsuit Jesus  	disgust
	right!!! RT D11H:  RT -- ladies with mustaches smh atleast shave them pluck them wax them or some shit 	disgust
	The ridges on a penis head are actually there to scoop out the remnants left behind by another male 	disgust
	this girl has the kc computer lab smellin like straight tuna 	disgust
	Im so done with the freaking ignorant people that surround me at this school 	disgust
	Can't stand guys that lie to girls saying they don't have a girl 	disgust
	If I don't like someone they know it by my language body language and facial expressions because im bad I hiding 	disgust
	in a word Yes I nearly vomited all over my windscreen when I heard it on the rado 	disgust
	still can't believe this guy i used to talk to is gonna have a baby 	disgust
	That awkward moment when you behave as a child although you're a 1st-year-medical student  	disgust
	One thing I won't miss about high school: bathrooms 	disgust
	the abuse that Christie Wilt and Kelly Chaffin inflicted on their student is grounds to never work with children again 	disgust
	Seriously who gives a test Monday after fall break?? 	disgust
	Some people you will never begin to understand 	disgust
	oomf is in their their granny panties juggling thier booty 	disgust
	think about it ! a man lick a lady's head 	disgust
	matt wears so much cologne that you can smell it off his facebook pictures 	disgust
	Just finished watching Food INC Why hasn't there been more uproar over the way Monsanto controls the seeds?   	disgust
	Check lol RT DuhBB: RT I'm tryna get inside a black girl tho 	disgust
	Ewww that girl next to me was one of them spit when she talk kinda bitches Ughh they be the worst ones 	disgust
	ITS SAD HOW DEY KEEP KILLING  MOLESTING THESE CHILDREN!!! SMDH N 	disgust
	Love spending time with daddyuntil he starts farting 	disgust
	I need my uncle to keep his teeth in his mouth! 	disgust
	my uncles UWP free party and a whole set of labour ppl line up aredy!!! Smfh :/ 	disgust
	When I see your face It makes me wanna puke And more when I remember what happened almost a year ago! 	disgust
	I don't girls nowadays who talk to their friends like their talking to their husbands 	disgust
	i hate hearing my mom eat 	disgust
	There is a cat party next door and they meow like a pack of crying babies 	disgust
	Some hoes try too hard to get some simple attention put those boobs up 	disgust
	Every time I hear someone smack while I'm eating I lose my appetite 	disgust
	Why the hell do people think they are invisible when they pick their noses in the car? 	disgust
	Today I'm most Thankful for the fact I'm not a fat pig like 	disgust
	Isn't it shameful to be using vulgar language steeped in 'under the belt' flirt tactics/humour once you breach the age of 25? 	disgust
	not an inch of artistic talent there! is a more descriptive statement 	disgust
	EEEEEEWWW!!!!!! That was the nastiest laugh ive eva heard in my life!! Please dont do that again 	disgust
	What cop gives an eighty year old old old man a ticket?? Poor thing fell on his face in court!!  	disgust
	in fuckin with the african girl the cracker showed extreme weakness scary mutha-fuckas allow for no closure 	disgust
	MAKE NO MISTAKE:  makes absolutely shitty products that are designed to fucking fail after less than two years of use!  	disgust
	Why does it smell like throw up all over the school!?!? !!	disgust
	flicked on ITV to see janet or whoever killing Under the Bridge That's a song you just leave as it is!  	disgust
	True story: some guy hit on me at the  told me he'd pay me $70 to sleep with him and he'd buy me lunch 	disgust
	!!!!! Nasty gay ass RT Mz_NayNayBbyy: Now Why Would u Wanna Suck Ur Own D*** !! 	disgust
	I hate public transport I feel so dirty 	disgust
	wait my face today after school	disgust
	Teenage girls that have sex so young me	disgust
	Exactly and then has on superman underware and stars tattooed around his pelvic area 	disgust
	Made me go through hell when she and him were going through heaven 	disgust
	The 9:26am video from shows police aggressively pushing a crowd with a barricade when the crowd was not pushing back 	disgust
	The two people that get talked about the most in my Cross Cultural class are Lebron and Tebow  	disgust
	How ironic that the idiots who arrogantly claim to represent 99% of the populace are opposed by 99% of the populace?    	disgust
	I think it's time to move on and explore greener pasture Scouting for a new job What's a good company to work in?  	disgust
	Når jeg er på bussen tidlig en lørdagsmorgen og det stinker mat over alt 	disgust
	Oh for crying out loud Middlesex ahead now 	disgust
	This bitch to skinny to be identified as a fuckin' human o_	disgust
	I do not appreciate how oberweis delivered my milk/juice bottles  my juice bottles had old milk residue floating around in them 	disgust
	Supposedly ferry deckhands used security cameras to look up women's skirts? Why doesn't that surprise me  	disgust
	I hate the smell of bacon  	disgust
	I dressed nice today and mom wanted me to be slob? she's in again hahaha	disgust
	people just don't know when they've crossed a line Two people have died in those shootings How is that funny? 	disgust
	 cocky Dermstill a very big fan tho	disgust
	I can always count random tweet pictures to me	disgust
	When I hear people say marriage is hard I just think about how lazy they are! 	disgust
	Miss you're like 70 Button your blouse don't wanna see those tits  	disgust
	Just tried deep fried pickles for the first time 	disgust
	hate when disgusting old men hit on mee like reallly ! 	disgust
	I really HATE feet  They meigh  Like real talk  Now im really out 	disgust
	I just don't understand why some people have to turn simple things into huge ordeals that always end with everyone being pissed of 	disgust
	 lawyer I believe in his innocence What about the innocence of his victims? 	disgust
	Rick Perry is so damn ridiculous  	disgust
	UM I know how you feel bro Was up late last night drinking it and thought I was gonna die 	disgust
	Justin bieber is NOT electro hard bass Last fm is getting baaad with it 	disgust
	Hey Laguardia - trust me the feeling is totally mutual 	disgust
	I saw the program Man vs Food last night All I can say is I'm glad these establishments don't exist in England  	disgust
	Seriously does this guy think its right to leave his ear and nose hair to over grow to this extent 	disgust
	Fuck so many people smoke 	disgust
	“I'm not your second choice neither your backup plan So don't text me when you're bored” 	disgust
	Guys who talk about my body in a disrespectful way when they know I got a man me	disgust
	couldnt watch that scene on This Christmas smh 	disgust
	My cousin is cooking a pig head 	disgust
	Who the hell found our Facebook page using Bing and can I bar them from the premises for using Bing? 	disgust
	I hate pigs And I mean  the animals not gross people 	disgust
	This bitch at the mall today lmao 	disgust
	Everyone unfollow  she's a slut She puts her head in people coo-kaw's 	disgust
	Ugh  The illiteracy rate of Memphis  	disgust
	Lol your a creep evelyn RT _3v_: RT send me a pictureee	disgust
	Mean Girls 2 is the stupidest movie ever It shouldn't even be qualified to be a movie 	disgust
	Every time I see you it gives me a weird feeling in my stomach Oh wait no it just makes me want to throw up 	disgust
	that's really the risk here isn't it? That people won't lose the bigotry but learn to be quiter about it 	disgust
	Quite hypocritical considering that same member's comments about the racist don't you think??  	disgust
	This kid farted in front of me while I was taking my test 	disgust
	handshake? nah i'll pass i'd rather have no finger nails than those yellow horn plates you call 'nails' im out 	disgust
	Those people who eat loads of crappy food all the time and are still skinny as a stick me	disgust
	Morning breath and I haven't been to sleep 	disgust
	MT thelisagraves: OUR tax $$$ buying tear gas  repression so 1% who dont pay taxes dont have to hear dissent from 99% who do 	disgust
	i was so heart-broken when you looked back down in 	disgust
	Bitches like you me  bye man voice	disgust
	study study dun feel like it then what to do? EAT 	disgust
	Disgust and  are two of the great  that lead to change ~ Jim Rohn   	disgust
	If I tell yu something  I trust yu with it  yu fucc me over  consider us fighting on some real shit ! 	disgust
	its niggas too!!! This one nigga said period blood only make the pussy wetter o_O 	disgust
	 does just make me throw up a lil in my mouth 	disgust
	That awkward moment when you walk into your living room and two dogs are having sex 	disgust
	That got me feeling some kind of waylike is that the shit all niggas do?! 	disgust
	When people suck on their teeth  	disgust
	I was on my sister phone then iopened the wrong text message by accident and read something eww D !	disgust
	SmileyBasim: Dont send me a picture after 2 am if you aint butt nekkid 	disgust
	To be a good college coach do you have to molest children?  	disgust
	Wats worse dan makin pea salad Eatin it 	disgust
	Some people have no class or self respect it's a shame 	disgust
	ha! That headline made me laugh  	disgust
	Lol when people like one We the Kings song and are IN LOVEEE with them and I've known them since about '05 '06 You people me	disgust
	Cynthia and her sister getting into it over Peter She just need to drop that leech 	disgust
	I hate watching fat old ladies munch on sunflower seeds 	disgust
	hahaha love that tweet Ha why do we hate him so much	disgust
	You see couples PDAing on campus and want to push them through the archway  	disgust
	My grandma was doing a lot of laughing last night !!! My granddaddy must have touched her wet spot 	disgust
	Jackie does the ABSOLUTE MOST ugh she makes me sick 	disgust
	 has no ideology just max out profits blindly Individuals no longer matter! 	disgust
	The racist woman on the tram made a fool of herself what an ignorant idiot  to swear infront of your little child like that smh! 	disgust
	at the end of the day its still staff being assaulted and injured 	disgust
	yuck! Twitter don't need to know about your period life ma'am! 	disgust
	Ewww  Ya Grind Prolli A Messss ! & years yu havent been to da dentist  !!	disgust
	leave a milk cup on my window sill ONE MORE TIME!  This time instead of cottage cheese we got jello 	disgust
	If my OG votes republican in 2012 I will snap her neckPlus I just found out she voted for bush both terms	disgust
	This cat is hooping in a famous hat  fila's  	disgust
	I absolutely positively strongly detest Eli Manning 	disgust
	sorry boutcha she has made it pretty clear that she doesn't do va jay jays along with butts/poop and puke! 	disgust
	It is so nasty seeing someones bare feet on the dashboard	disgust
	Girls that try to be niggas me U wasnt born wit a dick so ull neva be a nigga	disgust
	the leading republican presidential candidate would want a fence on the mexican/us border he's prob for segregation too 	disgust
	“!!!!! Nasty gay ass RT Mz_NayNayBbyy: Now Why Would u Wanna Suck Ur Own D*** !! ”	disgust
	The conversation that and I are having on  is simply EPIC 	disgust
	It is true Washington lifted the ban on horse slaughter for human consumption  My heart just sank   	disgust
	Eww I hate hearing people eat Sitting in a room with three people eating plus two dogs = 	disgust
	Why Mariah Carey has allowed Justin Bieber to defecate all over her perfectly good song is beyond me 	disgust
	Okay BigBangTheory you had a chance but you just had to go and quote the Green Lantern oath incorrectly Blackest not darkest 	disgust
	this movies disgusting why the fuck am I even watching it lmfao how to eat fried worms 	disgust
	Keep it classy  fans you boo at the first lady and her kids?!?come on!! 	disgust
	No offense to any cigarettes smokers but honestly i don't get it It does nothing but harm to you its gross and everywhere on campus 	disgust
	Its a  when the creepy guy at the bar keeps staring at you and making googly eyes 	disgust
	 are overprotected in France 5 years of prison for 40 sex assaults underage  	disgust
	Brb smashing my tv to pieces 	disgust
	WHY THE FUCK IS THIS MALL SO PACKED AT 2:36 AM?! I keep saying 'fuck you' to randoms with the face of -_-	disgust
	I FUCKING HATE PUBLIC  SCHOOL BATHROOMSSSSS !! Themm shitsss ME !	disgust
	tyannas_WORLDxo: b*tches don't be washing their hands when they leave the bathroom !Ewwwwwww fuck	disgust
	I Hate Monkey See Monkey Do ME	disgust
	 but I absolutely just hated the smell of the bathroom that I was just in it smelled like tangy coochies! 	disgust
	I Am So Fascinated With The  Experience | Why? | He Is Hilarious! | His Behavior Was/Is Obnoxious  It Lent To Parody! | 	disgust
	Is that to make up for the hope lost by rogue employers being able to sack them for no reason for 2 yrs Shame on you! 	disgust
	miss czranecka gets her math sheets off of polish websites and just translates them to english that's why they don't make sense 	disgust
	shud have put kambli in some reality showhe wud got wt he's craving for right now!   ! 	disgust
	Forgot my water bottle in my car so I spent $2 on a Dasani only to dump it and fill it with tap water 	disgust
	Lot of  for the  staff sweeping roads in the morningsand for ppl who litter and hv their pets defecate on the roads	disgust
	Ppl who smoke er'day er'day but idk how cuz you dont have a job! Getting hits of of other ppl weed!  me!	disgust
	idont like people that don't wash their hands when they need to 	disgust
	They need to make a separate locker room for women that feel the need to show their chuckles and ta tas to the world with no shame 	disgust
	Lamar Odom? Seriously? One of the worst pick ups in recent history And now the Kardashians will be in Dallas 	disgust
	18+ deo ad! One of the worst in the history of ad making!  *gags*  	disgust
	that girls a WHORE RT iSlapHoes_2_Slp: Candy deep throat is just a regular bitch who is extremly open about her love to suck penis	disgust
	ew seriously if your dog peed on your jacket please do not wear it on the bus! 	disgust
	He's on Nancy Grace while the city is looking for his daughter 	disgust
	Can't stand helping people and their mouth Mouth smells like ass 	disgust
	my problem is your rudeness mate 	disgust
	You KNOW u a girl You KNOW u play ball Shave ur underarms and double up on deOde 	disgust
	Now you know your bathroom is dirty when someone rather use a public bathroom instead of yours 	disgust
	how can some take a picture of themselves half naked when they knw their figure is not in the right place  	disgust
	UNHATE campaign is probably the kiss of death for  	disgust
	Ugh typos in tweets really ruin the you're whole day  	disgust
	its like a horse you have a bad taste in animals 	disgust
	 this is not freedomthis is some weird crap in ur head Yekhrebet el  :S 	disgust
	“teemabeema: You dudes that eat girls out when they're on their periodsyall meI mean that from the depth of my soul” 	disgust
	lmaooomf is in their their granny panties juggling thier booty 	disgust
	I'm fine with those but any others have to do die on sight! 	disgust
	I don't mind the odd close to the bone joke But txt jokes about Gary Speed are bang out of order 	disgust
	 why wouldn't you? I saw the documentary Those beautiful WBC girls sound evil when they cackle about being glad ppl die 	disgust
	I just found out that my sister was going to regift a present and give it to me for Christmas A gift that I originally gave her 	disgust
	Texas offense wouldn't make it through 5A playoffs Since Colt hurt in '09 BCS it's been a travesty 	disgust
	after i decide to get a coffee bc i look like a zombie our class gets cancellled now im mad hyper 	disgust
	Wow listening to guys give advice to their friends  	disgust
	Why is it that when my roommate is here the dorm room smells REALLY weird? D: 	disgust
	why would anyone purchase something you had an artistic input on? 	disgust
	Heard the toilet flush and this girl walked straight out the restroom I know for a fact that she didn't wash her hands 	disgust
	it's better not to share the egg and kid part haha =P	disgust
	Ewww people at BP are so smelly dirty !! Some kid threw up in his locker jus str8 left it there for a whole weekend !! *____* 	disgust
	coach is eating pre game french onion soup reminds me of you always getting it at Trif's 	disgust
	all you ppl that eat octopus should be ashamed of yourselves 	disgust
	Are we really that far removed from other people who are in need? If I weren't in my car I would I have torn the crowd a new one 	disgust
	About to gargle this salt water 	disgust
	Such a shame to go from great hope several months ago to 	disgust
	Eating pizza was a mistake My stomach hurts really bad 	disgust
	every time you come near me or come talk to the people I'm talking to it makes want to murder you I don't want to see your face 	disgust
	My brother just saw Bananas In Pajamas on the tv planner we put it on and gasped in disgust at what we saw! WHAT IS THIS!  	disgust
	awckward moment when an ugly guy hits on me 	disgust
	that same whale telling a young girl to play with her 	disgust
	Damn! Mother Father and Son all stinky n musty Such a shame n sad situation Who will tell th other hey you need to shower smdh 	disgust
	i hate twitter spam 	disgust
	The  -  run  govn is in race for a  for max Financial losses Scams  U-turn on Decisions!! 	disgust
	My girlfriends know not to ever surprise me w/ a male stripper EVER! 	disgust
	your a huge fucking whore and you me!!!!!!!!!! 	disgust
	I guess we share the same idiotRT Nadia_Nabil: I think I need glasses Everywhere I look people are two-faced!! 	disgust
	 you tryed to kiss me in the club I'll just assume you had to much to drink Feeling the moment a little to much 	disgust
	The guy next to me on this flight must be wearing egg mcmuffin scented cologne 	disgust
	Noddy was being so messy at the game last Friday 	disgust
	i want ta party right now too bad my boyfriend is hated by all my friends 	disgust
	 RT kah_ay_tie: Honey HAHA RT kahreenahh: WHAT? I'm starvinggg RT kah_ay_tie: Guess what I'm eating Your fave	disgust
	What the fuck is the point of choosing not to excercise? To me it shows you have no self respect and a lack of ambition 	disgust
	THE JERRY SPRINGER SHOW ME	disgust
	!! RT YeahhKemp: Ughhhh I HATE Potato Salad  Macaroni Salad ! 	disgust
	I hope this  wakes people up!!! The country needs major improvements I think a third world country wouldve dealt better 	disgust
	Fear Factor is very disturbing with the things they make the contestants eatbull snout? 	disgust
	Wow I literally just lost ALL respect for you 	disgust
	 I really feel sick in my stomach right now 	disgust
	hello good morning in biology today I have to open one eye :s	disgust
	great movie Used to be one of my favorites until a she-devil ruined it 	disgust
	MrsWilliams needs to wear a spit guard when shes talking to students swear she just spit on my computer screen smfh 	disgust
	how do you expect me to have respect for you when you took advantage of a drunk girl 	disgust
	Haha for real! Seriously though he jumped in my lap with wet paws 	disgust
	 he told me his favorite music was COUNTRY music 	disgust
	The REAL walk of shame: When you toss a paper ball in the garbage miss then have to go get it  	disgust
	they're not making it?!!! But why Why would they give us hope then not make it? I mean that's just cruel 	disgust
	Agreed! RT Durrty_Diana: BOPPIN ASS DINGY ASS TRIFLIN ASS HOES ME agreed??	disgust
	I'm hungry!  the hotel tried to feed me nasty sausages this morning 	disgust
	your right its peter Hey what ya doin? This law and order sode is about child sex abuse that shits takin ova da media 	disgust
	When you see a fresh loogie out on the pavement on your way to class 	disgust
	My nephew iz a lil nasty wat kids lick bottom of shoes 	disgust
	fanuary Don b so disgusting Laura my god No female Wil get sponsorship from me for such a cause!! 	disgust
	 I have to say  you are a nasty greedy arsehole without conscience - how many dead and suffering from Bhopal? 	disgust
	I've been lonely before but some of you muhhfuckas be walking around with a Loner sign tatted on ya forehead 	disgust
	Wow people these days Stop being so selfish Your not the only person who matters on this earth 	disgust
	Taking showers in a danky motel room Nothing is worse I don't know what im going to miss more the jizz pillow or the hair towel 	disgust
	if i see another nigga wit my name and he aint crispy or cool i look at him in 	disgust
	Why do girls die there hair so blonde its white 	disgust
	ew its going to feel so awkward sitting next to someone you don't like 	disgust
	After my time here in college west I have come to the conclusion that asians like to include mold in their diet  	disgust
	Egg Nog late 	disgust
	Bloom is now a fucking Food Lion 	disgust
	I know the usual feeling of being wolf whistled is flattered But when its two old fat guys It feels more like a wave of 	disgust
	Idgaf how you cook it: deep fried oven baked smoked etc TURKEY IS THE DRIEST MEAT EVER!! gimme HAM any day!! 	disgust
	Hey now RT PecannSundae: He bout 50  his gf my age !!!!!!!!	disgust
	Ryan farted and it sounded like a motorcycle drove by Ewww! 	disgust
	 but I absolutely hate female bathrooms that smell like tangy coochies! 	disgust
	 When That Feeling In My Guts When From Butterflies to !	disgust
	the tear gas canisters that killed  and the 5day old girl in  was made in the USA 	disgust
	Also I believe that recently I have discovered another rare person that if introduced to I would say nope and walk away from 	disgust
	I would never talk to a girl that smokes : shoo hal wi95a haiyMyNameIsDana_: I Hate Smoking Girls !	disgust
	What's up with blue xmas lights? 	disgust
	On the bus home with rain and the darkness is hanging coming out for college! 	disgust
	There was a penny today in my food at Jack N The Box 	disgust
	not my fault practice right now haha!!  RT MrBreakTheBank: GTF! ✌RT LifeAsAdrian: your from Texas and you can't Jig?! Lol	disgust
	 a DAD burps really loud in a restaurant  shelbskaay	disgust
	And check me out using this nigga lingo the tweet before last  I gotta chill !	disgust
	 yu to hot to trot  ⬅ how farmers go smack now a days  	disgust
	jus dared me to c how long I cud go without shaving anythinghmmm! Dis is is nasty dare but let's see how long I go 	disgust
	maybe not if they hadn't make Rob sparkle like that in the film and kristen as bella 	disgust
	School The only place where drinking milk and eating pizza together is acceptable 	disgust
	This girl be trying to where these super tight clothes but has a big a$$ cold sore 	disgust
	Fat stank people ME	disgust
	TTK RT Check lol RT DuhBB: RT I'm tryna get inside a black girl tho 	disgust
	I don't like the boy I talk to mom! 	disgust
	That is the first time I have removed my red rag during a game 	disgust
	i cant even c myself even hittn the follow button to follow yo ignorant ass back! 	disgust
	Whoa O_O RT BarbieKinzZ: Facebook has turned into a platform for perveted men to freelyunshamefully like comment on porn!	disgust
	at least I am there every week lee is just homophobic No place for that kind of behaviour in this world 	disgust
	just walked in and i hear Nobody by keith sweat BLASTING upstairs	disgust
	ew I hate chapel hill mall 	disgust
	Ew just stepped on a mammoth size snail while trying to walk into my house Not really okay with that uhh yuck 	disgust
	I can't take disgusting conversation every morning I honestly wanna throw up 	disgust
	A Free Spirit is someone who wants to act like a whore and fool around with whoever is giving you the most compliments this week 	disgust
	Got halfway down the stairs realized my sister was still home came back upstairs 	disgust
	I'm pretty sure I'm the only weirdo left in the world that hates a home cooked meal 	disgust
	know how to deal with racism and goal line technology you Swiss bastard! 	disgust
	Me: A new accuser popped up today IronRose83: For Herman or Penn State? Me: It's sad that you're validly confused 	disgust
	 because vengeance is free but the price payed takes work 	disgust
	In some ways I've become the hypocrite I hate 	disgust
	So glad we still have Chamakh and Squillaci Someone explain to me how neither of them got on the end of that cross 	disgust
	I'd rather staple my eye lids shut than watch this garbage At least if my eyes are sewn shut I can pretend there's optimism afoot	disgust
	- Those damn hoes in Tyga's video just upset me I hope doing that video was worth it for them 	disgust
	you have to be powerwalkin like mug to have sum shit fall outcho PANTIES 	disgust
	Seriously?did I just read a paper sent by commander-in-chief of pak armed forces asking US to save him from his own  military? 	disgust
	Its cute all these guys saying i wish all you girls looked like that Dont fucking kid yourself bro you wouldn't have a shot 	disgust
	ok why the fuck is this girl getting into detail about this shit  	disgust
	Thinking while in bed crazy how close you were to someone and you look at them so differently 	disgust
	The mix of 1D and jls was justwords can't explain next level of 	disgust
	Ewwww the people on the other side of the certain of us are talking about boils in private areas! 	disgust
	i hope my mom forgets all about those pills and doesn't make me take them again tomorrow 	disgust
	eww ur nasty! Noodles with cheese and tuna 	disgust
	Hate some people It amazes me how many faces people can have  :/ 	disgust
	Me too he shouldve went to my KNICKS RT LaFemmeMarkita: I'm a lil upset about this Chris Paul/Laker deal 	disgust
	Just saw a commercial for some KFC chicken strips that come with 2 dips ~ some sauce  some fritos in a cup o_O 	disgust
	Sandusky's wife is sick in the head for defending her husband All those boys raped-molested and she defends him!!! 	disgust
	Yall heard abt that Penn State Coach molesting children ? 	disgust
	I would never let my future kids leave the house looking or smelling like half the kids in this school 	disgust
	 parents me! Lmao don't tell me shit u can't even raise a kid but wanna tell me how to live my life? Stfu stankin ass nigga	disgust
	And my point me remains dat da FATTEST chicks make the most noiseeeeeee!! Jah STFU 	disgust
	What is Chris brown thinkin with blonde hair 	disgust
	very much agreed It's pretty gross Especially with an online final you HAVE to make an A on 	disgust
	 hate when people spit while their talking to you 	disgust
	Feeling pretty awful And I really can't handle these pictures in my Patho book tonight 	disgust
	 every single human in India is assured security like Ajmal Kasab    	disgust
	Meh it's past eleven I hate you sleep! Why you no let me do you!?	disgust
	Raphael admitted on instagram he ate a whole box of chocolate today What a sicko  	disgust
	This past week on twitter has shown me how fake ppl are in ATL 	disgust
	I vowed never to stay over at a pl where thurs so much drama and weird vibes LMAOOOO 	disgust
	does that mean I don't have to watch 1 and 2 ?did u say u were able to do play wed ?replaced phone and lost data 	disgust
	I am slowly turning into hump   	disgust
	Straight up hoes in ferguson! girl bouncing from guy to guy in the auditorium 	disgust
	-- ladies with mustaches smh atleast shave them pluck them wax them or some shit 	disgust
	smh im really sad the only basketball i have to look forward too is march madness????  	disgust
	EWWWWWW THIS GIRL'S WEARING SEE THROUGH STOCKINGS I don't need to see your ass tyvm  	disgust
	You look like a damn hooker Put some clothes on! 	disgust
	As much as I 3 the steelers I cannot stand Big Ben 	disgust
	i don't understand why over weight people wear such tight clothes or let their belly hang over their jeans 	disgust
	First time ever 4 of 5 Top Albums in US are Canadian acts But those include Nickelback and Justin Bieber  	disgust
	Wow this is RT Fellas money can make a lot of these women do anything	disgust
	Young Pregnant hoes thats not about they biz me	disgust
	Its 7:30am!! And I can see your armpit sweat spreading on your top like a tidal wave!! Why the eff do U have Armpit sweat at 7:30!  	disgust
	just got told biggest LOL ever some people neevr change 	disgust
	I don't get how ppl drink coffee straight 	disgust
	Don't look at me think about me talk about me or ask about me Wowww whens this shit gnna end 	disgust
	sorrii azx bbii daddii'z ppl so not rite quit fukkn wit out a condom so hey man uhp	disgust
	If yall could have seen the total look of on my face Yall would have been like  wrong wit you?!?!?!	disgust
	Some I don't recognize But some is definitely Malian antelopes Egyptian scarabs Dammit I was enjoying this game 	disgust
	Don't even look in his eyes he'll take you nothing but lies He looks like a cool drink of water but he's candy coated misery 	disgust
	You treat your dick like it's the community lollipop 	disgust
	lookin up everyone's legal violations of course a person i looked up was exactly what I expected n all of their cases dismissed 	disgust
	Thinking about everything I ate today and wanting to vomit 	disgust
	Professor shawty smell like baby powder and ass crack 	disgust
	hey fuentes0509 lets go TROLLING! lmaaaaoooo (btw look at this guys bare crusty feet on our carpet! OMMFFFGGG !!!)	disgust
	S/O to all the people on the phone venting and ranting right now 	disgust
	Just seen the boy that used to sit next to me in class last year and scratch his balls 	disgust
	Just ate at the shadiest Chinese buffet and now I'm paying for it Eat that Kung pao cat meat 	disgust
	People talking bad about hoes is bad enough but when a girl is postin about how bad she is on FB you know good and well she a hoe 	disgust
	Now I am in a video showing someone popping what looks like an infected cyst YOUTUBE WHY?! BRAIN WHY WONT U STOP being so curious 	disgust
	Just laid down and realized I didn't brush my teeth all day but too tired to do it now	disgust
	girls that wear no underwear with there clothes me	disgust
	“ im bout to start fuckn wit super fat sloppy bitches onlyim talkin lift my belly to get the poon poon”	disgust
	TELL HIM D Indian Constitution does not take begging very kindly he he he 	disgust
	wow i love having a house at the end of a road with high foot traffic just had to remove a caesar salad off my front pathway 	disgust
	So Sandusky's lawyer says he is innocent Shame on all those young kids and boys making up such a story    me 	disgust
	Okay Ya lo encontré es algo asqueroso ynose wn quede en chok párese una infección mi Mamá me dejo traumada _	disgust
	I don't understand why girls drag their feet with heels on 	disgust
	I'm allergic to corn stop trying to offer me popcorn Also it's 8 am 	disgust
	and i fux wit dat adlib on we on   rii after jboe verse  	disgust
	Why does sex have to cross your mind? Cant you just think Omg hes really happy with his BF Nope You me Patethic really	disgust
	Icing on the top was the video Surreal  sickening It's interesting how things like this go viral 	disgust
	it made my skin crawl Does Sandusky WANT people to know he's guilty?  	disgust
	Oh how I hate the feeling of putting on a school uniform after a long break 	disgust
	PnP loses any sort of even remote association with credibility when it has a virulent goof like Flanagan on the show 	disgust
	No lady starbucks is not your fucking living room so put your shoes back on and sit up in that chair 	disgust
	guh n tha was in the cafe soo jus imagine how i felt o_O 	disgust
	drunk people talking about how people with specific fetishes are disgusting well i'm disgusted 	disgust
	Way to blow a 3 goal lead Devils 	disgust
	 you got all them extra piercings started acting dumber and pulled out that cigarette  	disgust
	The awkward moment when you have a little crush on Mr Biss 	disgust
	Maybe one day I'll be able to watch Breaking Dawn with my eyes open the whole time 	disgust
	If I never had to see that couple of virgin diaries kiss again I would be the happiest person alive 	disgust
	Guys that are married  still act like they single me	disgust
	Eww hair stuck on bathroom stall with split ends!!! 	disgust
	Ugh need to drop oomf she's simply a waste of space 	disgust
	So my room ranks  I think it's my roommate's food under her bed 	disgust
	and taking my freedom any time they so choosewhich is essentially what was approved in senate just days ago	disgust
	Did you know there's a remake of The Wicker Man?! Is nothing sacred? 	disgust
	I found the most hurtful judgement to be with a look not  words 	disgust
	School food is a letdown 	disgust
	people with trashy tattoos me seriously that has no meaning?	disgust
	broke bitches so  me gave that bitch a ride got the continental dusty trust me i keep a couple 100s in the duffffy	disgust
	Go take your band of trashy cronies and have sex in some rank cave somewhere out of my sight  	disgust
	I just tweeted about the pipeline Having Canada sell its oil to China upsets me more than even Obamacare 	disgust
	Papa JOHNS  Pizza HUT  Dominos  	disgust
	Forever seeing sappy love quotes on every social networking site i go on  	disgust
	The steelers are such a dirty team  and their QB is a rapist 	disgust
	! RT _DynastyP:  Kiss more than one person in the mouth -____-	disgust
	I promise I just got a text saying when u gone let me get u pregnant The fuck wrong wit ppl? 	disgust
	he just needs to admit we are in love did you see his face?? 	disgust
	the awkward moment when an 'ex' calls u 'sis' WTF? Don't even go there fool! 	disgust
	more often then not  mehh they really think there cute tho  good luck with the next girl coz !!!	disgust
	Where's that flawless Serena tweet about Seriously hope our paths never cross again? MY LIFE RIGHT NOW 	disgust
	My alarm click just said alarm will sound in 1 1/2 hours    ?	disgust
	 why do I always run into the same gross student? 	disgust
	I hate those snotty T shirts that parents buy for their little kids 	disgust
	I dont know why but i hate Jessie J! y cuando la comparan con Gaga ¬¬ 	disgust
	U drink pickle juice like water RT dani_boii: Mhmmmm :) hahaha & laureeetah: Pickles  mayo 	disgust
	Im so bored in this class that im actually counting the dandruff on this boys head im getting him shampoo for christmas lol	disgust
	some dick just called this obviously homosexual guy a fag and i wanted to stuff a hammer in his face 	disgust
	Seriously CNN? You just gave David Addington a platform to question Pres candidates as if he's some moral authority?  	disgust
	Me- If I was a puppet I'd be a marionette Him- I could make you a hand puppet Statements like this make me wish I were gay 	disgust
	This girl next to me smell like a sour cucumber 	disgust
	What you did today at the game was absolutely disgusting You're going to lose the state of Nebraska  	disgust
	I gag in myself wenever i hear my parents say sexci =/ 	disgust
	Seriously when are girls gonna stop dressing like sluts? Don't need 2 post  a picture in a dress that literally was painted on u 	disgust
	Blah I have 4 more hours of work 	disgust
	Just accidentally allowed my skink to lick my tongue because I was mimicking her way too close to her face	disgust
	Eva Mendes? REALLY? I've lost hope in humanity Ryan Gosling you broke my heart 	disgust
	absolute disgrace to world football! No idea ! In it for the money not the love of the game ! Racism talks are a joke 	disgust
	ewww! just sharted!! lord help this child get this demon out her please!	disgust
	When all food seems tastelessand stomach growls at each breath so ur left with no choice but to take it all in	disgust
	I love a girl with thick skin but when you're talking to your man  you say nigga in every sentence  	disgust
	Who eats bananas wit pizza?! 	disgust
	You DUMB FUCKING BITCH!!!! Why is it that out of you and your two 3year-olds YOU are the one sucking your thumb?! The fuck!!! 	disgust
	He asked was it THAT BAD I said I'm afraid so it was fucking HORRIBLE 	disgust
	drugs are bad i dont like when people brag about doing them! 	disgust
	so funny how we all claim to play for the same team while others have secret agenda's and only halla when they need u 	disgust
	Lol that nasty bitch reminds me of Bobby's ex girlfriend  hoodrat 	disgust
	Its all your FAULT that went home You knew she outsung Marcus ugh 	disgust
	hat awkward moment when your teacher thinks brett favre is hot 	disgust
	Girl wearing purple cowboy boots and a camo backpack on campus 	disgust
	the drink my mom gave me to get rid of this cold  	disgust
	Oo the other week our History group sat in a court case with child abuse The mother got 6 years  the boyfriend got 4 and a half 	disgust
	Thank God I don't get the NFL network so I don't have I watch this shit  	disgust
	people who make fun of other people to make themselves feel better just me	disgust
	when I was young I would lick sticks of butter the doc told my mom that it's normal I look back now  wanna puke! 	disgust
	I don't understand what goes through these people heads when they decide to touch children and take their innocence away Straight 	disgust
	I was the best gf and the only one to deal with your bullshit you may get hotter but good luck with anything else with how you are 	disgust
	We are watching that video of that girl getting beat by her father who is a judge 	disgust
	If I find YO panties in my Laundry Basket  you had Skid Marks inside them????? That's   	disgust
	“kayls12390: Dutch apple bagel with salmon cream cheese - choice of breakfast I guess that'll wake your taste buds up 	disgust
	So our screening has been cancelled to make way for a third simultaneous screen of   Screw you Vue 	disgust
	Smells like shit asshole and vomit in the staircase I use the most  	disgust
	Juss read the article A Letter to the GangBangers n it made me sick 2 ma stomach its really sickening	disgust
	fat guy singing to katy perry on youtube = 	disgust
	I haven't listened to the radio in so long and after 5 mins of it now I know why again 	disgust
	U laughn I'm dead ass serious «“_Born2Grind: Broke niggas me ewwwww”ctfu»	disgust
	U mad???? RT couldnt watch that scene on This Christmas smh 	disgust
	I hope for America that the American Music Awards don't really represent American music   	disgust
	Westbound for Wamego to watch the Jayhawks game with a bunch of wildcats? 	disgust
	I don't miss her I miss who I thought she was!!! :) Good on Ya!!!  :)	disgust
	heard screaming infidelities last night made me wanna be at the bar witchu oh wait no whores were there 	disgust
	I can still feel the last patron shot in my throat 	disgust
	I'm honesty ashamed to be living in the same state as Penn State I can't even imagine being a student there expect respect 	disgust
	was that a period poop? it definitely smelled like a period poop 	disgust
	“missdanido: At the movies in the same room that I got my first kiss   ha! I don't want to hear about those memories!	disgust
	Porque sera que en la vida las decepciones están a la orden del día? 	disgust
	Those broads that posted the video of them kicking down a pregnant lady downtown toronto They me  	disgust
	Except that corporations operate w/ either avarice or calculated coldness Fundamentally w/out human compassion 	disgust
	Am pretty sure the guy beside M̶̲̅ε̲̣  simply wokechanged his shirt and trouserstook his books and den headed down here	disgust
	Wow  is high and he just ate some chicken off of N Hubbards lounge floor 	disgust
	I really forgot how bland cafeteria food can be Green beans that taste like paper = 	disgust
	Facebook finally beating Twitter in terms of gas TV commentary  	disgust
	Boobs don't count if you're fat  in pictures 	disgust
	itry to avoid public restrooms as mush as possible they are soo repulsive 	disgust
	I love Chelsea's face when she talks on the phone to David 	disgust
	guess ill watch this sorry ass steelers game 	disgust
	On a side note white people who overuse the word 'niggas' are trash   	disgust
	Just threw up in my mouth People are disgusting  	disgust
	Artiste Masculin International : Justin Bieber James Blunt Enrique Iglesias Mika Sean Paul Pitbull On va s'arrêter là 	disgust
	EXAM EXAM EXAM 	disgust
	it is I laugh everyday at some people They me	disgust
	totally so the fucking man as long as Jesus forgives you anythings okay 	disgust
	It is a  Dani_Coupet: Wow this is RT Fellas money can make a lot of these women do anything	disgust
	i really need to start unfollowing people people meeee	disgust
	I have yet to see a day go by where I don't see Aly Antocha on my timeline… WHY DOES SHE EVEN EXIST? 	disgust
	I'm never ever speaking to that figure of a man again! me	disgust
	This bus smell like sweaty white men 	disgust
	This bus smell like straight FISH !! 	disgust
	 no matter where you go it smells like cigarette smoke 	disgust
	There's a freaking limit to how desi you can get in a foreign country 	disgust
	I hate that commercial on MTV with the girl barfing Like dude I was eating  it popped out !	disgust
	That corny shit played out b You done killed that shit 6 moons ago 	disgust
	 Shot in front of their families? Actually don't think I'd like to watch my mam die!  	disgust
	I hate crazy ex's Like for real dude shoot yourself It's been 2 years 	disgust
	Now I know how she felt when we hit right into a selfish person spot on 	disgust
	Black is no longer beautiful to the masses in world where we are surronded by artificial hair bleached skin and fake asses 	disgust
	“kearycolbert: Boo-c-l-a will represent the South as the PAC-12 South Champs Hahaha What a Joke!!!!”lmaoo I sense pure utter 	disgust
	you can stop blasting your screamo music at the bus stop before i take your ipod and throw it in the road 	disgust
	Don't Yu hate when ppl think Yu sub tweetin them ughme	disgust
	Then there are those obbz who offer you a shot in return for a lap dance 	disgust
	Ugly un straightened teeth me  like if your teeth are like not EVEN close to straight  yet  close it please (:	disgust
	Some people actually say 'my bit' instead of 'my girlfrend/whatever' It's such a geordie thing 	disgust
	Cow hearts in physiology this Friday? 	disgust
	And why is this white girl talkin like a hood rar? 	disgust
	Females who give it up on the first night are dirty!! ~~ yall gotta have more respect for yaself man!!	disgust
	This girl always had a stuffy nose  as opposed to just getting a tissue she sucks her snot up	disgust
	y do females let ex's run them into a lonely ass whole while he still out doin homei dnt kno if i shud smh at him or her 	disgust
	Please PLEASE do not chew gum while you're teaching I'm literally about to be sick  	disgust
	BOPPIN ASS DINGY ASS TRIFLIN ASS HOES ME agreed??	disgust
	So it looks lke the Nuggets are taking over altitudetv Does that mean the Avs will be pushed to Altitude 2 for most game? 	disgust
	Damn I need a car bad I hate to be smelling a persons body odor Its 	disgust
	Having to see someone you don't like on a regular basis - 	disgust
	Rollin on offense this drive then a bad f'n call! 	disgust
	Dad close the door when you piss No one wants to hear you're waterfall 	disgust
	when guys wear tight skinny jeans  blblbl 	disgust
	Whoevere let they're nasty ass dog shit In the middle of the Pavement is dirty as shit ! They have no morals what so ever ! Ew ! me	disgust
	Just watched a grown man belittle his mother in public 	disgust
	lol thats rude RT KRISTINDI0R: still can't believe this guy i used to talk to is gonna have a baby 	disgust
	I'm a huge vampire fan but the twilight series is unbelievable crap! 	disgust
	You are a whiner RT Ok kewllllll 3 day of rain now it's snowing 	disgust
	I can hear my dog farting in sync with her snoring Good thing I'm sick and stuffy 	disgust
	Professor Green is such an Eminem wannabe And Eminem was crap to begin with Oh dear 	disgust
	Horrible experience today toysrus! Waited forever for something simple that I ended up doing anyway!  	disgust
	People from grade school need to grow the fuck up Sorry you're lives are going nowhere have fun with your boring pathetic lives 	disgust
	Watching this tv show this nigga talkin about bein a player  such  suchBYE!!!! 	disgust
	LA Offers Occupiers Housing Office Space Farmland Why??? Because   whines that there are rich people and it's not fair? 	disgust
	i don't think John Lennon even trended today did he? 	disgust
	It's time people grow up and deal with their problems instead of drinking and smoking them away  	disgust
	 The sacking continues Similar to catholic cospiracies 	disgust
	lmfao yeah when you ask bout them ppl look at you with like they ate something bad	disgust
	Literally discussing shit in class 	disgust
	I just texted this ( to somebody on accident and just realized I got a new found emotion lol	disgust
	Life is full of fake peoplBefore you judge them	disgust
