	Making art and viewing art are different at their core!   	fear
	large crowds of manic football fans  mascots 	fear
	Someone on my high school football team is also called Moriarty 	fear
	So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun & 59:19 (KJV)  	fear
	My biggest is loosing you so please don't make me ever face that fear You have no absolutely no idea how much you mean to me	fear
	Father forgive me for my and help me live boldly in Your  	fear
	Waiting for the start of from OfficialPWG The return of  will be a great night!	fear
	People are more likely to die in hospital at the weekend? 	fear
	I'm also putting off getting an eye test as I know ill need glasses!  	fear
	''What is profound might become absolutely meaningless'' 	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes- please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Little hesitant to apply deodorant ever again 	fear
	Is it a lack of  or a of  that make people put up with bullshit	fear
	China has it right regarding  Don't listen to the   rhetoric  mongering disguising    motives	fear
	Had a coffee about 2 hours ago and I'm coming up like a bastard with the and jitters now! Need 2 naggins to calm me down !!!	fear
	Looking through old Facebook photos I noticed circa late spring 2009 aka graduation that my eyes were bugged out  	fear
	And know I pop bottles because I bottle my emotions At least I put it all in the open 	fear
	Never run away from your problem face them face to face cause so they will catch and never let goo RIP Jane Kane	fear
	J'ai cru que c'était qq'un qui se foutait de la gueule de et non c'est le vrai Ça existe encore des gens comme ça 	fear
	She Women share on of technology Fear of not being able to find/trust sone to help Impact: limit potential missed opportunities	fear
	The Lord taketh pleasure in them that fear him in those that hope in his mercy& 147:11 (KJV)   	fear
	suffering from a of failure? what is the worst case scenario? If it is not that bad why are you still afraid?Hmmm I think I am goin…	fear
	My brother just left with my movie  I miss it already!	fear
	   Its a big distraction from our lives They create the illusion of so we accept their Solutions $$	fear
	I feel as though I live in  because there are things I'd like to say in this  post but losing my  	fear
	Twitter you'll never see me run as fast again as I am from right now 	fear
	This seems to be a serious conversation! He seems to be making a proposal Lol :-) Thank you Kat! I love you! XoXo	fear
	is rememered  and is projecting it into the future  comes from pain with blame Primary pain creates 	fear
	I saw the world without any borders in my  I was flying under the sun above the trees no just  Dreams are my reality	fear
	Not walkin up stairs because you're afraid to trip going up 	fear
	There is only one thing that makes a  impossible to achieve: the of failure	fear
	Oh my god   did an awesome play on love that scene	fear
	Fuck all of y'all we ignore feelings here 	fear
	On the way home from Chester Zack drives like something off need for speed :( 	fear
	 of when your phone starts falling towards your face  but you save it 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” good one!	fear
	Crip Walk-Off?  RT ECS Preparty I'm nervous for my digestive organs LoAlex2 starallo jmayshar	fear
	is that how the kids visiting Penn State felt? -- Damn near piss my pants kicking it wit and fattymattychady	fear
	Cats are afraid of water Water=rain Rain=storms Storms=LIGHTNING Therefore Panthers Lightning 	fear
	first the (batman begins)then the  (dark knight)im thinking like  fucking (dark knight rises)	fear
	I feel a certain strange surging thru my soul yet it feels so off-limitswht do I do Wht Is there to say? 	fear
	and guess what song just popped in my head 	fear
	 for remember fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind - Dale Carnegie 	fear
	all this  news has made me very nervous whenever i see a cop  even a friendly cop in the mall  i hate that  	fear
	is the lock   the key to your heart ❤	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Big thanks to for the picture Made my night 	fear
	 said he wants to live in u but  he saw fear in your house occupying your space and u wouldn't invite him in ro get rid of 	fear
	is not necessarily a bad thingas long as it does not compromise ability  desire to recognize  embrace 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	God please shine your grace and mercy on this oddly looking lady that's about to cut my hair Great Clips!	fear
	 is not a strategy  is not a factor is not an option	fear
	i mean for you to hate itnot mei love itbut there are a few people in for a rude awakening is it in you?lmao!!!!!	fear
	oui mais le proctologue porte à confusion chez un certain public  :p	fear
	The time has arrived for to strike in the hearts of the fans I can't wait 	fear
	Intelligence puts man on the throne Faith puts God there     	fear
	Its like time runs to me runs to me faster fastest Oh how I make my self beating no well  ♬   ♬  	fear
	I wish i could get the lyrics to by tattoo'd on my body But that'd be one big ass tattoo	fear
	in any form diminishes my ability to think clearly and trust myself Why in the world is it used as a tool so often?	fear
	 The s not the problem-Your Attention 2 fearful possibilities s the attracting force Stop 8 quick -Cheryl Janecky  	fear
	Got his days numbered before he go against them clipper boys with the speedos and thong flip flops da beach!!!!	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The fear of the  is the beginning of wisdomdoing His will connotes His 	fear
	People think I've changed just cause my appeal has grown 	fear
	I ate a burrito the size of my arm earlier and now i am weathering the calm before the storm 	fear
	I don't need to swear to anything Punch your mrs and you'll wake up with your dick on your pillow next to bloody scissors 	fear
	I Broke Up With Cause I Finally Realized It Was Holding Me Back I'm In Love With  Now It's Now My Motivation	fear
	 You should have the of losing one's softness in the heart and its hardening	fear
	A lot of people's biggest is  and a lot of others is  My biggest fear Death by Clowns! There's nothing scarier!	fear
	Most people the  and also  of their shadows! One who lurks in the darkness is a mystery!	fear
	You know i spend money cause spending time is hopeless 	fear
	My ex a quadruple hoe!! Sumbodi need to gne stop playin w/ her Lil scaryDA LOUDEST DOG N DA POUND KEEP HIS TAIL TUCKED N HIS ASS!! 	fear
	Can't go to bed  I keep looking at the window hoping that my car won't be robbed&  	fear
	Heavy night last night last night with joshsimpson14 Now drive back home and work tomorrow 	fear
	I like this :-)) “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	in thy call you Sister in  thy hate U	fear
	Is it weird that I have a of typing in the wrong thing when I know I was typing too fast and sent it w/o checking?	fear
	But that ain't how it works that ain't how it goes& i'll be getting high just to balance out the lows 	fear
	et que ça serait trop chouette qu'on paye les femmes à rester à la maison 	fear
	I'm expecting an extremely important phonecall any minute now  	fear
	have to drink water so that the kidneys are not sick !! :(	fear
	My soul has just been pierced by the most evil look from rickosborneorg A mini panic attack  chill in bones followed soon after 	fear
	Hate driving next to 18 Wheelers Heart starts pounding through my chest every time 	fear
	I would breeze through them Spiders the Snakes however different matter 	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the of  Basically I'm saying focus on getting ur mind right	fear
	smh wus wrong wit niggas these days a  that  to another  does it out of in my eyes smh lot of niggas lie to me	fear
	I'm not actually writing a physics exam today 	fear
	unburden  That's what I want to do I hope that google has translated correctly! hahaha 	fear
	Oi Xmas hold surely we b2b [rec]  [rec]2   effect	fear
	Where ever resides at in your life move in that direction with boldness! The more u go the less it has power ova you	fear
	'The Spirit of causes dis-easeIt is a disease'- Creflo_Dollar	fear
	I smell now  Market is in regret	fear
	Is ur child a worry wart? Here is a tip from Wilma Jean the Worry Machine Genuinely accept your child’s    	fear
	it is exciting except yerno I haven't finished my essay or my translation 	fear
	iyaa dong RT azurazr: kita mau dong ( ) jadi reporter jakcloth  	fear
	I hate wanting to give my all but not knowing if i'll get it back 	fear
	 and  Think about itbased on your belief u don't even lose your  when u lose your physical  	fear
	Moral to the story? A little can be used as a huge  	fear
	Life is short live it  is rare grab it Anger is bad dump it is awful face it  are sweet cherish them	fear
	Just had a great movie marathon with my wonderful roommate     can't get any better than that :)	fear
	I was interviewing a gurl and she flipped the tables on me by questioning me in the freakest way ever! The rapist got mind raped ppl! 	fear
	They say your penis is related to your shoe size Well that makes the of getting raped by a clown much scarier	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Faith is the voice of God Fear is the voice of satan We can't listen to two voices To do so makes us double-minded  	fear
	Tenn and Ole Miss declined to play SC next year 	fear
	Je suis foutu Les Québécois ont trouvé mon mail ils m'avertissent que je dois utiliser courriel dans mes articles 	fear
	Damn if only she knew :( I don't wanna fall for you ckuz ik you won't pic me up Trying hard not to 	fear
	Sneezing an simultaneously farting 	fear
	Night tweeps!! Back to school ulit bukas! If you think the worst is over wait for the exam results :)  	fear
	Some folks r really mean 2 me That doesn't scare me What scares me is how ridiculous it became 2 suggest 2 pay for music  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Rappel: d'ici au 31/12 les banques européennes doivent présenter des ratios de solva corrects malgré les pertes sur la Grèce 	fear
	Loneliness It can cause a bad effect-- when we least expect it and have the lowest tolerance for it I only want it when I'm reading 	fear
	Seeing a stray dog run right pass you on Morehouse campus 	fear
	is nothing else than perverted  Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to 	fear
	Les podcasts le time-shifting  suis en train de comprendre 	fear
	love it! the ultimate adult weapon!haha!	fear
	Larry fucks with me everytime RT ToeNailUrFace: In about 48 hours some of us lucky ones will be frisked by security 	fear
	Awesome time at 's 'Fighting Fear' première last night in Leicester Square - Check out the HD trailer on our Facebook page 	fear
	I thhink its funny will call me bout the lakers but wont answer when we tryna hoop hmm 	fear
	Overheard during Thanksgiving dinner: They're going to PROVIDENCE executions drive-bys murder rate that awful parking garage 	fear
	Comme au match aller un CSKA sans génie subit la loi des Lilloisjusque dans les dernières minutes?  	fear
	my entire drunken family is trying to get me to play just dance this is horendous   	fear
	I'm in the most painful situation in definition of: damned if I do and damned if I don't   what is 	fear
	I also hate the dentist  and that's were I am heading to I wish he was on strike lol 	fear
	of the Unknown  replace  and  with ambiguity and uncertainty    	fear
	 last forever last til the person gets over it and confronts it or til someone badder comes along	fear
	I decree and declare the has NO authority over your life In Jesus Name Amen	fear
	wat happened sat nite?can't rem much where back at that party? 	fear
	Bon On va tenter la cuisine avec l'huile d'arachide  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	bulls need to complete signandtrade for crawford sign bulter the rest of the league can sit back and pull the covers up their chins 	fear
	I think they call this um Venting 	fear
	Forget Everything And Remember For Everything A Reason 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” wow great words!	fear
	 is like the red headed male  step-child of who ain't come out the closet and got a black sheep for a pet	fear
	FEAR - False Evidence Appearing Real         	fear
	često zamišljam taj dan ali to me sve više udaljava od istog 	fear
	how do you let go of the fear when it is time to step up to the plate? 	fear
	 is the of phobias or the fear of fear A person with Phobophobia is mortified of developing a  	fear
	I felt fine this morning blatantly due to still being pissed then my condition rapidly deteriorated  	fear
	People talk about things being awkward awkwardness only enters a situation if you allow it too awkwardness comes from 	fear
	bob would not like to be on your head come Saturday morning ! 	fear
	Thank you so much for tonight It was truly a blessing If God did give then where did it come from 	fear
	wat du i fink about success? It sucks its much stressi guess i blew up quicksuccessJAY Z	fear
	Three hour grammar final in half an hour 	fear
	Giving the mouse hand puppet a gravelly Michael Gambon-esque voice at Thanksgiving got mixed responses from young cousins 	fear
	Giving this a try No owl lamp 	fear
	Word up Rev! RT RevRunWisdom: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	miss geng-2 clan  bila la aku bole join korang ? :/	fear
	is the wrong use of imagination It is anticipating the worst not the best 	fear
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I will not be attending  today due to severe   I will send my best wishes though Love'n'bubbles	fear
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	This year I don't intend to drive in the snow and ESPECIALLY not on the motorway RESPECT mother nature 	fear
	 has told U not to  not to be   That should be good enough reason for you to enter this day with  	fear
	This things appear to be true but I know for sure its false 	fear
	When I was an adoption agent we put folk thru the RINGER to get kids But any old Travionica Jenkins can bust em out And KEEP them 	fear
	My babe is MIA  think my crying earlier caused stress  hope he didn't go out  do something dumb 	fear
	Nothing hurts worse than taking away what he loves to do mostPut in quarterbacks on Sunday 	fear
	I hate the DentistWith a passion	fear
	wake up in the morning eat some flakes buck up go to work for poverty wages send your kids to  war get sick go broke repeat	fear
	This sound guy is so fucking fired  	fear
	Value and source of  we know  God knows  of the   Job 28 	fear
	You know that scary realization you are not going to make it until your next paycheck? Yeah that Payday is a painful 13 days away 	fear
	Don't know many who can take a cancer diagnosis lightly too much   	fear
	I was terrified as well It made me not ever want to celebrate Christmas in Middle Earth  	fear
	Thanks 4 all the hard work Can't wait 2 rewatch on dvd when available	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I turn and I see nobody but my shadow still keep my heart asking wTFa nicca just got paranoid over his own dark sidenot! GOD lives	fear
	checking your phone in the washroom and accidentally dropping it in the toiletlol	fear
	this will be my first Christmas on twitter looking forward to 2/3 weeks of solid being tweeted	fear
	remember this we took your land thanks so much day that we're winning the war on terror by an AMAZING margin but keep your up people	fear
	En 2007 Bayrou a dû attendre janvier pour avoir un sondage le mettant au-dessus des 10 % Pour 2012 il y est déjà 	fear
	Well the birthday surprise was a fail that professor has chronic bitch face We freaked ran in threw her gifts at her then ran out 	fear
	constant growthno reason to that or say  to that	fear
	Going to be a long long day in work Also not looking forward to these photos from last night 	fear
	sometime I don't even have to talk to my kids I give them certain looks and they know exactly what to do 	fear
	their are spies everywhere but the fruits are so big and the land have giantsbut the lord told you to take the land but you have 	fear
	I hate trucks I hate truckers Omg I hate trucks 	fear
	The children of Israel remained in the desert for 40 years because they wouldn't trust God  What is doing to your future?	fear
	ed io vorrei un mondo senza guerreLa chiesa ha più potere oggi di quanto lo avesse con i precedenti governi  	fear
	I'm so scared! Is this really how life forces certain circumstances on people? It's so hard  	fear
	If you say your not scared of anything  it's a lie  is in everyone  But you have to fight it  Because  beyond fear is 	fear
	Genghis Khan Adolf Hitler Benito Mussolini Napoleon Bonaparte and LaToya Jackson all share a common of cats	fear
	repercussion when you go back to  on holiday rules educating ourselves is important Thinkit is not illigal yet!	fear
	The Lord will  you from all evil he will  your Life& Psalm 121:7 God is a  walk no evil for YOU are being !	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	I'm about to eat Taco Bell for the first time in over 10 years 	fear
	The pole of light outside my window is shaking violently  	fear
	all right mate wanna buy a tv? fuckin do one alien  dont ring me again with that kinda bullshit	fear
	FEAR = False Evidence Appearing Real   	fear
	factor is coming back to TV! Guilty pleasure of mine	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	!!! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	Grimpe pas dans les rideaux! Mange pas tes bas!  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen& and I love today 	fear
	look if we can't make the occasional crass sexual joke about serious protests the terrorists have already won 	fear
	Y a  qui se définit comme Friend of the Israeli soldier and Mossad agent qui me follow sur twitter 	fear
	there's so many things holding me back like 	fear
	 our need to always be right! RT FredericBrussat: To live a creative life we must lose our of being wrong  Joseph Chilton Pearce	fear
	People a majority according gallup nationwide support legalizing marijuana so why don't Dems?  	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	2)March 2009the market said : the opportunity was therebut COURAGE was missing The factor was too strong	fear
	There is danger in traditional paper media calling electronic media (youtube blogger etc) not real  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Saiu nos cinemas americanos um remake de The Thing filme que na minha infância me fez ficar noites sem dormir 	fear
	He told me he was  with me told me not to tell him I felt those butterflies too	fear
	You know you're scared when you have every single light on in your apartment  don't even notice it! 	fear
	Never Shadows They Simply Mean There Is A Light Shining Somewhere Nearby   	fear
	he wants be bacc ! butt    ion kno mann !	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	The only song I can really really like of his RT CBake_OneSeven: Drake be writing that real 	fear
	Seems that the sky will fall with so much rain lightning never seen so many in a  only night oO 	fear
	Resist Launch out into the deep!	fear
	Je n'ai jamais été aussi à la bourre pour écrire une plaidoirie  	fear
	A good day!! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	is a creative block to our body's natural flow of  and  that are often not cultivated in the Western mind	fear
	I dont know how I can let someone in again the of a repeat is greater than my fear of being shot 	fear
	is a bad asswatch out tweeter world has come of age 	fear
	RT“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Yeahh you dnt like me but still ill ride around ya side of town wit no in my blood	fear
	Why does every single thing have to terrify me more than it should  	fear
	Emotional  is less tangible and far more powerful than physical risk   	fear
	««not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »»	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I saw yesterday and I love today 	fear
	go  this season  needs you the word can not happen w/o you	fear
	Concered my of hights today! Went all the way to the top of climbing! Sooo proud and beat enrique on quad biking!:D love my girls x	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Rt RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Thank you you guys for all the support we will be playing at either 3 45 or 5 so come watch your favorite team 	fear
	J crois que k ressemble à un zombie et que j fais flipper tlm dans la 7   	fear
	TY 4 tweets Gr8 reminder that we're all same in or out we all grow want peace  love acceptance feel alone  	fear
	In life there is either  or -I pick  ~David Murphy	fear
	I can wait to see the return of factor tomorrow My wife however is not	fear
	Could you give me url for live stream? 	fear
	Necromancians   Affaire du policier mort pas mort mort : N  adepte d'Abdul Al-Hazred ?  	fear
	I'll get my result of high school 	fear
	Garacias a ti es seguroo que el clima esta en el alma!! 	fear
	Mon voisin de train d'hier soir s'est sifflé 7 bières un paquet de nicorette et a communiqué avec sa vitre pendant trois heures 	fear
	 driving and sneezing on the highway	fear
	I've a funny feeling the  I painstakingly planned for tomorrow is going to fail Too many IT issues today 	fear
	Courage is knowing what not to fear - Plato   	fear
	It's silly how we things that % won't happen  doubt things that 99% will happen 	fear
	And know that I pop bottles because I bottle my emotions at least I put it all in the open 	fear
	Are you allowing to sabotage Your Empowering  ? Give it back! 2 Timothy 2:7 	fear
	I'm definitely wearing something neutral over my red in Baton Rouge next week 	fear
	What would you be doing right now if you wasn't afraid Don't let stop you!!!!	fear
	Sitting at FSU just chilling with friends Still waiting to get acceptance letters from the colleges I applied too  	fear
	The honesty in my music has left me too exposed 	fear
	I know your joking cos it's all  in the family Thought of drink gives me 	fear
	only if failing wasnt my biggest i wouldn't go to school tomorrow smh	fear
	What you will come upon you Do not let fear creep into your mind It will drain your   eat away at your 	fear
	Staff_9 U gotta get aggressive  out of them lame as plays s the offense then go down the field Put in them	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	The day I first met you you told me you'd never fall  but now that I know you I know is what it really was!	fear
	Espero con ansias toparme esa recopilación de cuentos de terror de  jajaja gusto culposo!!	fear
	Our greatest fear is not that we can't our greatest is that we can but we haven't and are not doing anything with that !	fear
	Somehow I've got to get to trend That way I can have another way to spread fear across the world without needing an inhaler	fear
	i just narrowly escaped being left solo with 2 children 	fear
	I would hate to have a baby mom that's a baby girl 	fear
	I hear factor is back on the air	fear
	Don't let to rob your prayer life of the  it is supposed to have  	fear
	If you  someone tell him or her Forget about the rules or the of looking ridiculous	fear
	who will also increase our wage bill? No sense bringing in anyone What message does that say to our yound talents? 	fear
	Fear is the mind-killer I will face my fear I will permit it to pass over me and through me 	fear
	Lo ga takut untuk mencintai yang lo takutin adalah tidak dicintai balik  	fear
	Ontem fiz trança embutida com o cabelo molhado e quando fui dormir fiz um coque ai agora soltei o cabelo e ele continua molhado oO	fear
	You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith  ~Mary Manin Morrissey 	fear
	The only thing holding all of us back is the of 	fear
	I mean even Archie Manning said complimentary things about us! 	fear
	So my pic flood will start in 5 minutes If you don't like wrestling or a fan of my photography  you were warned	fear
	freak that cockroach who flew during choir practice   else but cockroach NOT!!!!	fear
	Don't believe the lies Look me in my eyes Please don't be scared of me 	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Torres' Entrance strikes fear into the supporters behind the Chelsea net of being hit	fear
	I think my fear of squirrels came from seeing National Lampoons Xmas Vacation as a childa squirrel attacks a woman in it 	fear
	We all have a  voice a story& duty to those silenced with fear& and misconception to stand strong against tides of 	fear
	going to see a friend's band play tonight in Midland    	fear
	The shrieks of terror coming from down the corridor as my flatmate plays are endlessly entertaining	fear
	The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true  -Martha Beck	fear
	2 TIX TO TONIGHT'S BUT NO FUCKING RIDE!!! FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK	fear
	yo mane you think pac will fight you in may? rumor says 4th fight with marquez whom you handled? i think hes scared 	fear
	is in me being  to lose once again  me I'll be this way till proven wrong!	fear
	C'mon people his last match in the US and you didn't think Dick Togo would be   	fear
	I struggled with and  for years that prevented me from learning to drive Finally got my license this year 	fear
	J'avais décidé de me coucher et puis finalement j'aime pas trop le lit vide et le bruit dans le couloir 	fear
	The average adult spends four years of their life suffering from a hangover that is and today ha ha!! 	fear
	we do my is I don't wanna mess upbut no doubt McGill is a good school I just don't wanna live in Montreal lol	fear
	A 4h du mat ma xbox360 m'a fait un pseudo Red Ring En fait le disque dur était plus reconnu et il empêchait le démarrage! 	fear
	I'd offer to do a strip tease but my wife is currently hormonal and might kill me 	fear
	We fear losing that mercy we fear losing His protection and his shade from harm  and 	fear
	Sometimes we the decisions that are the most difficult to make They still must be made tho	fear
	players like jay over there pinch punch grab your conkers twist nipples and pull hairs they looked over at u in horror 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Hahaha just got a shot at the doctors and was the nurse was about to kill me because I was freaking out so much 	fear
	“FrankyFade: The team is hot  iamthefabian” yes sir	fear
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	Food for thought: falling and loud noises are the only fears we are born with - all others are learned through life experiences  	fear
	There is no shame in being afraid We are all afraid of something 	fear
	[Or hear] I do not  in   am SURE of it  I am not  because I feel no worthiness in me?	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	fmpundit i will play in 4º Wales division 	fear
	Bordel elle sort d'où Miss Bretagne ? 	fear
	I feel great slept from 2230 until my alarm went off why have you the ?	fear
	if u say sum bout me behind my back its  sum u bout me!	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Let's drink some beer  more beer my music's trying to tell me something	fear
	plz dun tell to Jay who disclosed this ep (jk ekekekekeke)	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	I A♏ not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today less	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Rt“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	'Gripped by fear' is an oddly apt phrase for times when it feels like fear is gripping you It's like you're being gripped by fear 	fear
	Follow me on Twitter for official results and coverage	fear
	and  have equivalent power The first moves you backward and the second moves you forward 	fear
	It's hard when you something you have to do! Just because you don't feel like you're ready Am I ready to ???	fear
	I'm so afraid of viruses now why did he have to watch this video?! 	fear
	After what  news has brought out in the news there is NO way our family will ever fly Sad but true  it sucks actually 	fear
	Devrais-je me coucher ou continuer à veiller jusqu'a ce que j'entende un bruit et penser à mes parents qui viennent ? 	fear
	op school bezig met fm aan! zeker vet haha	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	I have a that one day I'm going to sit to pee and something's going to bite my ass or worse my twat  	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Will Reseda riot after  I win tomorrow?  	fear
	was an AMAZING show Thnx and everyone else 4 a great show!	fear
	Tigers up 10 34-24 with 4:50 left in the first half South Alabama coach Ronnie Arrow calls another timeout Told you we smell 	fear
	 Talks Going Well? Most Pissed Off with  Play Acting  Playing Dangerous Games ?  	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I've been joined in the Soudain gamble by the man the Scunny bookies call bespectacled death  	fear
	remember: if you serve pork today and you see one of your friends/family avoid it they're probably muslim terrorists report them! 	fear
	But when he saw the wind boisterous he was afraid  and beginning to sink  he cried  saying Lord save me Matthew 14:30 	fear
	My two guitars after a lot of years togetherhad decided to fell the night I was seeing Paranormal Activity 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	is a motivator to do or not to do  it should be in harmony with other motivators and naturally is	fear
	This Duke game is going to give me a panic attack and it hasn't even started 	fear
	IslamChat: You should have the of losing one's softness in the heart and its hardening	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	EVERYDAY IS A GAME CALL IT FACTOR	fear
	Every word that comes out of my mouth I pray it doesn't push you away 	fear
	Cant wait for the day i feel the same RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Matt Moore knew what was gonna happen to him if he tried to get that ball from D-Ware 	fear
	toss the 2004 aside get one from 1999 and well turn up some Will Smith  the new Millennium!	fear
	Children that don't talk are scary when sick What's this rash now? And was that what the nightlong crying was about?  	fear
	They'll? Jeez I thought I was only being sent one I'm either the luckiest or unluckiest guy ever 	fear
	Gotta love that moment when your parents say your full name and you start thinking of all the bad things you've done recently 	fear
	Proud of Rowan Williams Anglican Church has morality  freedom to show social compassion without or constraint but   	fear
	If didn't exist I would run up to you  tell you how much I LOVE YOU !	fear
	Eeee!!! I leave Friday morning for LA!!!! OMG!!!     	fear
	ain vi a foto de um acidente de carro aqui no face to apavorada ! s 	fear
	Simply RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The of loving or atleast allowing yourself to fall for a person who you know prolly won't fall for you yet it feels so ryt!!!☹☺	fear
	Free Expression As Revolution 	fear
	terrified to hear singing karaoke tomorrow i think my ears might start bleeding	fear
	A night out watching airplanes! If only i cud enjoy getting on it as much as i enjoy watching it fly across the sky 	fear
	Walking back from the gas station me Brooklyns_MoKo and Faisal saw a dog without a leash and freaked the hell out 	fear
	Fuck! Only a girl's anger on your silly questions can make you sweat in temperature near 12°C! or  	fear
	When your back from a busy day didnt get to watch the match and than realize I hope I recorded  :| 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	everytime I come home from work at nite I sprint to the house 	fear
	is such a weak emotion that's why I despise it	fear
	the awkward moment when someone who shouldn't wear a thong does Oo 	fear
	Visto hoy : CF dándolo todo muyyy drum'n'bass ella jajajaja Oo 	fear
	Le fanatisme est flippant même lorsqu'il s'agit de Twilight Des nanas de 50 piges qui se font tatouer des scènes du film ^^ 	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	The wind just sounded like a woman SCREAMING 	fear
	They  should make a second  movie where  wears the ring of 	fear
	Been watching Gshore series1 all day Never wanted to put loadsa tan on hit the club and pull some lads so much in my life 	fear
	Thunder and lightning used to scare the shit out of me when I was young I remembered watching Blue's Clues and the power went out 	fear
	I feel dreadful though not as dreadful as my married colleague who spent the evening rubbing the crotches of men in the office  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Ahhhh!!! I'm worried about the dentist why did I put it off so long!! 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	J'ai envie de dire que c'est la magie DEL INt3N3T ! On peut tomber sur des trucs WTF 	fear
	Serasa semua menuntuk tuk terjadi segera While my ego doubt to its other one Memang ada satu jenis pelan dan mematikan 	fear
	“To live your  in the of losing it is to lose the point of life” — Malcolm 	fear
	I  myself by trying to clear the motivation of from my intentions  trust that  is guiding me for his undefined 	fear
	I feel like I'm missing out on the things I should be doing at this age I really hope not though 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” Onwards  upwards!	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I neva was da type to bite ma tongue explain maself 2 anybdynone but god	fear
	Word RT mindofH: look if we can't make the occasional crass sexual joke about serious protests the terrorists have already won 	fear
	Ce moment effrayant quand tu regardes un film d'horreur seul la nuit et que t'as l'impression d'avoir entendu un bruit  	fear
	I remember you this feeling isn't new& please don't be scared of me 	fear
	And so it beginsthe countdown to a  and the possibility of an almost-new life  	fear
	“mattmosley: This is the shakiest 14-point lead in history of college football” lol 	fear
	When you say something and you pray the person don't hear	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	'The spirit of is from the evil oneSatan IS THAT spirit	fear
	Late flight made me miss seeing in Largo Thank you Chris for coming to  	fear
	Listening to some older punk including one of my favs FEAR amazed at how  the lyrics which are 30 yrs old are still relevant today 	fear
	getting too comfortable being single  end up lonely for the rest of my	fear
	Bordel de merde c'est moi ou la trend Française est à gerber en ce moment ? 	fear
	I love that RT “RevRunWisdom: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	At WalMart with and she just saw a midget and freaked completely out! will KILL you lol!	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	Really afraid to be bipolar and have more problems of self harm than cutting … :'( 	fear
	Just walked past a Asian girl and she grabs her BF's arm Now I know all races even my own are afraid of me  	fear
	is the weapon of choice used by bullies  cowards who feel powerless-2 control  manipulate others 4 their own means	fear
	only thing holding me back	fear
	Gut wrenching pain Please don't let it be true 	fear
	 for giving me high final project scores Now to get A's on all my finals right  	fear
	 Don't mixing  brands If it works for you  XO :)	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	fear comes when you project scenarios into the future live here and abide in the unfolding present moment  	fear
	Going to have a hot chocolate at 10 when I watch american horror story will help me sleep after 	fear
	Je ne sais pas comment j'ai RT un truc que je ne connais pas Peur du piratage 	fear
	 sounds amazing as always I should really find a way to watch the product	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	if you're getting your information from a website not run by the gov't or 1 of 6 approved corporations you probably the wrong people	fear
	Haha ye found it was in Krystle When I first read that I thought I was drunkenly looking for something else  	fear
	I was brave enough ta b born in da world none	fear
	I think im scared of what the future holds I was wishing for some things and now im used to those 	fear
	There's a mysterious ticking noise somewhere by my bed  not the  puppet pals kind 	fear
	I don't like sharing my feelings Im scared you'll run if I admit something 	fear
	Joe Rogan is back at it Factor	fear
	First away game at Parrot Academy today!! wish our V Boys and Girls luck if you see them in today :) 	fear
	the heartstopping moment where you think you've pulled out your headphones in the silent library 	fear
	What happened to originality? Everybody is following the same trend Nobody wants to step out of the box is a !	fear
	Driving my family 2 any where is no fun ! !	fear
	5 minutes till pizza express pizza is cooked 	fear
	HOW DID YOU KNOW MY UNCLE WAS A CRAZY CONSERVATIVE!!! He wears a helmet in his own car 	fear
	dear  pls watch the  game tonight  stare every Caps players like the time u froze your food by just staring 	fear
	Les meilleurs Rick Roll restent à venir ! 	fear
	Day 2 of my brother's stay in emergency   	fear
	&  Add those three things up and you have a symptom called  u wanna learn [:	fear
	If I said I nothing I'd be a lying I'm deathly afraid of grown straight men with uncomfortably high voices 	fear
	end of life symptoms/not eating sleeping alot/is Ma's life ending?       	fear
	my humble prediction 1252-1260 all day  hope I'm wrong either way trade the range!	fear
	:) security is a very juicy business 	fear
	“drakellaj: I hope you know that y'all the reason I have fun still )': 3drake	fear
	Eventually I will get tired of running  	fear
	We nah  ah  nah ah  We nah  from  No bowy nah badda Dan weeeee 	fear
	If we deny  that is given to usif we refuse to give love because we  or lossthen our lives will be emptyour loss greater	fear
	saw  on the tv stand they smelled like a combination of and  if that b*tch thinks i'm wearing them	fear
	Life is a game the chips fall where they may but most times they don't fall where you want them 	fear
	Oh god the drunken disorderlyness on Sat night was outrageous  the has set in nicely! Hope u had a good one 	fear
	I live about an hour from Burbank tooMaybe I will purchase today and get it by Fri so I can watch it before 	fear
	Why is touching kitten and me so much? What is happening? 	fear
	“GE_LovingHer: When fear knocks on your door answer with faith! VS ”	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Adam: I was afraid -Gen 3:10 ~ Abram: Do not be afraid -Gen 15:1 ~ Sarah: she was afraid-Gen 18:15 ~ Jacob:I was afraid -Gen 31:31 	fear
	Look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me I remember you this feeling isn't you so please don't be scared of me 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	You wasnt smiling last night! Everytime i got around you your heart started racing and your lip trembled! 	fear
	kinda sad u made twitter now i cant beak you cause I'm afraid you'll read it   	fear
	Sometimes I prefer not to talk about itI'm not a liar or a fraud sometimes people make me feel afraid to say everything  	fear
	Le mec à côté de moi dans le tgv lis Nietzsche et il essaye d'engager la conversation 	fear
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	So do we stay friends forever? 	fear
	Goodbye Farewell So Long 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I lived today ”	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Maryland wins 4-0 over ODU - will face Carolina in NCAA Final on Sunday - they played a tremendous game - The Turtle! 	fear
	 is an  that one’s  will withdraw into ones abdomen seen only in Malaya and other regions of southern 	fear
	if your heart is filled with faith then you cant let go an let  deal with it!	fear
	some  ians want to replace a military dictatorship with a civilian one to avoid elections at any cost 	fear
	by  is still the realist song ever made by him Way too explicit for fakes 	fear
	A Classic its up there with All Quiet OTWF! Books of this quality inspired M Foot's Military Intelligence a Contradiction in Terms	fear
	I did it! I conquered nerves and  THANK YOU SO MUCH for learning the song  lol 'preciate it :)	fear
	Don't let grab your tongue nor let it confine  your   is too short to live an   ~milla	fear
	Isaiah 54:14 “I am far from oppression and fear does not come near me”   	fear
	 in the morning  in the evening It's been a good day	fear
	water level rising near my home  	fear
	Je ferais bien mon shopping coiffure pour le prochain Grand Webze mais y a rien qui me branche Surtout pas Sylvie Tellier en tout cas 	fear
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions 	fear
	The Cloud just asked me lotza personal questions re: myself Been avoiding upgrades awhile due 2this   	fear
	They should make a 24hours a day Reese Witherspoon channel I wouldn't change the channel 	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me In the eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Les mecs à la sortie du metro 4 à gdn et qui attendent que tu passes pour degainer leur toupie lumineuse  	fear
	Why is it so easy to like someone  so difficult to tell em about it? 	fear
	would it offend you if when I listen to otFailure (the song) I'm thinking about girls?	fear
	My sippin and thuggin level is off the charts right now Patrons at dawns are whispering about me 	fear
	If my tears hold value I will drop one for every single thing he showed Us 	fear
	i DONT want to be one of the people God denys when its judgement day  that's my !	fear
	women OooImagine ur Female artiste decide to giv u blowJob inside studiou nor fit ask for session money again naChoiii	fear
	Niggas is bitch everytime you see me you walking with your head down  cmon son i dont want you to me 	fear
	being single for the rest of my life and never being able to start a family to share my success and accomplishment with :(	fear
	at what age does one gain this concept known as common sense?  	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	selon doctissimo le verdict est sans appel: cancer du cerveau !! 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	u dont wanna lose to MUSA is that what it isscared money dont make no moneyCash	fear
	Woke up to an open closet door&  D:	fear
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions 	fear
	The of your toes about to get chopped off when you see the cutting knife slip off the bench	fear
	Genre ! Dommage pas la VOD ce soir 'Qu'ils mangent de la brioche !'	fear
	I dnt open up a lot to my partner as much as I shouldis letting my guard down  yu not gaf  hurt me reason why I dnt get attatched	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I have a slight irrational of disappearing or going into a fugue state somewhere    now  help me w/that	fear
	 to perform You're Gonna Go Far Kid by Offspring on my next tour! having regrets  TWLOHA	fear
	A leader is a coach not a judge     	fear
	you are reporting on the basis of please stop trying to place  into viewers It's uncool  	fear
	just texted a higher-ranking officer than I and asked if it would be okay for me to replace him   	fear
	I'm scared to love because I'm scared you'll leave 	fear
	   - leave it all behind  enjoy life InshAllah!	fear
	Sumtimes d fear of being jobless after school gives me the creeps!     of an undergraduate	fear
	Dont believe the lies Look me in my eyes Please dont be scared of me& remember you this feeling isnt new   dnt 	fear
	Hate snakes so much can't even watch them on tv 	fear
	thanks 4 having me Great seeing u Hope u home safe BED  hanging here  	fear
	is the weapon of choice that  uses against the saints of the Most HighFear   you won't have the fear of the world✡Prov2:5	fear
	i should clarify: we're winning the *game* of terror not the war on it america terrorizes like fucking no one does still plenty to 	fear
	AuthenticGecko: I'm finding this is true  is of oneself ~ Wilhelm Stekel  I would agree	fear
	Its funny how we take a day a year to dress up in costumes and celebrate 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Lol Have No DRoss Is Here! (Hero Voice)	fear
	The only way I can describe week 13: in Harry Potter when everyone is scared to say Voldemort's name out loud 	fear
	If there were no  to hide behind I wonder if the  would cause some people to destroy themselves with 	fear
	I for the  hauling my stuffed   out to me she might  up coming out with a stump where her  was	fear
	was a great closer for 2011 Awesome night  was still the best and will be hard to top	fear
	If my tears hold value then I will drop one for every single thing you showed us and I'll be standing in a puddle  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Question: Do you live in a world of or 	fear
	OK donc je découvre Man va Wild Et en plus c'est le best of 	fear
	Mañana a la pista de hielo de Menacho con la clase de E Fisica deseadme suerte para que no me haga un esguince o algo peor x) 	fear
	LA bound in just a few short hours An early xmas gift for me and would certainly be a big win at PWG  	fear
	Why does ppl say they're  when they know they aintr u trying to trick ur mind is the biggest thing right now Check it	fear
	I have always told hubby I could do FACTOR but after watching a few old episodesSMDH!	fear
	Gonna be awake all night after seeing those snakes 	fear
	is all to do with  Have Faith in the perfect  which casts out fearWho is that perfect love?  	fear
	nice pun there to make me chuckle thanks Kev! Still petrified though I woke up with a wheezy chest 	fear
	Playing NOW on Hardest: BYZPO Radio Show Session  Tune in listen and enjoy	fear
	Lmao Cute RT ThaMagicTouch: The thingy is kinda cute tho RT Thee_Tyson: RT AliHMirza:  = Forget Everything and Rap	fear
	_AndreasHuebner: is nothing else than perverted  Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to 	fear
	We're ALL afraid of something herebc u ain't human w/o 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Just received news that I'm taking on the 400 Rep Challenge tomorrow Sounds like bedtime for me 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Hot5's competing at the Petersen Event Center tomorrow!! Come out and support them!!  this	fear
	That's really the only problem Ppl think they should naturally only love and be fulfilled by 1 person When it doesn't happen?  	fear
	The fear of being hurt in a relationship usually causes you to stay single or fear getting attached to a person  	fear
	In order to  your desire for  has to be greater than your of  ~Bill Cosby	fear
	Ok now im scared   Im the only one up in my house   I guess im going to sleep  	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Serious sinking in I apologize to anyone I offended/annoyed/embarrassed myself in front of last night  	fear
	*wanders the downtown area w im_no_ser ppl watching  ears perked at all the noise  gossip*   Rhaegal_	fear
	The Lord is my light  salvation-Whom shall I fear? is Not an option! !	fear
	Haha i don't like seeing that bear sober 	fear
	Le regard de Jimmy Wales fondateur de  me fait tellement flipper  J'ose même pas aller voir la page de Danièle  	fear
	 9 My biggest fear is needles I can't stand getting a shot  	fear
	I find myself sprinting but it doesnt hurt as much on my hamstring no moreis leaving	fear
	“AA9_Era: Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes -Drake NP”please don't be scared of meListen to more milli by drakeandbirdman	fear
	We must not give in to the  must face those things we the most	fear
	can I get a RT for and the return of Super Dragon teaming with vs NickJacksonYB	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	““not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	Niggas Tryna Live Off Im Tryna Live Off  Cuz Without It Don't Nobody Give A Fuck About You R/S	fear
	is the greatest threat if  reduces watr lvl by 120 half worries off 	fear
	On the edge of slipping and winning 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  via TweetCaster	fear
	You gotta feel the - and  it anyway! :) (Said by me former girl child soloist (I was good - semi-pro)	fear
	Gotta be Vanners for me more deadly more reliable! AND even if he werent (which I think he is) the opposition think he is !	fear
	Small talk is a bi 	fear
	Woot! Woot! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Does anyone else get nervous when a member of your household attempts a new recipe?   	fear
	I get lightheaded whenever they show surgical procedures on TV my knees start to hurt eyes squint stomach turns I'm such a pussy 	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	is the best movie of the 90s forest gump doesnt get rated its so good and titanic is in a distantttttt second	fear
	Nightmare about war Freaked the fuck right out of me      	fear
	not when fear not why fear not much while we're alive Fear not die I'll be alive for a million year   	fear
	can affect your reasoning Even brave men can lose their  for a time if injured or exhausted	fear
	 2nd half results: Wolves d SSB Generico d Togo Steen/Dragon d Bucks to win the tag titles	fear
	Nerves are all edgy tonight been like it all day tooth posioning I expect will have to go to denist putting it off 3 years  	fear
	 terror only brings more violence  war war only dehumanizes EVERYONE times like these *need* dissent  	fear
	Sorry I don't live in and I don't need NO MAN as a LEADER (I AM ROYALTY) A KING ALREADY (SELAH)	fear
	Cant decide what shirt to wear tonight 	fear
	Fear will always haunt me but hope will always conquer   	fear
	My uncle isn't even messaging me and him missing in my life is kind of messing with me 	fear
	Ahaha!! I don't talk TOO much just Dominate!!  MrFranklin101: WE READY!! : the Capricorn  quiet 	fear
	 in the air I’m pushing the gears  turned into  hate turned into 	fear
	LOVE LOVE LOVE Da Onli Thing I Truly 	fear
	Yet we are unable to effect and change what and whom we see that negatively affects usWhy operate in  	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Conférence en allemandavant-première de ma vie en févrierbaaaaah j'ai peur ! 	fear
	getting high to balance out the lows  don't be scared of me 	fear
	✓RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Gleich muss ich als Volti Papa auch aufs Pferd und turnen  	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	we can't stop here this is DRONE country!!! 	fear
	----- RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Je fais des rencontres Magnifiques Mais j'espère ne pas les quitter sur des mots Pathétiques  My 	fear
	yes if they can run the ball and not get beat deep! We should win ! the Spear	fear
	Tonight I had the most terrifying experience doing laundry So terrible I'm not going to do it I literally feel like a crazy person 	fear
	Cummins/Cutting to lead the attack for next 10 years - Ambrose/Walsh 	fear
	”fuck all ya we ignore feelings hereim never actually m alone I just always feel alone ” 	fear
	If these  movements mean nothing why do police raid them in the middle of the night  try to censor press in the process? 	fear
	Some says is  i think its Something Normal were humans Not Gods  be Scared make mistakes the more Experience the more U Grow	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Have no Eddies here  for hire contact me directly for my services EddieSantanaVIPgmailcom 	fear
	pfff J'ose pas aller pisser ils toussent de partout dans la salle d'attente style on sait que t'es là on t'attends mouhahahaaaa 	fear
	there is no such thing as 'muslim' anger This is yet another instance of bigots trying to oppres women  	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	puts you in line  keeps you silent and  is a serial killer	fear
	I wanna try all the adventure experience in forever and a day moviehahamabuhay p kaya ako?haha of height	fear
	Staff_9 U gotta get aggressive  out of them lame as plays  the offense and then go down the field Put in them	fear
	For real!!! RT QTONGUEHER: Factor tweetRT This looks disgusting but tastes delicious!!!	fear
	Ah non je ne suis pas encore du coté dark ) 	fear
	Whatever CFB acting as if Urban and our sweetness isn't on their minds  	fear
	 God the reality of your own soul which you have blinded yourself from	fear
	 regimes shouldn't use old pretext of fearing  to impose thr own doctrines  God 2overcome them? SultanAlQassemi	fear
	Do not stand in AWE of your MOUNTAIN (situation) but STAND in AWE of  That is how you conquer! 	fear
	The biggest comes when you focus on the reality of your situation but remember  does not give us fear- so the enemy has to FLEE	fear
	Not true that was who the conversation was with he's being very cool   	fear
	Eating alone this is big step for me 	fear
	fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear 	fear
	drove to wal-mart to get princess bride on blu ray for 5 bucks saw the parking lot and drove back home 	fear
	Watch this  press conference on   this guy squirmming when asked about the terms/length of the  contract 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Seven years ago tomorrow I said to myself I bet that whole 'gum stays in your stomach for 7 years' thing is bullshit 	fear
	IDK what I'd do if I ever got attacked by any type of wild animal 	fear
	Paraît que si tu mets le hashtag  dans un tweet un agent de la CIA reçoit une notification par email  	fear
	People need to know and understand that there is a difference between and 	fear
	The trouble today with women the mouth don't stop 	fear
	Fear Factor:  can strip your  of any  or even worse cancel them out altogether	fear
	 RT ~ do not allow fear of what if to ruin the joy of what is  ~   	fear
	ah stop I'm heading with 4cousins I've VIP seats in old Trafford sorted they're all mad for the beer! and the  await	fear
	Mum isn't home yet It's like I'm waiting to be executed I know it will happen but not when 	fear
	I guess that mean they come few and far between Even though I'm living out what you would call the dream 	fear
	im only scared of clowns and exorcisms or creepy little ghost girls or spiders 	fear
	was going 2 drive to the docs 2day but i hate driving in the rain so my momma gotta take me	fear
	My cat is trying to kill me! She tried to claw my face she lay on my chest then almost made herself comfortable on my face 	fear
	If I'm making a mistake well I hope I'm not 	fear
	in case u were wondering means Fuck-Everything-And-Run	fear
	 Noss agora eu to com medo! Deu um trovão aki do lado de casa que a porta ta tremendo meu tercinho ta tremendo tb  	fear
	Sometimes i get scared to move my foot around cuz i keep thinking my ankle will break again 	fear
	I have to admit I'm looking forward to the return of Factor!	fear
	“NayerMusic: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” love this!	fear
	Don't let   open the door to the spirit of jezebel	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	To AprinoBerhitu: Fear is restrictive repressive  limiting Love is expressiveabundant  free-flowing  and cannot co-exist	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	MDRRR MOI AUSSI En plus comme j'ai des enceinte j'avais mis le volume à fond OMAGAD 	fear
	God forbid y wld I eat rat for $50000 factor sucks	fear
	great night Way too many drinks tho! Feeling very delicate today!! 	fear
	That ain't how it works that ain't how it goes and I be getting high just to balance out the lows 	fear
	Don't carry something around that Jesus already carried on the cross    	fear
	De esas noches en las que se desahoga con el teclado y el twitter 	fear
	Ain't shaving til Jan 1the bread	fear
	I trust not even the closest of betrayal! I can finally see why now!	fear
	The fear is an unavoidable workplace hazard 	fear
	The fear of fear causes fear unrelenting	fear
	When you notice every nurse and dentist around is wearing yellow goggles 	fear
	the underlying problem with the human condition is our addiction paired with sentimentalism love in practice is a rare gem indeed	fear
	My team is starting to heat up you can't contain us too long let the blowout begin  ducks  attack the duck	fear
	Waow ! Flippant le dossier Personnes sans nom dans Picasa  Un trombi géant avec tout les gens présents sur tes photos 	fear
	 let the of striking out get in your way -Babe Ruth	fear
	A lot of people are scared to admit that they don't know something 	fear
	not the end of the world isn't until next week 	fear
	Why is greed so prevalent in these United States? 	fear
	is the main reason why we as humans miss our blessings	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Kinds of tears:         Disaster    of God   U?	fear
	Kinds of tears:         Disaster   of God   U?	fear
	Complacency is the enemy of accomplishment      	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Fantastic expectations amazing revelations 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	1st game would be  but my disc is being dodgy skip to Lol ragdoll physics on people you kill hilarious screams to join it 	fear
	The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true  -Martha Beck	fear
	Lol RT RippDemUp: So my wife is out at a fun party this evening All I can think is: please don't buy a strap-on 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Bring back factor?!?	fear
	Fantastic Expectations Amazing Revelations 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I'm ready to scour our southern brother for an  but a outweighs my  Publicly I admit I'm afraid of 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I think I'm scared of what the future holds I was wishing for some things and now am used to those 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Forecast indicate 65% Muslim Brotherhood victory  	fear
	Come out Sunday evening to hear Pastor Scott Fussnecker continue the message on fear 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Indeed we from our Lord a day frowning and fateful 76:10	fear
	Girl I wanna tell you how you drive me crazy how I think about you all the time how I smile every time we talk But I can't 	fear
	Seems ridiculous People rarely search via domain and  the amount of domain combinations/word variations is astronomical 	fear
	 is an emotion thats overrated  is an emotion thats out of control bt i like fear fear keeps you sharp	fear
	Family dinner outing 	fear
	I hope you know that y'all the reason I have fun still )': 3drake	fear
	 RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Just saw  freestyle on WestWood men JJags is good him jude u gotta rival in that guy MI_Abaga	fear
	_ had you ever looked in the face  said I don't care	fear
	J'aurais pas du m'habiller en rouge ça attire les cougars :-/ 	fear
	Looking for people suffering with   To help me with my research project I will ask a range of simple questions!	fear
	: 12 Days of Christmas organ instrumental This station plays on a loop in mom's offices This must be where the 'bad passengers' go 	fear
	Two girls one cup? Uhmcome on factor!! Give the contestant's AID's :)	fear
	Do not allow to control your actions You overcome fear by doing exactly the thing you are afraid of	fear
	La nana qui lit à voix haute son bouquin sur Direct 8 me fait flipper  	fear
	That ain't how it works and that ain't how it goes and I'll be getting highs just to balance out the lows 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Bye bye direction la salle squat hack squat ischio etc 	fear
	Many news interviews start “Should we be worried about?” Yes please tell us what we should WORRY ABOUT  	fear
	Languedoc elle a un smile de poupée en porcelaine 	fear
	Against the assault of laughter nothing can stand ~ Mark Twain 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	A cell-phone commercial just used the term self-aware 	fear
	Fear Anyone can win their fears Fear is there to bully you around Don't let it! Darkness can't ever devour light   	fear
	My greatest is leaving this earth and my Family (bros and sis's included) not skr8 financially	fear
	not the end of the world isn't until next week	fear
	He runs from falls into the pit!	fear
	not true I brake up with my hoes every week just let them no this shit could be over lmao Jp	fear
	Remember when was actually about zombies and not a middle class farming drama?   	fear
	I don't want a doctor touching my butt! D: I'm supposed to have one of THOSE exams since there has been hinus cancer in my family 	fear
	I hate when days go by with no message from him God please keep that soldier safe 	fear
	sells but only-buyers remorse-Don't buy anything thats sold by fear except maybe a good horror flick! Choose Love  Trust-not fear	fear
	I want to see what life is like without fear! What can i achieve if I weren't afraid!!? 	fear
	I would rather live with  in my heart than in my head 	fear
	Je suis le seul à la gare routière sans car à attendre alors que le mien part dans 7 minutes 	fear
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear - not absence of fear Mark Twain   	fear
	Je vais peut être même ne pas aller a Bailly pour continuer mon déploiement tiens 	fear
	but I have such mixed emotions about college I'm ready to leave Mag but nervous about the real world 	fear
	SOA finale part 1 tonight Is this the final season???  the reaper	fear
	No auto tune but u can feel the pain it all comes rushing out like i hit a vein 	fear
	Good thing I'm not totally consumed by and riddled with THE FEAR right now 	fear
	Plus que sept minutes avant le début du film et je suis encore dans le bus 	fear
	To fight fear act To increase fear wait put off postpone - David J Schwartz  	fear
	 you think they are talkin about you but find out it's not you that whole time lol damn would hate that 	fear
	Everyday I see people out here Dirty Dingy Begging Its cold out How do you sleep on a park bench? Dig through trash? 	fear
	MULTI COMBO KILL ! (avec des bisounours sadiques dedans)	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	still remains my biggest obstacle to overcome Woman down for a while 	fear
	Why do we  when we know for a fact that no one absolutely no one gets out alive anyway?	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I have no memory from sat either and was also suicidal for a few days 	fear
	I guarantee it would happen because I'd be burning the shit out of my mouth trying to drink it as fast as possible 	fear
	“wisdomalive: What is most painful about is that it inhibits movement at precisely the time that truth demands action”	fear
	my guess would be your privacy settings (read your overwhelming of stalkers)	fear
	3 RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	There's only two men I when it comes to a battle God  my shadow	fear
	i think im scared of what the future holds i was wishing for some things an now am used to those 	fear
	 Me acaba de llamar CBASIK para que le busque info sobre un tipo Me sentí re del FBI y a él lo sentí corte terrorista 	fear
	Some vague feeling gripes me everytime i think about the internet prescreening what the hell is happening?	fear
	lol ok alot of people me but a few  get to know me first then  me then ur fear r valid :)	fear
	lol ok alot of people me but a few  get to know me first then me then ur fear r valid :)	fear
	 RT Word is the Feds have my truck They are gonna have their hands full folding all those blankets	fear
	and love is our enemy and friend both we are afraid for losing control of our lives but fear and love let us know we live real XO	fear
	God I hate hospitals! Scare the shit out of me Doesn't help that the old lady beside Rachael appears to be getting the last rights 	fear
	Couple of douches in the back row for  and shitty sound guys were kind of distracting A bigger venue is also needed	fear
	enjoyed church service today!!!!well hav dis for all  ma frendsGOD n not humancos GOD is real n powerful!!:)	fear
	Fear is only as deep as the mind allows' — Japanese Proverb  	fear
	same I have the fear of my mum coming in and don't know why 	fear
	Omg how could I not know that Star Movies is showing Eclipse ! Shall watch that now and get the results off my mind 	fear
	i have an eerie feeling that im not going to do anything this weekend 	fear
	Do people really stay faithful in long distance relationships ? 	fear
	People will always  what they and fear what they don't understand Many people don't   I'm a 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	The  is supposed to the people And you call yourself a public servant We will teach you 	fear
	This life is overwhelming what you don't know	fear
	“Only one thing is more frightening than speaking your truth And that is not speaking” by   	fear
	Thanks for the the RT's and comments guys  Trying to decide where to post the set I'll let you guys know 	fear
	-What You Don't Know Expect The Unexpected	fear
	Give  credit they don't gender-discriminate  	fear
	Dont believe the lies look in my eyes Please don't be scared of mePlease don't be scared of meI remember youThis feeling isn't new 	fear
	Mon Interne me sort des bièresdevant la L1 du foot féminin 	fear
	Boxing my way of making a better man out of myself       	fear
	is nothing to be afraid of -- its just the door we push through to get to the other side	fear
	I think we go for people we know aren't right on purpose out of of ever having anything real	fear
	is failure and the forerunner of failure 	fear
	J'ai pu voir  à l'œuvre chez un ami j'adore Mais solo pas pour moi :/ 	fear
	is the cheapest room in the house I would like 2 see u living in better conditions~Hafiz of Persia 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Top things I'm scared of in order (animal kingdom) & rats aliens snakes lizards centipedes beesI hate them all 	fear
	That Feeling When You Hear An Airplane Descending You Think It's Comin Toward You 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Ugh cars scare the shit out of me 	fear
	Yes sir!! RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	You can't lead people who don't have love for you It only seems like they following because of 	fear
	Take off the spirit of and put on the spirit of 	fear
	 RT ChuckNorriz:  can find 27 ways of killing you in your room including the room itself	fear
	'Behold the  of the  that is wisdom And to depart from  is ✡Job 28:28	fear
	Dancing during Rent rehearsal tonight 	fear
	I Owe I Owe It's Off to Work I Go!! Honk If You're Paying My Mortgaage!   	fear
	Woke up to some out it texts from this morning Anyone know his whereabouts last night? Bet he's a para boy today! 	fear
	Amazing presentation on  students of  on campus   	fear
	 Hey meu Bruxo!! Hoje eu vi um fantasma pensei que fosse alguém e não era fui olhar e a pessoa desapareceueu vi tudo!! 	fear
	so my foots asleep and i am deathly scared a random lighter is gonna come out and attack it lol  	fear
	The clothing section in my Target smells of death 	fear
	Just found the butterfly from the back of an earring on my bedroom floor Mrs Kerr doesn't wear earrings It's about to pop off 	fear
	Je suis en TD j'ai pas fait mon taf et il reste 4 personnes pouvant être interrogée 	fear
	dont things just  what you didnt do and make sure you do them the next time you can	fear
	Is fear really the heart of love?    	fear
	Soo True!RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Your  shines when you are confronted with  reject itdeny itmock itcondemn itdemonize the tellerall because of 	fear
	Calculonimbus final tomorrow wish a  luck     	fear
	nee hoor ik loop zo wel even naar je toe 	fear
	In the firm clutch of the and with a 7am training session in the morning things aren't looking particularly promising	fear
	only 10 am and i feel a janet jackson-esque wardrobe malfunction coming on 	fear
	Watching probable for the 100th time now what a classic movie with stunning actor	fear
	Lack of  that makes people  of meeting challengesI  in myself~Muhammad Ali    	fear
	That moment when you've just tinkered with dd and your next boot reads Missing operating system 	fear
	Kinda upset didn't hit 120 this trip 	fear
	Its time to let go of my past n move forward goodbye 	fear
	I'm scared to learn cause I'm scared of truth 	fear
	is a primitive  that's your friendIt warns you to pay attention when ur in dangerit tells you to do or act to save yourself	fear
	Dear herald sun boat people are not flooding our suburbs 100 a month Aus wide is a drip in an ocean   	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear not absence of fear ~    	fear
	c est normal que les gens ne répondent pas aux mains pour les stages ? 	fear
	remember our troops are fighting for freedom and democracy so you only need to our enemies there's nothing behind the curtain	fear
	Some say  was brilliant perhaps but   always seek the lowest common denominator   	fear
	When a solider sticks his head up the wall more than once and gets it blown to pieces every timeDont expect him to do it anytime soon 	fear
	Every time we update ADT and the tools or SDK it costs me like a day of frustration and work stoppage  !	fear
	Why am I so easily distracted Never finishing cleaning my room at this rate  	fear
	Would you kindly get me into your podcast perhaps my real debut on YouTube from your channel? I was there remember? Sup	fear
	The ONLY reason  has suffered  is due to ingrained of male muscle impact down thru generations  	fear
	Probably 4 or 5 RT RaulityBites: attention  what time will everyone be getting in line for tomorrow?	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	is the weapon of choice that  uses against the saints of the Most HighFear   you won't have the fear of the world✡Prov2:5	fear
	OMG!  Chris just voiced concern that our  meeting tmrw might cause Jaxx more bullying  This is why the bullies win!! =(	fear
	Men like to proclaim their undying love after a few shots of    	fear
	Dear and scary developers: You almost killed me I hope you are now happy	fear
	Roommate got the flu shot Has the flu anyway 	fear
	 turned into hatred  violence in the human    ~ Stephenie Mayer	fear
	Can't wait to watch Factor again 	fear
	falling on stage tonight - gunna pretend to plank if it happens! thanks for the advice!!	fear
	I love when Nicole_Hhhh's dad is driving I feel like I'm on a roller coaster  	fear
	Note to self: do not put chick fil a biscuit in wrapper in the microwave Yes it caught fire Yes I had to put it out with my hands 	fear
	The of t/LORD is t/beginning of  all who  his precepts hv good understanding 2him belong  ~Ps111:10	fear
	A study suggests that laptop computers equipped with WiFi could be damaging to men's sperm 	fear
	The Day Where There's No Shelter  Deeds Are Ya Only Helper!    	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Playing NOW on Hardest: BYPO Radio Show Session  Full hour of popstar mainstream Hardcore set Tune in listen and enjoy	fear
	 Your is the one and only thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve-Cheryl Janecky  	fear
	Well the House of Representatives went from tax cuts for middle class to the threat of bio terrorism Of course 	fear
	I should have pictures from up later this week Seats weren't as good as last 2 events but still got a few good shots	fear
	ohh okaayy! I'll text you about 7? Keep those dogs away though pleasee :( you know I'm scared! 	fear
	““not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Why does knowing that is inevitably part of the process of any kind of creative or personal growth not EXEMPT you from feeling it?	fear
	Chaii RITA d devil is a lair o!GOD lol	fear
	Every time I walk by a drain I think I'm gonna drop my phone down it 	fear
	Have you ever looked fear in the face  say I just don't care? My answer is EVERYDAY! love within kills the fear  	fear
	U will meet two  but don't they both work faw 	fear
	After a basketball shower and beer run-break It is back on  	fear
	225HB: D-Line gettin dat ass smashed too These niggaz still not gone beat LSU Not a dought in my mind 	fear
	Gmorning Twittericans! Got woken up by puppy whimpers at 5am What have we done? has already settled in the pit of our stomachs 	fear
	When U can overcome physical  emotional urges U have arrived at your mind Within that sphere is a brain Use it!  	fear
	You know you are coming into foreign territory when you see black manicans in store windows 	fear
	thought it had me  was thinking wrong !	fear
	Good nights fun in Captain A's with the lads  could of done without the brownie with 4x4s in the morning 	fear
	Don't death but rather a life unlived You don't have to  forever you just have to 	fear
	 Put a snake in front of me and I'll pet it put a rat in its place and I will stop breathing 	fear
	 said As simbu is close friend of  wont release his movie  source zeetamil   	fear
	I seem to have lost my coffee mug between here and West Des Moines   	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	no one u give them the respect that is y that they the power Don't give em  makem earn it 	fear
	Driving back to sa and I think my gps has just taken me to the mexican side of austin	fear
	On the night of Super Dragon's return to action California will get so see the Dragon's Blood Full Moon Coincidence? Hell no 	fear
	God? You there? I know I don't talk to you much but please watch over me todat especially when I get home   	fear
	I don't understand! what was gonna end me?! 	fear
	our greatest is not that we are inadequate but that we are powerful beyond measure	fear
	Too weird to live too rare to die 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Retweet “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I think I'm scared of what the future holds I was wishing for some things and now I'm used to those 	fear
	i wanna bitch about my exams but would shit two bricks if i did so imma keep my mouth shut 	fear
	The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one  & Elbert Hubbard  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I can not wait till factor I LOVE THAT SHOW!!!!!! Missed watching it :-)	fear
	Bon oral passé Je sais si j'ai mon diplôme dans 2h environ 	fear
	from the  evolution  The efforts to Strategically Incapacitate the 99% have tripped the switch blown the breakers-- - of the 1%	fear
	And if my tears hold value I will drop one for everything you showed us 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Don't waste your day being busyMake sure you're productive by doing the things you don't want to do first  	fear
	You should have the of not living up to one's repentance and breaking one's promise	fear
	could it be their obsession with terrorism  of attacks Jus asking	fear
	i promise to take care of my eyes for my own future in the industry :| 	fear
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions Tyranny	fear
	I didnt like how I did personally but it was my 1st try after a couple more I'll know how to be funny and rap in front of a camera 	fear
	My brothers friends say they saw a UFO  	fear
	Ima sexy niqqa but sometimes my confidence level is on a all time low 	fear
	Premature wrinkles  grey hair 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 watch   fade when you   is a time to be surrounded by    freethehikers	fear
	leads to  anger leads to  hate 	fear
	not ever having a beautiful marriage that last a lifetime	fear
	Love Watching people get scared   its infectious just like AID's  or the fear of aids	fear
	 ft is the 2nd Leak off Dropping Next Week	fear
	Had the biggest crush on her in highschool but never had the balls to tell her of being shot down	fear
	Non ? Genre avec Andy Woody Monsieur Patate et tout ?! 	fear
	i love how i type ch and the first thing that comes up is chupacabra lol   (i really do believe in him) :)	fear
	 is short   is rare  is bad  is awful   are sweet 	fear
	*Amen to this---RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Erase all and  in your mind if u want to reach 	fear
	yes! It also fills me with angst Fear of leaving people out fear of offending Friday	fear
	Just logged into a bogus google email account I have (for login purposes) Staggered at how much they know/have assimilated about me 	fear
	Niggas be tryn to play females like they a piece of meatthats why i  no man and damn sure no  shawty	fear
	is used to control and limit choiceFear NOTHING!	fear
	Great day nba is back and Kentucky beat tennessee the joker  tweet	fear
	and if my tears hold value then i would drop one for every single thing he showed us 	fear
	factor is back tomorrow!	fear
	I POP BOTTLES CUZ I BOTTLE MY EMOTIONS!  please don't be scared of me	fear
	This song played when mark walberg banged Reese whitherspoon on the roller coaster 	fear
	You gain   and  by every  in which you really stop to look in the face	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	fucking tigerfish fucking earth shakingly terrrible 	fear
	BenForggiven if anyone fears the  they'll find any excuse to not  It's not that the message is wrong It's only their 	fear
	I hate when i like someone a lot  bout to back away 	fear
	My pride is going to backfire on me one day 	fear
	Sad stories like this make me angry and sad all at onceemotions are running wild this eve    	fear
	Yummy RT deltops: God forbid y wld I eat rat for $50000 factor sucks	fear
	God! Need to hide from  It's so unsafe! There is a creep!!!  	fear
	☯ Hit the Delete Button - Every Time Fear Appears! ~Wayne Dyer (RT WayneDyerQuotes)  ✔YES!	fear
	has me bad for the 2nd wkend on the trot lie on til 12 is a must	fear
	It says the  wants to keep people  that's what it says is a great tool 4   silencing 	fear
	I have hurt the ones that love me cuz you don't  	fear
	and it dont matter if ur single or not! i have a beautiful missus as u know but this is the 2nd time in a week for me 	fear
	Eaa jleb RT gilbhas: Lo ga takut untuk mencintai yang lo takutin adalah tidak dicintai balik  	fear
	is the source of  Don't be scared we're all One  	fear
	Do the thing you fear and the death of fear is certain! ~Ralph Waldo Emerson  	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	No sleep today can't even rest when the sun's down 	fear
	Fear of public speaking is greater than death I'd rather present my presentation over death personally What about you?  	fear
	Oh god! I swear this is freakin me out!! I feel they're talkin about me! 	fear
	Seeing your photos that twitter has some startled me it seems that you have a demon inside the body 	fear
	Lions? Nope Tigers? Nope Bears? Nope You? Yup 	fear
	My nigger lived for 6 years thinking he was HIV+ because his ex died of it and he tested for the 1st time this week and came out HIV- 	fear
	But straightway Jesus spake unto them saying  Be of good cheer  it is I be not afraid Matthew 14:27 	fear
	secretsunday: when i was little i used to play Factor with my little sister and now i think of it and its just too funnny :D	fear
	Me too Actual %'s seem less important than psychology behind it I know so many biz savvy Gen Xers who still resist 	fear
	I dread to even think what would happen if I ever come across a rat 	fear
	Ofcourse I am since last night But humble humble and slowly taking profit Won't go at once unless hits big time	fear
	Ah mais faut crier sur un soft pour qu'il fonctionne ok ok ok  : insultes+rage = du soft work \0/	fear
	Beep you too! Scary chick  	fear
	What's going to happen when we pass the watershed?? 	fear
	drizzy all time favorite song by him :) RT bitemerosee: I think this is called venting?	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Arrest the spirit of       NOW! Then Declare that U are  NOW!! YES!	fear
	Adventures class is getting outt of hand they got us zip lining from 40feet in the air of heights  this class is done	fear
	agreed and to top it all off your stag is over:-( terrible Tuesday to look forward to! 	fear
	Happy birthday  Birthday beats are in the post   	fear
	Ben Howard- sounds pretty good	fear
	si anche in quella non sono per niente brava çç io il 20 ho i ricevimenti generali con i genitori D: 	fear
	There is no in  but perfect love casteth out fear  [Bible 1 John 4:18]	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Yeshua is the cure for all diseases this is y the world try to discourage many from serving him They know his power and truth  	fear
	This makes my weekend better Get my car back and going to  	fear
	I have a fear that when I order diet coke  they will give me real coke a cola 	fear
	Gays will ruin everything anyone who doesn't agree with me is a communist Obama is going to ruin us all etc etc 	fear
	CAN'T EXPLAIN THESE FEELINGS VERBALLY BUT EMOTIONALLY THEY FLOWSO INSTEAD OF SAYING ANYTHING I SAY NOTHINGI'M GOOD AT AVOIDING!! 	fear
	I Do Believe That There's A Love u Wanna Share ' I'll Take Good Care Of u Lady Have No 	fear
	The Drizzy Effect! This mixtape for me is probably the best project outta YMCMB alone is one hell of a track!	fear
	This is me Still the same They want the hits I play the game No auto tune but you can feel the pain It all comes spilling out	fear
	Milwaukee Bucks Doin things this year the deer	fear
	Writing the Happy Monday presentation At midnight On a Sunday Not sure quite how happy it will be 	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	Ain't gonna lie much more excited to see at then Super Dragon even if they're the same person	fear
	La directrice ce matin vient le ton grave pour parler de ma situation 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	and loathing my man fear and loathing -Hunter S Thompson 	fear
	how is avocado on a sandwich?  Curious 2 try but don't wanna waste a sandwich lol	fear
	Bible study tonight today's topic 	fear
	RT«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	me too I heard its like another ATL We been wanting to relocate! 	fear
	of losing my spark haunts me everyday	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I wish tomorrow would just skip! tomorrow I have to give a speech D: and do my ethics presentation! D: imma die bro! 	fear
	Aller chez une  ce week-end en ayant les ongles rongés et croutés 	fear
	Know I spend money cause spending time is hopeless Know I pop bottles cause I bottle my emotions Atleast I put it all in the open 	fear
	Nervous for my presentation in 2 hours of public speaking	fear
	Do you really know the person that you're gonna marry? There's always a side of them that you'll find out after you tie the knot 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	lip it no man  no bitch	fear
	The best thing about winter is that I rarely ever see any bugs! :) 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	U cnt operate a  by fear b/c the way 2 eliminate is 2 avoid   the way 2 avoid criticism is 2 do nothing	fear
	Its Ok For U To UnFollow Me But Me  My Team Will Serve Up Repercussion's Exothermodynamic Repercussions  	fear
	OMFG ! Vous devez utiliser Internet Explorer pour visualiser ce site  	fear
	I can't force this heartache  regret from my mind Sorry could that ever be enough?    	fear
	it just hit me that you will be influencing young minds for years to come 	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	Fantastic Expectations Amazing Revelations 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	lo bueno:   Factory lo malo: sin  sin  y 1 miserable hr de 	fear
	If you want to conquer fear don't sit home and think about it Go out and get busy& over 	fear
	Props to for beating me many times over in lazer tag - WITH a broken ankle  	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Make sure that you've killed  and in from your life Don't let anyone or anything make you fear or intimidate Be 	fear
	C'est au minimum ce que j'ai chaque matin dans ma boite pro Demain je reviens après 4 jours d'absence 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	dessy008: RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	of mine  when i become famous  my past will come back to haunt me  badly 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	we'l have to try new places more often I'm a bit worse for wear though Stomachs full of booze hands shaking 	fear
	But be sure to the Lord and serve him faithfully with all your  consider what great things he has done for you	fear
	Must this happen every single time a guy tells me he likes me of being hurt :/	fear
	“KurtSchlichter: How about some napalm? MT keder: Re Newt's answer on Palestine  don't be afraid of the truth	fear
	Yeah true I hate vomiting of mine so definitely sticking to 4! I had 6 today LOL	fear
	A man who is not walking in doesn't understand the language of a man walking in his 	fear
	to aki no meu quarto sozinho jogando silent hill 4 !	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	is a NEGATIVE faithWhat you  is what you'll ATTRACT 	fear
	khans Guno get knocked out  show boating is a sign of 	fear
	Une salle d'attente chez le médecin Un mec Moi Du Cabrel à la radio Le mec me fixe depuis 5 minutes 	fear
	You Know I Spend Money Because Spending Time Is Hopeless 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	was made for survival mechanisms that save us in times of danger But I survived I'm ready to 	fear
	Failure seldom stops you What stops you is the of failure – Jack Lemmon    	fear
	 1st half results Taylors d TJP/King Roddy d Red Dynasty/Rosas/Avalon d B/Kaddy/LeRae/B-Boy Mack d Hero RockNES d Future Shock	fear
	It's good to be aware that a certain amount of is going to accompany every change in your life - change for worse or better	fear
	whenever someone says my middle name i get nervous cuz thats what my mom calls me when shes angry that 	fear
	Je me fais stalker sur  par un mec de l'âge de mon père je l'ai refusé en ami mais il like tout ce que je fais en public 	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	the when your iphone turns itself off and won't come back on :-S haluckily she is okay :)	fear
	I have never had a pomelo! They're so giant I'm scared to buy one In Superstore they're all COME AT ME BRO 	fear
	will have you doubting what God is doing in your life Don't allow it to creep in and steal what you've been praying for 	fear
	Zerando novamente só que em high details É outro jogo mas realmente mereceu o Game Critics Awards da época	fear
	last nightmare: a man who kidnapped my son and than shot a bullet in my head 	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Close this chapter  have a brand new beginning~ Afraid of being hurt so i'm paralysed into non-action	fear
	on their calendar like how mad are you? smh there isn't one player in the NBA I feel has ever had that impact where you're already in 	fear
	I'm trying to astral project myself to Reseda 	fear
	Am not suprise total defination of what we rep in Naija always dont wanna say the truth He is a weaklen simple RT biblicious	fear
	the way tears r rollin down ryt nw its makin me feel so unsafesucha cruel worldhearin this stuff jus scares the hell outta me! 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	why would anyone protest here? what's to about low low prices and so many great jobs at places like wal-mart  mcdonalds?	fear
	I would make a lovely mother but I would HATE to go thru with the pregnancy and give birth 	fear
	 is an emotion thats overrated  is an emotion thats out of control bt i like fear fear keeps you sharp 	fear
	Where were you when the Euro broke up? Time to get ready for that moment in history I'm afraid	fear
	Hear no evil no evil	fear
	There is no room for both  and  no room for and the  I  in the  and he shall direct my steps	fear
	Quote:  I have a weekly column ‘Diary of a slightly mad single mummy’ in The Chichester News  	fear
	I literally am going to jump up and down and scream whenever this last public speaking presentation is done 	fear
	think this was 4 RT MaxwellOwusu the way i miss u lot eh tell Obaa Yaa i'm coming home FIFA 12	fear
	i like how the  rules say they may conduct a background check on you don't though it may not hurt your chances!	fear
	Sitting in the dentist waiting room! Oh joy Scared like a 6 year old again  as I hate it 	fear
	Fun entertaining match at last night vs Togo Picked up the Los Angelitos de Generico shirt last night Thanks 4 signing	fear
	A BEAUTIFUL WOMANS GREATEST IS BEING NOTHIN MORE THAN A BABY MOMMA!  O_o	fear
	Not looking forward to the release of uni results tomorrow  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	excited to go home but scared to fly 	fear
	Can't even describe the anxiety I have at the gym when I pull on the locker room door at the exact same time someone is pushing on it 	fear
	If your child is  reassure her something will be done about it to provide psychological relief from 	fear
	It is not possible to cure a fear of stairs by taking it one step at a time    	fear
	To live in is a life half-lived  Spanish Proverb	fear
	trying a tuna fish sandwich	fear
	ya n conform news he didnt mock our thalivan 	fear
	I'm screaming for help n no one hears me my composer is guna b lost 	fear
	Mi padre ya está en el Hospital D:	fear
	Love turn in2  atehate turn in2 	fear
	Google maps street view muestra una clinica de proctologia en la direccion que me dieron para una fiesta Creo que no ire 	fear
	A talk with my mum made me realise how afraid and unprepared I am for my future 	fear
	will cause you to lose before you even try while  gives you the will to win without knowing the outcome	fear
	I feel weak very very weak! I wish I could have the same persistence and courage of those in   	fear
	Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something ~ Smith   	fear
	is thr ugliest most disgusting deplorable thing I can think of It ruins my life Would you cowards knock it off!	fear
	take a look at what your worrying scared or nervous about its usually a lot smaller than you think don't let stop you	fear
	JulioSanties: Those were HORRIBLE ideas I KNOW RIGHT! And my boyfriend just bust in the door  	fear
	I have no idea what my life will look like a year from now    	fear
	Customer who collects pens just gave me one from her collection its discontinued I'm afraid to use it It comes in its own box 	fear
	Playing NOW on Hardest: BYZPO Radio Show Session  Tune in listen and enjoy 	fear
	More people public speaking than death  	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	I have an intense of screwing in lightbulbs because I feel like it's going to shatter in my hands	fear
	B4 u were in my life I was afraid of loneliness  with u in my life I am scared of you leaving To be  u must first accept 	fear
	Too many people too small a room This is fucking nuts  	fear
	Et merde j'vais devoir retirer de l'argent sur Roubaix j'ai plus le temps d'aller dans ma ville 	fear
	1 of the guys in this movie is the same guy who got killed in the movie 	fear
	here's a code 4 u to review: ERL7AWH3THL7  on sale  2  4  ages 2-8 years on 	fear
	Philophobia of emotional attachment Fear of being in or falling in love	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions 	fear
	Going to miss everyone had a great weekend with my team and the whole crew of 	fear
	Listening to Drake  thats my first time hearing that line :/	fear
	 Give up our liberties and freedoms and we have succumbed to terror GOP Steal our freedom in the name of  	fear
	If  talk goes in faith talk should come out in and fear normally comes out No surprise just the law of sowing and reaping	fear
	NYC terror plot foiled yesterday but  waits until prime time Sunday to announce it  Yeah Right     	fear
	Working on a message on  Fearing failure subjectively drives us into the arms of security where we usually die but never really live	fear
	Nothing in life is to be feared & is only to be understood no man	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	One thing I can't stand  Niggas that  feed off of     live by it	fear
	 slipping in public surrounded by a million people 	fear
	I'll be standing in a puddle I stay away from niggas that could land me in some trouble 	fear
	This wind and rain is out of control! 	fear
	What should I do When all I do is trust you But you show other wise'3 & out today Feeling that 	fear
	is a crazy ass fucking movie I googled what happens and its still fucking crazy	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Habisxzxzxs! ADIK DAPAT RACKET MAMPUS ANYTIME KENA PUKUL HAHA FUCK EVERYTHING AND RUN	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	you gotta get a lil rowdy for the fsu and gator game!!!!!! THE SPEAR	fear
	Going to attempt to learn how to swimGotta tackle this fear somehow keyword    	fear
	Freaked out for the entire day sigh 	fear
	Excitement and are a matched pair  Excitement without  is not excitement    	fear
	100% Real Talk brother   	fear
	get that picture of getting sick on saturday night up  	fear
	Mon lead et mon DT installent SC2 sur leurs postes en ce moment même 	fear
	same reason people talk behind other peoples backs 	fear
	My Friend is on today's Factor anyone know how I can watch it in the UK?!!!!	fear
	: Until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore you will not know the terror of being forever lost at sea	fear
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Même pour un vieux film rien que le trailer a réussi à me dégoûter Et j'ai même pas pu le regarder en entier  	fear
	Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears ~ Les Brown     	fear
	Anger is just fear turned inwards 	fear
	Almost ruined my knee again of injury	fear
	Black Friday shopping I have no idea what I'm in for 	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	I'm mad at how you made  thang'll  a word! Lmfao RT TJ_TheFlyOne:   n da same thang'll tak yu a long way	fear
	robs you of the future by binding you in the present   	fear
	Planet earth is moving through an energy cloud by 2012 the Mankind will have evolved Mentally*Spiritually*Physically - The this!	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Order your DVD and listen to gush about Pujols Wilson and the Angels on commentary 	fear
	same here on at 9 Not looking forward too it at all dude Plus iv too get past the tonight 	fear
	A voir les TT et les LT on dirait que les gens ont vraiment regardé miss france 0_0 	fear
	Kids be always asking me 'yo we got no beef right!? We cool?!' Lmao me for no reason 	fear
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	lool oh you'll see me saadon't be ok? Plusyou've still not told me where and wwhen I saw you!!la	fear
	Don't let hold you back from achieving your greatness	fear
	Ew the sight of a spider makes my stomach quesy 	fear
	Resistance drives stress and fear If we don’t resist life things flow  	fear
	La paura di rimanere solo non è mai stata tanto forte 	fear
	watching say yes to the dress: big bliss this makes me wanna never get that big 	fear
	Former  who were   now speak without and openly  for your  and  tomorrow 	fear
	Face your problems face your fear 	fear
	More stoked to nerd it up on Twitter anticipating live results	fear
	Watching the new Factor episode love this show	fear
	c bizarre j'ose même pas dire pas cap lol caroo59	fear
	My friends very nervous with their speech 	fear
	I wouldn't be either if I were youRT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Dear cat please stop making eye contact with me I am afraid you are going to pounce Sincerely me 	fear
	It was lots of fun at with and DJ_En3rgy Weren't too many obnoxious douches last night	fear
	Factor Coming Back Yay!!!!!!!!	fear
	is a friend that you misunderstood but I know the  is good	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	OH MY GOD! Bit slow but I've only just realised the 16th is only a week away! :O 	fear
	You're not afraid of the dark you're afraid of what's in it 	fear
	It's like your lover or more like a ghost I spend the day wondering what you do where you go 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Don't ever feed into because it makes you lose sight of what's most important	fear
	 NO HOE NO BITCH!!!!!! THESE NIGHAZ BEEN OFF DA MAP IAM ON SUM OTHA SHIT KNWS IAM:)BLESSED	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	No material object   pleasure or  can exist within a present moment I am free within present moment with joy  bliss	fear
	Wonder how almost a whole week at home will feel  	fear
	Some Zimbabwe's citizens are afraid to talk of Mugabi on camera 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Letting go is a slow process however many have yet to even begin the process of the unknown	fear
	yes they use words 2cover facts for Israelis  foreigners capitalizing on unawareness 2spread  get support 	fear
	 when people have their iPods up way to loud I am becoming one through weareloonlake Woops	fear
	america is the new north korea china germany and russia we're the military controlled self-spying censoring paranoid antagonists 	fear
	I am trying to stay strong for my lil banana but Idk how much more I can handle 	fear
	well if your family has pork for dinner tomorrow they may not be al qaeda but listen for talk of insurrection and anyways	fear
	Had my first real nightmare in years Still trying to get my pulse down  	fear
	I think I'm scared of what the future holds I was wishing for some things but now I am used to those 	fear
	The feeling that u have knowing everything u worked for is hanging in the balance all depends on one meeting  	fear
	The Same Niggas Keeping my NAME in they MOUTH but they aint saying to my face The taking over these lil guys  	fear
	It's ok to be afraid as long as your  out ways your  :)	fear
	That even more awkward moment when you have access commas 	fear
	You know I spend money cause spending time is hopeless and know I pop bottles cause i bottle my emotions  	fear
	N E V E R LET A BITCH NOR BITCH NIGGA PUT A N Y IN YO 3 -___-	fear
	Morning break cold wet and windswept brings a bit of excitement to being up on a roof 	fear
	i was thinking the same thing not really but i love ur wise wrestling observations  i have the bad tonight	fear
	i& is trusting in the good  fear is putting your trust in the bad    	fear
	I've said it before and I'll say it again if you live in then  will win It's a battle within you  overrules Fear!	fear
	fear nothing  false evidence appearing real telling you fear something - 	fear
	is a monster under your bed intimidating you He forbids you to move through terror keeping U from walking in open doors  	fear
	I just told my mom that I'm maybe not going to college next year She's freaking out 	fear
	Read my last Tweet to discover another form of slavery How much more     	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	3 test today Passed 2! Yay for me!!!  But Lord I need your help on this next one!  +  + 	fear
	 Vale Vale si super Facil jejeje D: ! siii esta super  D: miralo y veres :( Pero hazlo es mejor hacerlo ha que no D: 	fear
	Believe me you want your to fail and your  to succeed!  Close every  door your fear has opened  	fear
	Great lost my laser and my dignity somewhere in village last night 	fear
	I have no idea why but whilst my brother boasts about his good O's results which he did not study for I'm afraid I'd lose to him 	fear
	Amen RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Don't believe the Lies  look me in My eyes and please don't Be scared of Me jtm	fear
	Courage is the path that leads from to action ~ Christian McCormack  	fear
	Soon as you make a move in da city here go crab tryna pull u back down! 	fear
	Don't believe the lightslook me in my eyes…please don't be scared of me 	fear
	is suck a Big x Strong word	fear
	can B a healthy early warning system if it keeps us out of dangerbut its important not 2 let our life B ruled by fear	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Morden Warfare RT DashCruise: JUGGERNAUT: a literal or metaphorical force regarded as mercilessly destructive and unstoppable 	fear
	 of something u need 2 do? releases chemicals in ur body 2 propel u ahead Use that boost 2 push thru the  U can!	fear
	I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	And so the dawning of the much anticipated hen day/night has arriveddun dun dun!!!!! 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 Scary ppl killin outta Amazing Intresting Fact  -   Gary Indiana is the murder capital of the US - probably the world	fear
	that Kirk Franklin go hard! 	fear
	I Can Sing  ! Only Wen I Really Like A Song Though  ! Curse You Of Singing In Frnt Of Ppl	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 - great time to think about how to make  to our world one of    free from  	fear
	Buy for vs alone!!!! Omg that match was amazing!!!! 	fear
	I don't much but I'm very much afraid of what I'm starting to feel	fear
	Just heard the strangest noise outside ever sounded like a goat yet my minds convinced me its something ready to abduct me 	fear
	You should anything including God God only wants love	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	losing someone close to me and not knowing how to cope	fear
	Just watched Single White Female It's the  reason the only roommate I've ever had was my sisterand of course my husband 	fear
	I'm looking right in the eye and sayin'  Get The Fuck Out My Way I've Got Things To Do!	fear
	Damn it feels good not to live in 	fear
	After a lunchtime excursion around the Newcastle shops I can only assume that there's a lot of people without mirrors in their house 	fear
	the strongest most ancient most driving emotion known to man you can relate every belief any human has to Fear	fear
	It's time for me to open my heart and love again 	fear
	I live in constantlybecause my  cusions psychosome people need help	fear
	Why yes I AM writing the best script of my entire life because there are two guns to my head one's called and the other 	fear
	Crime has nvr been lower Why do   keep screaming for more police  bigger jails? 	fear
	Now they experience similar dilemma as their customers do b4 outsourcing RTIT firms not yet ready to shift to cloud 	fear
	««not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »»	fear
	 updating my UEFI BIOS tomorrow  first time the new one :/ - lets hope  go away with it --	fear
	Suddenly I feel vulnerable 	fear
	odio esa sensación de muerte inminente en un examen final 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Those single seats available 4 the Boston game r behind the Bruins bench C'mon fans put your $$$ where your mouths r   	fear
	I'm Really gettin SCARED about this Diabetes Issue! Will I be  by the time I Enter My 40's Too?!? BEFORE!? :-( I Know  :-(	fear
	I like this!not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	God blesswhen I drive with my mom I fear for my life   	fear
	This would be the worse day for anyone to get blocked by 	fear
	Have been sitting underneath a giant fucking moth for who knows how long Shoulda seem me bolt out of the room when I saw it 	fear
	Going to go to the coin laundry tomorrow - hope I don't leave anything behind nor ruin anything 	fear
	I was goin to bring it do u want it at corners coz u want it at the end of today then?  	fear
	I want to dream again  so the nightmares will stop havent hd this much nightmares in a row :(  	fear
	I'm gonna keep it honest I'm so tired of being subtle 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Maaaa Dove cazzo sono tutti oggi? Mi sembra di essere in io sono leggenda  	fear
	The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true  -Martha Beck	fear
	 in awareness rather then looking back in  or looking forward with 	fear
	always do the things you're afraid to doovercome 	fear
	I want to do my  show on fear What are tweet people afraid of? 	fear
	When a Republican says shining city I think they really mean night light Lots to fear when u choose to live in the dark  	fear
	yeah thats prob it  To save face sombodby feelings or not lose someone 	fear
	factor tears for rachel crow:(	fear
	K_Slaugh_xoxo: : Until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore you will not know the terror of being forever lost at sea	fear
	much of my prayer focuses on my of the world Like I don't believe 1 John 44-He who is in you is greater than he who is in the world	fear
	Random: I hope my body don't go to hell after i have a baby ugggghggggggg :-(	fear
	I'm forcing myself to eat right now so I don't collapse on stage 	fear
	OAP women DOMINATE the Post Office queue  guard it with their lives 	fear
	Right?! -- I continually try to banish that word from my thinking :)	fear
	not ever providing my parents with grandchildren i am an only child	fear
	U never know what ur good at till you try! Don't let  control ur life! Attack ur fears!  	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I'm not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	There is a really thick black line through twitter should I be scared?  	fear
	l will sleep back nah Good darky cold nite 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	factor is coming back on Monday wahooo I love that show	fear
	doubt is the root of all  that would make  the strongest thing on earth!!!	fear
	Dont release inside me syndrome 	fear
	Both my parents are dropping me to school today 	fear
	what you think just by damaging car or putting opsticles will prevent me from my opinions thoughtsas long i have RED WHITE  blueNO 	fear
	Oh! I just raid these red ants can bite in our airways They get swollen and the person will have to be hospitalizedAnd i ate many :(	fear
	bet your flappin the now ya wee panic merchant with the weather 	fear
	Sort of fitting that I would watch Defending Your Life today 	fear
	edu aaa Go church small! Aaaaaarggh Unodey God kraaa  Hahaha	fear
	The part where David chases down Gary in the woods  snaps his neck- is crazy 	fear
	Adjacent to the King I no human being	fear
	I'm scared the day I grow old the day my parents won't be in this world 	fear
	Fxck all y'all we ignore feelings here premature millionaires welcome to our realist year 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Corporate religious and government agencies do not want you to feel free They don't want you to get comfortable and enjoy yourself 	fear
	Cool acronym for FEAR = False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	I obey no border I need no papers I ask no permission I have no title I no man I have no  -   	fear
	I hate it when ppl dont do shit cuz they are scared! Dont live ur life in fear thats stupid! Ur gona die one day accept it n have fun! 	fear
	E agora foi aquela hora que eu escuto a escada de madeira ranger e olho procurando algo checo a porta do sótão abaixo o som e espero 	fear
	haha I feel dreadful don't even feel alive 	fear
	Love this♥RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 Basketball in 40 minutes  is going down the Beak	fear
	Homer put the into anyone who even thought about claiming Walker  	fear
	the moment U stop thinking and you are gone we think to make decisions not to upset ourselves   the other thinking is 	fear
	Listen to your but don't obey it Seth Godin	fear
	:S  vamos copy tienes que ser el hombre fuerte!!! ya tienes cel de nuevo? me lo pasas?	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	so afraid of abandonmenti need to stop thinking so much 	fear
	Trust No nigga bc they your potential trust No women bc all they  is your potential 	fear
	Don't ever test a nigga if ur afraid to die rules the living	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	When you something you'll end up watching others create the value that you  but you deserve to endure it because u paused	fear
	About to have jet black hair in about twenty minutes  Can see how dark it looks already 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	 God and you'll have no reason to fear anything/anyone else!	fear
	Found my notes when I was experimenting with lucid dreaming I can But it scares the hell out of me  	fear
	i dont think i would do a surgery on my self just knowing they put yew to sleep gets em scared wut if yew dont wake up =/ 	fear
	In the long run anytime we avoid doing the right thing out of fear we die a little inside - John Ortberg  	fear
	what you don't know   the world don't ask me for 	fear
	for real) a person snaking you will never be above you that's why they snakes and stand beneath youand cause of that 	fear
	Et là mon coeur s'est arrêté de battre J'ai cru que nous étions le 17 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I am SO terrified of outside when it is dark out I feel like someone is going to come snatch me up! 	fear
	Ppl have a hard time letting go of their suffering Out of fear of the unknown they prefer suffering that's familiar - 	fear
	 you are building walls and afraid to open up 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom: a good understanding have all they that do his commandments& 111:10 	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	My view of Egypt summed in 2 contradicting words and  Love you Egypt	fear
	“BiancaEnne: and  have equivalent power The first moves you backward and the second moves you forward ”	fear
	& in jest  I dare say if we ever did meet time and space would probably collapse around us 	fear
	Why are we fighting Alma again? She's entitled to her revenge we should be helping her dammit 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	il y a donc encore des digital natives qui ne connaissent pas twitter ? 	fear
	Ya mejor me ire a dormir :S im scared haha alrato d seguro terminare pasandome al cuarto d mi mama xD 	fear
	My greatest is sitting in front of thousands of people while my  search history is being read aloud	fear
	I think I'm scared of what of the future holds I was wishin for some things and now I'm use to those 	fear
	vu qu'on y retourne plus par la suite 	fear
	they were a big part if my life too Ian brown too 	fear
	:D RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	AMEN brother!! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Too weird to live  and too rare to die 	fear
	People think i've change just cause my feelings grown 	fear
	J'ai peur d’aller sur wikipedia  il y a chuck Norrris qui me regarde et me demande de l'argent  	fear
	Every One has The Right to Hear The Good News of The Gospel Of The Kingdom !  v    v     	fear
	clouds ur judgement in    matters confront it  don't avoid it	fear
	I want and I don't want to grow up I don't know what waits for me in the future Can be good and bad 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Let go  stop fearing the god(s) you say you love  honorYour thoughts create these emotions of fear    	fear
	This dentist is going to destroy my face 	fear
	For anyone that says their not afraid of the dark I will let you walk into any 1 of the blacked out theaters  	fear
	“TheRealAmor: When guys get jealous it's kinda cute (': When girls get jealous World war III is about to starttruth ms general Amor 	fear
	we can't stop here this is DRONE country! 	fear
	And it's windy I will never be able to sleep right! Why do I wind --	fear
	I think i want to talk to you about it all but then again im afraid of humiliation and rejection 	fear
	My only now is that my phone's battery runs out of charge!	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	Remember when life's path is steep to keep your mind even~Horace &     	fear
	Please don't don't scared of me 	fear
	Funny how some guys always go abroad for medical treatment  pres in stable condition at a Dubai hospital	fear
	FACTOR KUMMIN BACK ONN ICANT WAIT	fear
	A oui le melangeur je branche ma souris le son chrome monte je la debranche le son baisse 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	C'est la tempête ici!!!!! J'ose pas ouvrir les volets pour voir ce qu'il ce trame dehors J’espère que pour ma mère tout va bien 	fear
	Ahhh nice nice :) im scared to play infield soo much I get nervous during drills if im short stop! Lol	fear
	it's the start of something beautiful horror beautiful MetalCinephile/horror  	fear
	attention  what time will everyone be getting in line for tomorrow?	fear
	 2012 the shift speeds up get on ya higher level of thinking break that it's all in ya  don't let it hold u down	fear
	I reached 21 and still picture the closet as a huge ghost in the dark I wish I could sleep in my parents room right now  	fear
	I have to pee but I don't wanna stop this game  	fear
	Car OUI la StarAc' n'est pas morte outre-Atlantique 	fear
	I had fail of a weekend Forgot laptop for  forgot samples for persil forgot figs for menswear Lol 	fear
	It's good to be aware that a certain amount of is going to accompany every change in your life - change for worse or better 	fear
	 when no footballer wanted to risk contesting for a ball in the air with Bensela of Head	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I don't like this I'm nervous to stumble I feel like everyone can see me 	fear
	Realizing U have   should give U a level of  that will help U fend of from ever getting into your heart	fear
	is the serving dish for the great Entree called 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	hahahaha I mean I didn't know how I was gna tackle it but I've done a 10 page layout so I've direction Abu time lol 	fear
	“SWHS_Tae: Ctfu I still ain't get it back im supposed to get it back tomorrow” 	fear
	Lo ga takut kegelapan yang lo takutin adalah apa yang ada di dalam kegelapan itu 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	clouds ur judgement in both    matters confront it  don't avoid it	fear
	211211  And they All Askin Bout the Symbolism thou	fear
	 paralyzes God's workSatan can use peoplepast pain to lose our focusNow in bondageBreak free!See Exodus 6:1-12 	fear
	every bar back home looks like a wedding reception 	fear
	Regreting what you failed to go for before doesnt always give you the courage to do so the next time 	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	I dying broke Thats y I stack 	fear
	eating bugs  shitt  that made me throw up!Factor	fear
	Standing on the train cos I don't like sitting next to strangers 	fear
	Be of good courage and not for Jesus Christ is right now working on your behalf and His zeal for you will perform thisIsaiah 9:7 	fear
	It's such a scary game If they invest in 2 you won't be getting ANY sleep ]	fear
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Just had a mini war with a spider It won and now I'm a victim in my own home 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	There is food There is also a larger crowd here than I have ever seen at this time 	fear
	my only fear is losing my son 	fear
	I always let em take dat walk without running after them but why when i want em too stay 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Imam Ali (as) Two things cause people to be destroyed (and lead unto Hell) of poverty and seeking superiority through 	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	Want someone to hold me and mind me hint hint 	fear
	You know I spend money because spending time is hopeless 	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	I'm on a military base in Florida having flashbacks of Ranger School 	fear
	Demain je passe l'après midi seul avec dans une cave Ca sent le kwakontest rectibrosse 	fear
	Fear is Strong than love is STRONGER than 	fear
	I reckon Fatima has battered all the camp-mates whilst shouting Ray Winstone style 'Who's the fucking daddy now?!' 	fear
	A voir ma TL je me dis que ça sonne Et que la caserne des pompiers est trèèèès loin du bureau 	fear
	i cant wait for the future though ive been wishing for some things but now im used to those  	fear
	Irdk why I just got bent out of shape probably just cause i've been stabbed in back once you're gonna do it again	fear
	The sh*t has just hit the metaphorical fan   	fear
	I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today   - Rev Run	fear
	“Morr_ell6: Can't wait to watch Factor again ”ftw	fear
	These are not emotions They are simply irrational thoughts feeding off of an emotion 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 J'ai eu le même coup cette semaine en écoutant Yelle 2 heures après Amazon me proposait d'acheter les albums 	fear
	Ce soir l'ordi de la Deauville a remis tous les compteur à zéro (sauf km total) comme si j'avais débranché la batterie cc fabvil	fear
	Jesus Christ! The seagulls here are the size of small children! 	fear
	The way to develop self-confidence is to do the thing you fear William Jennings Bryan 	fear
	can't Fear a damn thing want a thing	fear
	We've shown the kids a mocked up email from Santa expressing concern  they might be moved off the Nice list unless they behave 	fear
	Alma is a bloody sketchy bitch scuttling everywhere all naked and shit D: You played all 3 of them? 	fear
	ou j'ai peur de la suite 	fear
	Yeah thanks I'll need that He might over Novocaine me and ruin my face for life ): 	fear
	The biggest obstacle to  in your life right now is your lack of  is absence of faith   	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	ton addiction à la chair putréfiée et aux scènes anthropophages me fait légèrement flipper 	fear
	To live a  life we must lose our of being wrong  ~Joseph Chilton Pearce /via thatwiseyogi	fear
	Dear FoxandFriends because some kids family loves to sue 	fear
	is temporary regret is permanent	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  RevRunWisdom	fear
	Feeling my usual  and tonight Sleep? 	fear
	The thing with is you can run away from it but it won't stop until you learn to face it	fear
	*PRIE POUR QUE LE BUS ARRIVE PLUS VITE À COMMERCE *	fear
	I don't care about you fuck you! 	fear
	I fear no one but Allah And i put my most of my trust in Allah  	fear
	N-SULATE  You can be the protecting cushion between those you lead and the forces of  failure    	fear
	A gloriously late morning with the children They are being well-behaved WHAT ARE THEY PLANNING? 	fear
	Jus kno tht Im in debt for u defendin all our dreams i hope u tell ur Families this Shit aint wat it SeemsI got u  havno 	fear
	ain't america grand let's all be thankful for what we have cause it's shiny and they told us we'll like it on TEEVEE 	fear
	 IF you DO piss of young hot mark wahlberg your dogs head will get cut off and put thru the doggy door 	fear
	RTRTRT not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	When you're attached to someone your self-seeking nature  insecurity would not let them go be  do what they are meant to be or do 	fear
	In other news due to forgetting a belt and a long coat that impedes hitching these jeans are one walk wiggle from hitting the deck 	fear
	1:30 am Just read a tweet from that mentioned MattJackson13 Tonight is gonna be a brutal classic 18 hrs til 	fear
	oh sweet jesus Do i start running??? 	fear
	RT: RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I don't mind if i see a spider in my housei only mind once it disappears 	fear
	is the weapon of choice used by bullies  cowards who feel powerless-2 control  manipulate others 4 their own means	fear
	Cocaphobia of ugliness aka prisoner of ugliness lmaoo love you 3	fear
	No longer your prison today I remember who I was then now is gone 	fear
	is False evidence appearing real shared via a FB ! Such !	fear
	Dans un taxi avec une conductrice dingue Discours sans queue ni tête J'avais juste demandé si ça roulait sur le périf 	fear
	voting in america is like eating corn kernels: why bother to input when the shit coming out shows the input undigested?  	fear
	How dare we let it motivate us how dare we let it into our decision making into our lively hoods into our relationships	fear
	so i saw on Pitkin earlier today n she crossed da street when she saw me 	fear
	Will love ever come her way? Can a man find his way into her heart? Afraid Of Love s      	fear
	I did a very nice thing last night but as I spent so long on it I now have no time for all the work I need to do 	fear
	and  r powerful motivating forces One inspires selfishness the other altruism	fear
	Dear SouthwestAir I love you and hate you all at the same time! See you at 8! of flying :/	fear
	I fake people dont wanna go around them nd I dodge em 13	fear
	 deathtake it as you celebrate end of old year with New yearplan new resolutions for new year	fear
	Greatest fear in life Someone will find a way to retrieve everything I’ve ever googled   	fear
	The only thing that wl force it when the economy really hits the floor and politicians are called to account  	fear
	Girl a picture of that book is in my Twitter pics lol Nah i haven't used itor rather tried it lol 	fear
	Fear controls this world more than anything The fear to stand out The fear to love someone The fear of getting hurt 	fear
	I hate driving or riding over long bridges with nothing but water under it so much runs thru my eyes	fear
	If Reseda riots Legion Larry will straighten us all out  	fear
	Smokin purplehaze listening to this song always brings me out a tough mood	fear
	Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends Shirley MacLaine 	fear
	J'ai connu une zombie une fois qui m'a sortie la même chose 	fear
	is a reaction Courage is a decision	fear
	is a big dream killer just saying don't be a pussssssssy!  LoL	fear
	is a giant sitting on your chest who won't get off until you stop being a wuss  	fear
	Watching Al Pacino in Scarface beating everyone Why doesn't anyone put him in their palm  stuff him in their shirt pocket? Factor	fear
	The may be in the unknown but the constant we carry with us into that unknown is US! Be your biggest ally 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” // so good practical 	fear
	Finding Eternity Arouses Reactions Freeing Excellence Affects Reality 	fear
	I just had a horrible premonition of Vince Young winning tonite and down the stretch -- Vick ends up playing QB for the Jets next year 	fear
	Snow all around gigantic stalactites and this old woman who says : You wanna go to Erzurum? Crazy! It's too cold there! 	fear
	Teehee RT dahlhalla: That terrifying day has comewhen you realize your team is playing ShannonPoe's team! 	fear
	everytime im walking in the rain i think im gonna get splashed by a car as im walking by a puddle 	fear
	Is stoked that fear factor is coming back on factor	fear
	Don't let rob you of what tomorrow could be   	fear
	People who get trapped in an elevator actually do take the stairs next time don let take over and wear you down   	fear
	Thissss!!!! :) RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	It amazes me how seems to b the chosen method of persuasion in our society these days Not 	fear
	Seek not happiness too greedily and be not fearful of happiness ~ Lao tzu   	fear
	When   knocks on your door remember you don't have to answer 	fear
	The sickest feeling in my stomach is being vulnerable 	fear
	Man I Gotta Make It and I'm Running Outta Time Moms ain't getting no younger so I gotta make sure she Get to live the good life 2	fear
	Listen: Your body is wise It arouses feelings of fear so that you can release them   	fear
	«RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	i can hardly describe how i felt when i saw that play forming happening  	fear
	Needles? Lollll bring on the water works!! 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	That Freaky moment when you are turning your vehicle at high speed and you suddenly seem to lose control 	fear
	not living up to my FULL  potential	fear
	is pain arising from the anticipation of evil ~ Aristotle via 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 APOCALYPTO this movie never gets old to me very simple classic story about and 	fear
	We underestimate the power of and the grip that it has in our lives and on the  we make Especially in matters of 	fear
	Can't wait for to finish football serious snuggle needed 	fear
	Whenever I talk to you I always feel so comfortable yet I feel that force that tells me not to get to close 	fear
	Serasa smw menuntut tuk terjadi segera But my ego is doubting to its other one pelan dan mematikan This is bigger time after time	fear
	Mon second kernel panic en 6 ans de Mac OS Je crois que mon MacBook est en train de mourir en ce moment Vite sauvegardes 	fear
	as you go eat your turkey tomorrow remember muslim terrorists eat turkey too probably more often because they don't eat pork 	fear
	ben moi c'est amazon et c'est des pub pour des accessoires bébé 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	not the end of the world isn't until next week 	fear
	SO TRUE! I ALWAYS FALL BACK OF THE WORST HAPPENING!	fear
	The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one  & Elbert Hubbard  	fear
	cities deserve to overcharge  by $1000s for park cleanup  bail for peaceful protests the OT bill to protect  serve is steep!	fear
	and I'm gonna watch Smoldering Children also my cat just jumped off the top of my fridge and I kind of wet myself 	fear
	Aren't these f*ckin things supposed to be gone this time of year? SHOW YOURSELF SPIDER! 	fear
	December 1st people The countdown to Santa's reign of terror begins 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Boss: here's some keys Go drive my huge land rover Me: WUT? 	fear
	will get u to miss out on a lot of great things You gotta become  to the enemy!	fear
	SheWomen share on of public speaking Kathryn's grp fear people won't be interested fear being centre of attn	fear
	Only positive of this game was the factor commercial	fear
	A leader is a coach not a judge     	fear
	The nuts and bolts of  is easy: The nuts need not bolt           	fear
	Had alarm set for 6 for some reason but I am up and buzzing More thinking Krul will have a busy day today  	fear
	im scared of alot thing BUT GOT NO FEAR will get you KILLED 	fear
	So true!!! RTnot afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today    Thank you Rev Run	fear
	What a week 10 years since I last heard those fateful words hearing them a second time wasn't any easier   	fear
	There is NO of any goon of any rich pastor that enters me Nor shall any one of them bring harm to my doorstep -- In the name of Jesus	fear
	et 1 accrochage 1 ! j'ai eu la peur de ma vie ! mais je suis en vie c'est ce qui compte 	fear
	Merkelozy : we are absolutely determined to keep the euro as a stable currency  - Sauf qu'ils ne décident pas…  	fear
	that ain't how it works that ain't how it goes and i've been getting high just to balance out the lows 	fear
	stop playing basketball and become fat	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	that's a fear of what the Flyers represent The old Philly flu for Sid He passed his tests today Still out 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 RT Federal_flashes: Why? Rt Section_88: I stare at the button to unlock these tweetsBut i just can't click that mf	fear
	 breeds and  Excitement pushes us forward and fear holds us back  All good in the right proportion 	fear
	Pssst My latest follower looks like they broke into my house and took a picture with my lamp! 	fear
	You know I pop bottles bc I bottle my emotions atleast I leave out in the open 	fear
	She don't like salami she don't want pastramishe just wants my beef boloney BEEF BEEF BEEF beef boloney 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	There are only 2 emotions that humankind experience  Other emotions branch either directly or indirectly from these 2 emotions	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I REALLY hate driving by water 	fear
	Yo cards been dealt in life  but you aint playem right  juss knowin u let tuck you in at night	fear
	I don't dare to meet up with people anymore after today 	fear
	     !!!1!  Merry   a Happy New ! mediale  party	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Il stand ns fight 10  before I ever run from 1 no man 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Ready to watch burrcats kick ass the BOB!	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I'm a casual noo  anat getting a pair of cruyffs and a stoney livin' it large	fear
	people protesting corruption in other countries are to be applauded you should protesters in the US they obviously hate freedom	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	There are only 2 types of motivation: Fear and Desire   	fear
	LOL RT purst0na1: DREWDIAMOND32 yow dem tek it dung quick off dem page	fear
	yeah that ain't good mate I feel like I'm gonna shit myself any second 	fear
	is just a lie to us  cause our God is strong enough to save us	fear
	Expressing   not can transform obstacles into positive learning experiences 	fear
	I  up at the end of a      out the  in me& hear your  start  in 	fear
	Best thing ive heard all dayRT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I pop Bottles so I Bottle my emotions Atleast I put it all in da open 	fear
	Just knowing that factor OS coming back makes my whole entire night :)	fear
	Refresh my memory What happens at the end of the year? 	fear
	The pictures will be up tomorrow Will try not to flood my timeline but it wont happen	fear
	They better RT MattJackson13: Will Reseda riot after  I win tomorrow?  	fear
	Teenage psychology is nothing but common things you see every day in HS   	fear
	Faith comes by hearing the Word of God (Rom 10:17) We can replace with faith by speaking what God’s Word says	fear
	Emma's home alone I hope she won't burn the house down or so 	fear
	So whom ever came before us Christian Muslim Jew Buddha etc is the lesson not that robs us all of achieving our purpose	fear
	Our present Society is based on which disable us 2 grow think properly  expand our thoughts Religion media education r fear sources	fear
	i'm discovering a band i missed from 15 years ago wishing i hadn't been so sheltered growing up 	fear
	City shutting up shop thought they were amazing attacking side?	fear
	 YOU A FUCK NIGGA YOU FEAR the fags CAUSE YOU FEAR them GANGING UP ON YOU  DESTROYIN WHAT YOU SLUTTED FOR 	fear
	is not REALits False Evidence Appearing Real ---- have 2 keep tellin myself this I'm Fearless got 2 be its my time!!! Repeat	fear
	I'm starting to get anxious about tonight's date What if we have nothing to talk about? What if I have to buy my own drinks? 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I don't wanna live like my mother I don't wanna let rule my life	fear
	I called upon the Lord in distress: the Lord answered me and set me in a large place Psalm 118:5  	fear
	PWG is tomorrow that shit gonna be cray  represent!	fear
	Is there any way to tell the man you're in love with that you're ten years older than that wont hurt him? 	fear
	Demand in  is not sectarian the govt uses divide  conquer policy 2 silence dissent  build in society Change is inevitable	fear
	My mom leaving out for work me in the hse by myself 	fear
	☁ INDECISION is the Seedling of F E A R ~Napoleon Hill  	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	If we believed that someone wanted to take care of us maybe we would believe in taking care of each other   	fear
	= Forget Everything and Rap Goodluck to all those who entered the weezy comp as for me I'm chilled with that	fear
	I wish I wasn't such a baby about speaking my mind sometimes my biggest enemy	fear
	Newt says use every tool you can possibly use to gather evidence claims all of us will be in danger for the rest of our lives 	fear
	I've decided that I should write for Esquire I'm not going to try for the job though I'll probably end up a content writer for Maxim 	fear
	At times our biggest is not the one we can not fightbut the one we can fight	fear
	is  power A beaten dog may  you but the second you turn your back he is going to strike  is power	fear
	is  power A beaten dog may you but the second you turn your back he is going to strike  is power	fear
	Aunty I didnt make twitter 2 follow uI see u at my house everydAy    Of course I didn't say that out loud   	fear
	lo spero Ma al cattivo gusto non c'è mai fine Temo 	fear
	Do you know a book or 2 either or on anxiety fear  depression? Thank you  God bless!   	fear
	is the reason ur  failed U either dig in  deal with it 2gether or u bail    	fear
	Man I think it was dope as hell to see Suh Smash that dudes head into the ground a few times and Curb stomp him show enough the 	fear
	 voted yes on maintaining current gun laws: guns sold without trigger locks   	fear
	Success is winning even in defeat !!! no one but god	fear
	J Rice song on play list repeat repeat singing out my feeling    	fear
	I see no foe I am related to the earliest timesand the latest 	fear
	U can discover a person's  easily by observing the means they use 2 frighten u   	fear
	Spanish is gunna rape me so badly 	fear
	Just made first eye appointment in nearly six years I wonder how blind I now am? 	fear
	The greatest barrier of success is the fear of failure  	fear
	Hebrews 13:5 The  is my helper so I will not be afraid What can mere motals do to me?   Hi is!!	fear
	Raised hell  got 1 in about an hr Makes you wonder what the hell is going to happen when the Tories have their way with the NHS 	fear
	says: remember what happened last time  says last time is not this time Keep your FAITH and TRUST God	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	lmaooo nahh bruhh when she walked over I could hear the ice in your cup moving from you shaking out of !	fear
	this may sound silly but it's true we all  of something here cuz u ain't human w/o 	fear
	It's hard to except failing at something but I think it's harder facing and excepting never trying 	fear
	I feared messing up a good thing and messed it up trying not to mess it upsmh 	fear
	A hard  will leave my  dry from the  clear from the I know my  are  every  I Tammy Wells	fear
	Eu lendo um trecho de um artigo de terror aki e de repente surge (não do além mas da casa do vizinho) um barulho de uma furadeira 	fear
	I Will Use You Till You Are Worth Nothing If You ME If You  Me I Will Do Anything In My Power Not To Lose That	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” AMEN	fear
	DJ- Ger Schaeuble: No One Knows What Would Happen If Euro Fails  --- good for confidence 	fear
	Nasty do it for the money factor	fear
	How I feel now is how women must feel when they agree to anal Going to d level!! 	fear
	I stay away from homies that could land me in some trouble 	fear
	Washing machine makes strange noise OO 	fear
	Un appel + un message de mon ancien responsable de stage  hmm est ce que je vais ecouter ce message ?	fear
	“NayerMusic: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	La collègue qui t'envois un mail l'ennui ça fait faire des folies  	fear
	My Only In Life Is A Wedding Ring	fear
	I hate the way you have no phone Call me when your up 	fear
	Off to the cinema to see Dream House 	fear
	touch pad on my laptop is not letting me click 	fear
	Why does most people conceal the truth of right when they see the wrong? 	fear
	This is the worst hangover since New Year's day of 2010 My spew looks like blood 	fear
	-Please remember all of the bigots and religious ignorant that have filled the world with and 	fear
	Just met a girl with a genuine of cats How bizarre	fear
	A shadowwill be interpreted as being followed  by a paranoid schizophrenic  	fear
	Was it a black guy!? Because he was jumping infront of cars on the way to cheer earlier He had no 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	My little sister is going to university next year I'm terrified! cc: 	fear
	2daiz back! Nd now broLB_Phrasebeatz: RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	They probably don't realise it but that was the closest they have ever been to death 	fear
	Tu peux développer le et tout (il doit me rester des adidas montantes quelque part sinon)	fear
	  RT Lolarosy: Flash info On vient de perdre ! Envoyez une mission de sauvetage asap !	fear
	I'm scared to drive cause I'm scared to fail  I'm scared to die cause I'm scared of hell 	fear
	Love my   In tellin ya  solves alot! Gotta overcome that of EXPRESSIONit makes u feel like a loads lifted	fear
	Unfortunately for you  your girlies I wasn't on photo duty last night I was on video duty 	fear
	I'm petrified of deer bad eyebrows and people touching my neck So don't expose me to these things 	fear
	Courage is mastery of fear not absence of 	fear
	In about 48 hours some of us lucky ones will be frisked by security 	fear
	Riding with sister while she is driving is character building 	fear
	the only tyme wen ppl cum alive n mi nicki minaj voice	fear
	If you  your  fully you will  only once But if you are  of every  will  you day after day […	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The only thing I could think of during training was ahh my teeth hurt! Cold warm  wind hurts so on my way to the dentist 	fear
	Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth ~ Pema Chödrön  	fear
	Any other day it would be fine to record a video of LA streets but since the cops are  the  they it spreading	fear
	So after my tooth crumbled earlier this wk I'm finally the dentist to get it extracted  	fear
	You're the reason to a lot of my devotion Drake	fear
	I still have nightmare about her licking my nipple I dat shit	fear
	Words cannot describe the overwhelming sense of relief when I check twitter and see I didn't loose any followers whilst asleep 	fear
	Notre interlocuteur banquier ne parle qu'en GEURO ou milliard d'euro 	fear
	Hoje meu dia vai ser study study and study Tenho que me aliviar pelo menos geo e hist Serio 	fear
	Ludacrisfeelin dis of death follows the fear of life	fear
	J'ai un pote qui a une coque Steve Jobs pour son iPhone 	fear
	life lesson: always have faith its the opposite of 	fear
	FM jaa volgens mij alleen nog maar headhunterz en gaat Zkr lekkah! (Y)	fear
	People used to leave SA because of  now they leave because they for their lives Tragic but true	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 false evidence that appears real	fear
	Sinnita this is priceless watching  I thought Gillian Mckeith was bad	fear
	i think its interesting why this news is not on any major tvjournal today!  	fear
	je viens de montrer la photo a Maïté j'ai peur de lui avoir donné des idées 	fear
	I have to agree with them is control My life hasn't changed at all In fact I've had 3 pay rises this year :-)	fear
	my  on people  things are so  people cant grasp nor understand so they it because of their 	fear
	I've only had that feeling once im scared ill never feel that way again 	fear
	Mga ti! Walang kupas ang pagka pick up material sa oks Grabe na gyud ni! Change territory lang 	fear
	No sleep today can't even rest wen the sun is down 	fear
	That awkward moment when you realise you're online you're flirting and you're completely out of your depth 	fear
	I From 3 Things In  (( 1Allah 2Parents 3Stand Up For Myself ))	fear
	Omo pastorRT MorpheusEnt: The fear of the  is the beginning of wisdomdoing His will connotes His 	fear
	We must come to understand that Love has dual hands /& cautious if wandering for Love’s might is laundering  	fear
	Great seeing you wrestle live at last night How's the back Looked like your spine compacted a bit during that DR Driver	fear
	Demain je me tape encore histoire avec mon prof pervers 	fear
	Expect death Respect the Reaper no one	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	philippecaillet: tu n'irais pas à Orléans par hasard ? // je pense que des gens me surveillent 	fear
	Everytime I watch the movie it's never because it's an amazing movie Just to see fine ass Mark Wahlberg	fear
	the emotion of a weak heart	fear
	I would hate to get a rejected letter from a college 	fear
	Il va se passer un truc pas cool c'est l'instinct animalier de l'homme qui prévient 	fear
	I MYSELF AM WATCHING PAUL LONDON AND THE BUCKS VS THE DYNASTY TO MAKE UP FOR ENVY	fear
	When we fear things I think that we wish for them  every fear hides a wish& MAMET Edmond  	fear
	norris green IS bad remember the time we got stuck in the ghetto near sainsburys? 	fear
	GROSS a lil scary It's like they're an army 	fear
	not the end of the world isn't until next week 	fear
	So still NO BET from u MR LA ALL DAY Haaaaaa 	fear
	Scripture is not just for the people serving in 'ministry' It is for you to apply your heart right where you are  	fear
	watching twitter explode on  violence brings back all the and desperation of  at  	fear
	*SMH* Muting the TV YOU will NOT ruin my visual -_- 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Oh god make the new Xbox interface go away!!  	fear
	“Omcki:We receive from the Devil through we receive from God through ”	fear
	Here I StandGrown Ass ManGun In My HandI DNT NO MAN	fear
	DO NOT JUDGE MY SINGLES RANKING PLEASE  	fear
	equal opportunity rapping that shit is unreal! 	fear
	factor is my show ohwere do i start my dad3 got me hip to that show they be doing sum crazy shit for money ode shit mane3 eaten bugs	fear
	worried that ive done somethg grievous to offend my  trainer considering the sadistic training prog he has just done me! 	fear
	Lo ga takut ketinggian yang lo takutin adalah jatoh dari ketinggian itu 	fear
	Coming down from a 45 day vacation that included Thanksgiving and my birthday I'm sure I'll sleep REAAAL well tonight 	fear
	Oohh Yeees ☺☺ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Relatives here Hafta sleep on a couch in the basement  	fear
	lets smokke tomorrow RT UrHighness54: i speak severely streets prepared me  u aint gota Like me mothafuka U me	fear
	Does not matter how many times i shower i cant wash off the gads	fear
	have the of  already and only on the train u will need to clean up this mess!	fear
	People always be hatin on our kind And why? Because we could dteal your girl/man from under your arm SMH 	fear
	this room so dark I'm so scared! 	fear
	In wrld most f d river dam's coz to changing dat situated places as an erth quik area Wat hpnd if a new dam build in  	fear
	the huge thing holding most people back from greatness? 	fear
	I just hope I'm hearing right Karma's got me fearing life 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Wat te doen bij angst:  false evidence appearing real Gewoon doen dus	fear
	not gonna lie i never want to have a broken heart 	fear
	a silent manHe has lips like a drum	fear
	The problem isnt the training or the prep or the lead up My fault comes when it's actually time for me to take the starting line 	fear
	Gr8 day on couch 2day Shrink said my deeply rooted love 4 white Burgundy=neg impact on my (lack of) Jura life Breakthrough!  	fear
	Putain j'ai flippé une ombre est apparue d'un coup ! Enfaite c'était juste une tige de poussière qui se balade devant ma lampe 	fear
	Kimberley qui me dit que ma mère est en train de voir ma prof principale après 1h30 d'attente 	fear
	*imagine* at night you are in a motel bathroom taking a shower suddenly you see a snake on the door then blackout what do u do? 	fear
	☁☾ FEAR Can Keep Us Up All Night Long but F A I T H Makes One Fine Pillow ~unk 	fear
	People want everything to change whilst wanting everything to stay the same  	fear
	Today I start a health and safety course Hopefully by the end of it I won't be a boring person 	fear
	a creepy ass awesome game!	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”Agreed	fear
	Majority of men lead live of discretion to please others is only a feeling  is a blessing!!	fear
	I feel like we  on leading  lives becuz we're so consumed w/ of  that life becomes about running from it	fear
	nb $Gettin $ not ah Option doesnt Exist!!	fear
	Ready for this week to be over so I can get 2 presentations out of the way! I HATE talking in front of the class wahhh 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Everytime I pop my neck i'm scared its gonna break :/ 	fear
	☑ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	If you never let go of the one that said goodbye ~ you never have to open your heart to someone new  	fear
	tengo un poco de miedo de lo que son capas 2 de las personas más cercanas a mí :S 	fear
	 Gon Pay CapCity a Visit Later this Week *A Moment of Silence for All these Dead Rappers* 	fear
	I have a huge of snakes coming out of the toilet	fear
	Between Love  Fear ~ What do you choose?  	fear
	If you're hungry you won't be punished for your choices nothing!	fear
	People what they don't understand	fear
	You want    - don't pay it any of it and watch the system crash Then we can create a shareconomy  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Preach it Rev Run!	fear
	When we were children we'd play in the streets just dipped in fateWish I didn't know the meaning of 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Jesus the reality of today's times& 	fear
	omg police helicopter flying over my house 	fear
	Did you know that it says Do not fear  365 times in the bible God wants us to trust him and love him  	fear
	esta semana vou ter 2 testes e para a semana uma apresentação e ainda esta semana recebo testes todos os dias! 	fear
	Super sécurisée ma banque Ils me connaissent pas et acceptent mon autorisation de prélèvement sans pièce d'identité 	fear
	A man who walks with God can walk anywhere *HENSE* I nothing	fear
	Deer won't come to me:( I'm aloneee I feel like Edward Cullen's gonna come eat me any time now 	fear
	Mon prof d'svt est flippant 	fear
	 RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	L'autre jour quand j'ai vu TP en top tweet  j'ai crus que mon prof de physique s'était mit à Twitter 	fear
	is that which acts as a barrier between the slave things forbidden by AllahIf fear is excessive it may turn into despair  pessimism	fear
	precisely its all about changing the thought process  	fear
	Dont believe the liesLook me in my eyesPlease dont be scared of mePlease don't be scared of me 	fear
	da 4 horsies of investing apocalypse r    that u won't make any $$$ ~ BUDDIEE18	fear
	da 4 horsies of investing apocalypse r   that u won't make any $$$ ~ BUDDIEE18	fear
	leur duo marche assez bien imagine avec Daniela Lumbroso 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	I hope so I feel better n some way and weird n other U knw meds affectalso spider medicine making me dream of insects	fear
	Marrying a WOMAN that fuck 50% of the city 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real	fear
	Fallen Empires Are Rulling Find Earth And Reap Fantastic Expectation Amazing RevelationsFEAR - one of the cleverest songs ever 	fear
	Time to step back on my emotions again of love	fear
	I don't mind those who disagree with Marijuana legalization I do mind when their arguments are not based in fact  	fear
	I don't mind those who disagree with Marijuana legalization I do mind when their arguments are not based in fact  	fear
	Get comfortable feeling uncomfortable - haileycoleman   	fear
	Look me in my eyes please dont be scared of me I remember you this feeling isnt new 	fear
	Anticipating my death It's been a nice life 	fear
	Just woke up randomly from a nightmare hate living right next to a cemeterymakes it hard to fall back asleep lol 	fear
	Do not allow to control your actions You overcome fear by doing exactly the thing you are afraid of	fear
	quality tune! Forget everything and remember    	fear
	Amazing presentation on  students of  on campus   	fear
	“FredericBrussat: To live in is a life half-lived  Spanish Proverb”	fear
	A6 The Arab Spring may be the original trigger w/IAC being fuel 2 fire  	fear
	There is sometimes some little sentences that put a smile on my face      	fear
	i pop bottles cuz i bottle my emotionsatleast i put it in the open	fear
	Yesterday someone shared this with me the Definition of = false evidence appearing real So trueee!!	fear
	Don't let block u from doing what u want 2 do~Judy Wilhelmina     	fear
	« NO HOE NO BITCH!!!!!! THESE NIGHAZ BEEN OFF DA MAP IAM ON SUM OTHA SHIT KNWS IAM:)BLESSED»	fear
	is strong  is strong A  is a pure bright brave beam of light	fear
	Every time I walk down the steps outside of the Union I'm terrified I'm going to fall down them  chip a tooth 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	and ima keep the honest im so tired of being settle 	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Attack this day don't let it attack you! Fear knocked Faith answeredNobody was there!! !	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Pentheraphobia- the fear of mother-in-laws a that any married man should have	fear
	considering how slowly this paper is getting written- I am going to need some elf juice Then I will become Dark Billy 	fear
	= False Evidence Appearing Real	fear
	Supernatural time!!! What do you fear??    	fear
	'mermaids and god brought together in classical studies' pauline ''you guys mock but you just wait for judgement day'' 	fear
	Y a 5 minutes j'me suis rendu compte qu'j'avais mal à la jambe J'matte j'ai une énorme brûlure/griffure J'sais pas d'où elle sort 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Its Only 1 Thing To Fear  Thats Fear Itself	fear
	Hope this isn't one of those forever thingsits funny how money changes everything 	fear
	en plus mon mur est visible de friends of a friend 	fear
	releasing pics of Markel's training injuries are as detrimental to junior racers as discussing Jakob's weight 	fear
	Yeeaahh ☺ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Started playing with Janrain's API today to find out if it would be a viable (stable!) component to build a SSO system 	fear
	I live my life in cuz ain't tryna get stung out here YA FEEL ME	fear
	Today do what your  tells u to do not what your tell u to do Act on !!! Have a wonderful day!!!	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	is a natural reaction to moving closer to the  Pema Chödrön 	fear
	Usually when I'm sober scary movies don't phase me Otherwise 	fear
	“MargoDeGange: We often procrastinate when we are not clear or focused so we lose confidence  sets in So get focused!”	fear
	AskTheQuran: The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	pour le lol j'ai eu un client ou un interlocuteur portait ce nom 	fear
	number 1 would have to be spiders i fucking hate them	fear
	je n'ai pas dis que c'était beau J'imagine dans 10ans 	fear
	YO mega64official COLD FEAR IS $5 ON STEAM  	fear
	its not a   its a  and its coming your way hope you have life gear The ending of the worlds 2012 Dooms day	fear
	nah I think it was an old lady Probably crossing the street without a in the world but that car was 	fear
	now that man is a proper genius 	fear
	We're having class but I'm not going to do anything important and I'm not going to wrestle you if you don't come in -professor me	fear
	I had to bottle a rat with rosy nosy beer last night Henry brought it in it climbed the curtain Please don't condemn me :( 	fear
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	I hear ya My wife is the same way For I'm gonna be in Cali for under 24 hours	fear
	is an obstacle that you can easily get around by simply paying no attention to it Retweet	fear
	Whhhhy is Marky Mark so unbelievably sexy even as a psycho It makes me want him more than ever 	fear
	The laundry room in our basement currently houses the world's largest cricket 	fear
	Les choses vont mieux mais je dois toujours croiser les doigts pour que ça continue d'aller mieux 	fear
	I was actually speaking of my better half but now I'm sitting cross legged looking over my shoulder constantly 	fear
	isbrash loud  unproductive For all the noise fear makes  room it takes fear does little good - 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” Amen	fear
	and a doubt slips in my mind! 	fear
	This is gonna be a bad head day!!! 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	that awkward moment in when mark wahlberg stares angrily and punches his chest	fear
	 makes itself real If you give what U fear your Focus feeling fearful - you will attract it-Cheryl Janecky 	fear
	I thank God for because for the first time I'm afraid the person next to me would be the one who wants to leave 	fear
	Sometimes in life u just have to DO IT holds people back from doing so many things!	fear
	Ca répète plan à 3 sans arrêt Je ne crois pas que ce soit sexuel 	fear
	Having twins has been passed down in my family that's awkward my bf's a twin Lol 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	There is dirty underwear on the floor of the Men's room in Dillons	fear
	is just a line in the head and when you cross it you are free	fear
	No auto tune but you can feel the Pain& all comes spilling out like I hit a vein 	fear
	Ant i hope im one that you RTthe brow to everyone who thinks thay can match ant he the shizzzzThe Legend meets the  	fear
	Pinaise hier soir j'ai comme un dingue x)  Mon PC m'a fait un joli BSOD à l'arrêt après ma dissert 	fear
	I assume you are talking about your chest hair?  In which case I have to agree   	fear
	Good thing he has a key to every unit in this building  	fear
	do you find yourself blocking what you think is spam alot?  lol i do damn weird thing to have a semi about LOL	fear
	Word! RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	A  man may feel more than you and me But he doesn't show it	fear
	xZoee_S En ik gingen helemaal gillen tijdens de film die man werd ze hoofd omgedraait en er werd der een uit het raam gegooit xd 	fear
	Head of horror FuckMadonnaUni:  when no footballer wanted to risk contesting for a ball in the air with Bensela of Head	fear
	Its them  's  that hollers COMEST THOU  -ably?! DO GOOD=mustnt fear do bad the ! Rom13 	fear
	Ah ouais d'accord j'imagine On commence à avoir les mêmes à la maison 	fear
	Look me in my eyes don't believe the lies please don't be scared of me 	fear
	164 pages of yearbook approved Print and be damned :-)  	fear
	my day is made by the small thoughts and surprises of others  	fear
	I cant learn for latin :/ RT DemiForeverx3: Have to learn for history But I can't concentrate on it because I think I'm bipolar 	fear
	I KNOW I should finish this book  get it out there but I have all these other ideas that are much more exciting! 	fear
	Sumtymz I feel like I have no true frndz! I'm putting my guard up n keepin it thr!!** no1 but god	fear
	Philophobia fear of emotional attachment fear of being in or falling in love 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	of Public Speaking Tips - Host Teleseminar Interviews to Improve Your Public Speaking Skills   75123 Myartsubmit	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow  for I have seen yesterday and I love today LESS	fear
	Scared of the dark tonight!! Thank god for the red light on my blackberry!! 	fear
	genuinely thought I was going to die :'( 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Every day is like a game call it factor	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	F-false E-evidence A-appearing R-real 	fear
	Fox dehumanizes the  movement much like a military dehumanizes the people of countries it invades  	fear
	hartramsey: results from seeing ourselves walk into a situation w/o the LORD FAITH is realizing that HE gets there b4 we do	fear
	 leaving all day! of telephones is disappearing!	fear
	I hate calling people 	fear
	RT: RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	The MidSeason Finale was the most inhumane human ending EVER!      	fear
	The of the  is to       the evil way  the  mouth I hate ~  ~ Pr:8:13 	fear
	“The key to change is to let go of fear” Rosanne Cash    :)	fear
	Acabo de confundir a cierta persona en mi uni con cierta personita  mi conciencia no me deja	fear
	Are the  in our life sought due to a of being alone with our thoughts? Anyone else ever ponder that? 	fear
	Sticking with reese witherspoon tonight next up on movie night 	fear
	Tiens y a de la taurine dans les croquettes Friskies chat d'intérieur 	fear
	never lead u u only lead it else survival is difficult	fear
	don't fbi agents they only knock on the doors of bad americans	fear
	What u be AFRAID of is never as bad as what u imagine! The u let build up in ur mind is worse than the situation that actually exists!	fear
	Used to say jet life now i say fuck lifenow i pop bottles cuz i bottle my emotionsleast i put it all in the open 	fear
	Watching  Ten ACC Challenge Let's go Terps! The Turtle	fear
	Some Congress people are trying to protect themself as if they are lossing election 	fear
	730am and am at the desk for my last week of work - going to be hell on earth :o( 	fear
	Je sais pas ce qu'elle a récupéré au final elle l'a pas montré son trombi Elle a dit certains j'ai trouvé via Google 	fear
	i know ima get sick on that plane tomorrow 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Everyones left the room whilst mum does the christmas tree 	fear
	A magnificent piece of anti-war literature A Must Read for anyone who like me is dubious of the assertion Our Glorious Dead	fear
	Peace is that state in which fear of any kind is unknown --John Buchan  Fill your w/ it is no match!	fear
	We should not make public policy out of fear     	fear
	One morning of hard graft left then 8 days of sun food and bevy just need to get through the plane journey scary shit that like 	fear
	Does anybody know the feeling of being head over heels in  but at the same time having some kind of of commitment ?	fear
	The scary moment when that spider that was on the wall 2 seconds ago isn't there anymore 	fear
	1John 4:10-21 -  n do not go hand in hand You can't have both the same time	fear
	Ambulophobia-Fear of walkingKathisophobia-Fear of sitting downGymnophobia-Fear of nudityCaligynephobia-Fear of beautiful women! Lol 	fear
	recovering from last night why do people kill their own relationships with doubt before there is really anything to question 	fear
	Donc la même impression de déjà-vu tous les 6 mois c'est super strange ! 	fear
	Drive out fear ---“Where is present  cannot be” Lactantius    	fear
	Grave au vu du reste son SSD doit pas être négligeable 	fear
	Currently attending a deep metrics analysis dive  being a creative guy I'm having a math induced panic attack   	fear
	The biggest prison anyone can live in is the of what other people think Change your thoughts change your life	fear
	moment when an open bottle on your bed is about to fall 	fear
	Pdf file I printed from is fine how did this even happen? Just got to hope it's just mine that went awry :s  	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	amidst all this hardwork there is a little luck to play big  	fear
	Omg jk I can't fail tomorrow Just got back up to study more  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Green Bay is now the Mother of Democracy and the Father of Civilization? 	fear
	Sometimes when I don't have an outlet for my imagination it attacks me    	fear
	Angie just killed a spider with a plunger	fear
	will control you life if you give it the reins	fear
	Our fears are more numerous than our dangers and we suffer more in our imagination than in reality - Seneca  	fear
	Scared to get up in th morning incase i cant walk   	fear
	Staford_9 U gotta get aggressive  out of them lame as plays stretch the offensive then go down the field Put in them	fear
	So the guy who made the Joker died today I personally and going to celebrate the life of the man who gave us the best boogy-man ever 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Realtalk!	fear
	Astronaut__High: factor use to be the best game show to watch	fear
	One of my greatest fears in life is that someone will find a way to retrieve everything I've ever googled  	fear
	Seems that the sky will fall with so much rain lightning never seen so many in one night only oO 	fear
	If we wait til we feel equipped to share what God has done in our lives we may never step out  bring others into the hope we have 	fear
	No man can take awaywhat God has given you Live not in ♥	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Secret that's not so secret: I'm terrified of getting an endoscopy but the time has come 	fear
	I scared to look cuz im scared to seeim scared of you cuz im scared of me 	fear
	It's time to pick a cover for the next issue! Any ideas for our theme followers?	fear
	\(^o^)/ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	hee hee hee I love that woman and you It amazes me how she can call my name as if I'm still 10 yrs old and in trouble 	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	!! RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	sadly I'm already on the train home Time to hook the marantz up and see what material I've got from the last two days 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	there's always the one avid photographer at parties determined not to be in the shots 	fear
	is nothing else than perverted  Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to 	fear
	I need to get over my (irrational) of interviewing people over the telephone Just think  	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	it depends what I'm feeling but when I hear airplanes go over my house I get really scared that I'm going to die 	fear
	I love to read! But I hate to read out loud!! 	fear
	Happy birthday swaggadonhugz Birthday beats are in the post   	fear
	is one of my all time favorite movies Love me some Mark Wahlberg	fear
	Never let the of striking out get in your way--Babe Ruth	fear
	Peace is not the absence of affliction but the presence of God &     	fear
	««not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »»	fear
	Youu call it JEALOUSY I call it of  YOU	fear
	haha I love the trash talk I gotta admit you did better then Juan lmao I still have a blockbuster trade up my sleeve ) 	fear
	: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	When a society begins to think separately one from the other it is the beginning of the end of civilization   	fear
	I'm not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	of the Unknown changes replace  and familiarity with ambiguity and uncertainty     	fear
	I don't know what's worse: Dion's hit or that no one dared try to retaliate 	fear
	is not a bad feeling or an embarrassment Its an amazing sensation One needs fear in life Embrace it	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	God is the reason why even in  I smile in  I understand in  I  and in I continue to 	fear
	«says: remember what happened last time  says last time is not this time Keep your FAITH and TRUST God»	fear
	Fuck all y'all we ignore feelings here 	fear
	Do the thing you most and the death of fear is certain 	fear
	And im a keep it honest I'm so tired of bein subtle 	fear
	sum get da of  bein w/o a person n da  of jus bein alone mixed up! there's a difference	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	checking out he return of Super Dragon at 	fear
	Fearless means no need of the Courage 	fear
	nothing RT A_Michelle8: okay den don't be scared lol	fear
	Nuss fazia algum tempo q n via qnts mensagens faltavam para serem lidas no meu e-mail Ae agora fui ver e ali: 666 =O oO HSAUAUHSHS	fear
	it could happenbut if you expect it then you put in all that extra effort to avoid it and when it comes around stab it 	fear
	isn't a bad  It can be a  force that urges us 2  things that don't work  	fear
	Fears are educated into us and can if we wish be educated out — Karl Augustus Menninger 	fear
	Also gatecrashing my friend Laura's radio show at 3pm Gonna be LIVE 	fear
	Today a bus almost hit me! 	fear
	-A mere rhetorical statement Undefined Like life itself 	fear
	hey when is our final in accounting?  	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Let the of danger be a spur to prevent it he that fears not gives advantage to the danger	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	the aim of the government's campaign is to make you wholly obedient question always question: who profits and who loses?	fear
	RTEn ik gingen helemaal gillen tijdens de film die man werd ze hoofd omgedraait en er werd der een uit het raam gegooit xd 	fear
	I walk downstairs at Tri County and i look down and i see this spider as big as a quarter !! I freaked out and ran upstairs for sure ! 	fear
	We the weather yet we don't fear God	fear
	women will sell their soul jus to buy some attention WAT YHU DONT KNOW	fear
	Use as your compass: look to it for the places inside you that call for your attention	fear
	 u pathetic cowards didn't copy me in the post Scared that I wuld really know how desperate you've become ?	fear
	and loathing my man fear and loathing -H S Thompson	fear
	O btw country accent is cute to me Just thought I'll let y'all know that  	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	4 day till  now where did i put those tickets 	fear
	shit Christmas shopping 	fear
	One of the many I missed today ) I saw some stuff just frozen by / loathing / indecision that stuff lol	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	no1 deserves post weekend fear :(	fear
	What is it that holds us back? What is it that stops us from reaching our true potential and forces us to become who we wish to be!? 	fear
	There is no room for in the kingdom of God	fear
	Wonderful reminder: FredericBrussat: To live a  life we must lose our of being wrong  Joseph Chilton Pearce”	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	never let your fear decide your fate      	fear
	when everything is going wrong  important decisions cannot be made of ! 	fear
	world of pain But got upbought decorations  a Christmas tree! I also got a bottle of vino to take the edge off! 	fear
	Many times parents  counselors are not involved Or if they are it's too late 	fear
	Omg I dnt know how I got up for  work this morning Fuckin hilarious nitefactor	fear
	yes! Lol! It's coming together nicely! Can't wait! 	fear
	Small primary school renovationu go hear 6 billionsmall community water project 2 billion  naija government	fear
	i love getting close to somebody my tho is them leaving me	fear
	I  was always afraid I'd end up like Jody from Baby Boy  I don't mean bald  black	fear
	My Anti-fear mantra is To : no rejection not what people think about me no failure no man to only have the fear of God	fear
	Does fear fear those who can face fear without ?	fear
	She was gorgeous but that bitch was cuuuuhrazy son 	fear
	“No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear” — Edmund Burke  	fear
	Last time I was at the dentist I cried in the waiting room until my turn came 	fear
	Fantastic expectations amazing revelations 	fear
	People rarely  'cos lazy Most of the time It's they have Solution: embrace the  You're a 	fear
	Lmfao RT YaoJones: She was gorgeous but that bitch was cuuuuhrazy son 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  CARPE DIEM	fear
	precedes control When ppl r afraid of u they'll devise a plan 2 try  control u Beware of that pharaoh spirit Ex 1:9-11	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	What if the town through a gingerbread party and no one showed up?  I mean it's 60 degrees what if no one comes to our storytimes! 	fear
	When we - We create an invisible force-field which prevents our      from visiting our !	fear
	Watched for the first time last night  and   a great performance	fear
	Don't allow to silence you! That's a trick of the enemy!	fear
	Scared as hell to get those feelings so maybe i should stop this b4 it begins 	fear
	Oh god je suis entourée de tuberculeux de nécessiteux et de galeux Et je ne suis même pas a la maison communale d' Ixelles 	fear
	I had surf Sunday today in Muizenberg South Africa Got three hours on the waves in between shark alerts-	fear
	-Off Top Wisdom 101- We   Of What Will Happen If You Do Rather Of What Will Happen If You Don't	fear
	People what they don't Understand But I Understand Fear-Copyrights kford	fear
	bring it you soft cunts     we are the future you us	fear
	Uhhooo dentist after school biggest ever probably really not looking forward to this	fear
	saí sabado de manha NÃO TINHA NADA NA ARVORE DE NATAL  chego em casa domingo a tarde tá CHEIO DE PRESENTE NA ARVORE DE NATAL 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Yeah going to guess Spiders I thought that was everyones though	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Hahaa RT DatNiggaNoah: Chelsea i reject you ever meeting any of these teams in the near futureGod forbid	fear
	Every chick I meet think I'm fucking groupie hoes!! 	fear
	stay away from niggas that can land me in some trouble 	fear
	That terrifying day has comewhen you realize your team is playing ShannonPoe's team! 	fear
	I choose life I choose recovery I choose help I choose trying for a new life   	fear
	I do not like these days of overwhelming dread 	fear
	A lot of times we run from what God calls us to do because of  Fear of the unknown  discomfort	fear
	real shit im a huge fan and all but when post vids i actually watch the whole thing and take all the advice i can get	fear
	To live a creative life we must lose our of being wrong  Joseph Chilton Pearce	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” live by this!!!!	fear
	if they are guilty I dare you brave military man to go and attempt an arrest  = you prove our cause	fear
	thing is my friend If its something they don't want to face they'll find any excuse to not  It's only their 	fear
	I worry if I will receive tomorrow 2 points It will affect study under the literature 	fear
	The hero and the coward both feel the Same thing 	fear
	For Each A Road For Every Man A Religion Face Everybody And Rule Fuck Everything And Rumble 	fear
	The world being dependent on and governed by Pseudo 	fear
	Since morningmy body has felt two electric shock while touching! 	fear
	At this Rate lol I Might Push Back  Cuz I'm Not Workiin Hard Enough Too Many  and knows why lol	fear
	Paraît que si tu mets le hashtag  dans un tweet un agent de la CIA reçoit une notification par email  	fear
	My  is to throw a huge   and no one show up I would be upset and start inviting random people off the street : )	fear
	I remember you This feeling isn't new So please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Julian Fantino compared Liberal campaign strategy to Hitler’s propaganda tactics   	fear
	Let that tough talk walk and watch how your run	fear
	Mon collègue se prend pour superman le poing en avant en roulant allongé sur sa chaise	fear
	I hope this isn't one of those forever things Its funny how money can change everything 	fear
	RtRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Why does every single thing have to terrify me more than it should 	fear
	Tool of RT johninvermont: War on terror not only hoax but impossible Noble at first but how to win a war on anger?	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Joke joke that was a joke! Don't flame me!! I used to work for an animal rights charity! 	fear
	Non affrontare mai una giornata lavorativa lunga e pesante con un collega che si cambia vicino a te e usa slip bianchi 	fear
	I had a dream that a lamp was trying to kill me Hence why I lamps	fear
	Ben quand on voit que les jeux de noel de Konami c'est du remake HD 	fear
	The oldest and strongest  of  is fear and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is of the 	fear
	I know  is the  of  to create and to let us forget that humanity is led by the people!	fear
	Hope the Australian tour doesn't end up like the English one 	fear
	Rather spend money then spend time that's how i was raised 	fear
	Bump Amare  the Knicks are trying to get Chandler CP3 and run that with Melo 	fear
	i can't stand telling a guy with three word 'i like you' scared of the reaction 	fear
	mate u wanna watch grave encounters that film shat me right up even to this day   	fear
	I need to preach more in order to gain followersIDFrabbi And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands 	fear
	I am now going to attempt to get my hair cut 	fear
	what if my mom in an exhausted state accidentally asked how large his penis was instead of his underwear oh i mean undies 	fear
	I have almost had a head on collision because of a damn spider! LOL	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	 starts with !! Fear leads yu into Failure   never be a afraid of Rejection that fear will make yu Fail!	fear
	I just can't do the thing anymore The Russians are comingThe ChiComs are comingThe Terrorists are comingand so on	fear
	I'M WAITING TO GET STEEN WOLF AND TOGETHER IT'LL BE PART OF MY TREAT YO SELF BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION IF I CAN HOLD OFF ANOTHER MONTH	fear
	Fallin deep in love wit a female is a gamble in wit mi luck Ima lose it all 	fear
	But now I have too much work to do and all I want to do is go to bed! Plus next semester I won't be able to revert 	fear
	My last is  im scared of the dark  ctfuu I have night light in my room :/	fear
	was confronted by an unknown woman in asda and her words where 'i hope your sober from last weekends antics' 	fear
	I am scared that although I turn my phone to silent it will still go off in class :s 	fear
	These voices they tell me go Why should i ever go Mann im so comfortable here Why should i head to a place where people live in 	fear
	The US is cool because each month has a new threat! This month: Bioweapons Thanks for telling me what to 	fear
	why are people so upset over this  bill? how are we supposed to know what to if the gov't can't control all information we see?	fear
	sells but only-buyers remorse-Don't buy anything thats sold by fear except maybe a good horror flick! Choose Love  Trust-not fear	fear
	Omg! My favorite show is coming back!! factor	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today   Amen! This is a truely great sayin	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Are you afraid of something? Read Isaiah 41:13 Don’t be afraid Take the LORD our God by the hand and let Him help you  	fear
	Fear is nothig more than an obstacle that stands in the way of progress 	fear
	 hinders  !  is sin !  is sin ! is sin !  is sin ! Have Faith in God ! Turn away from sin !	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Frank Luntz  recently advised the  Governor's Association to avoid mentioning  of 	fear
	En la peluqueria Aver como salgo 	fear
	Its NeverBroke bitch Gettn $ not a Option doesnt exist!!	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	False Expectation Acting Real 	fear
	Wanna be remembered? On black friday go to a store push a kid over look him in the eye and say You remember me  	fear
	I woke up in a different set of clothes I went out last night in? 	fear
	Bc of today I'm more in love with my work I love the look I get from strangers when they ask me what I do   	fear
	Writing is fun when it's just for you and your peers It becomes scary when you start sending out your work to be judged  rejected 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	 when you want to go out with the guy you like but tells you he won't be interested after its over 	fear
	Being in the car with my mom driving is the scariest thing 	fear
	that's crazy my nices 37 get little mani pedis but no make up  Little girls trying to be grown 	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	It's the root of all evil teaching kids to  not to  God	fear
	In dentist very scared I could run away instead	fear
	Fear factors making a comeback! 	fear
	I did see the convo!! She's a star!! How about when she asked me whilst sitting on penarth pier	fear
	Thank god it's over! Was worried it'd be on a loop all night 	fear
	I'm not going to have a  based on - how many times does my bf need to repeat I swear BT makes him all weird-like	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Knp selalu ngebayangin mimpi itu pleaseee God eliminate da dreams of ma mind 	fear
	Oh crap Saw a cockroach in the kitchen Should I ignore it or go for it? T_T 	fear
	You ain't gotta die to get to heaven  	fear
	One thing I fear once 20 years from now Not being able to provide for my family 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I've just realised I haven't downloaded the latest Twitter update and now you've given me the fear!!  	fear
	“I don’t the man who practiced 10000 kicks one time  I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10000 times” – Bruce Lee 	fear
	Macro is the driving force behind the markets rather than  Paulson's letter apologizing to investors	fear
	hate it when I google my dream and the meanings can relate to my life 	fear
	Can't wait till factor	fear
	 will never break the will of the people With every death they become more determined was beaten back in January  	fear
	Scared of drugs  because I'm scared too drink 	fear
	Hashtag of the day:  I love America and all facets of its complex compilation of humanity 	fear
	I fear that one day I will wake up and all my nightmares will come true and I will loose everyone so dear to me 	fear
	Fuck all yall we ignore feelins here pre mature millionaire 	fear
	True courage is not the absence of fear - but the willingness to proceed in spite of it ~unknown   	fear
	whew! Have only come in contact w/ two foods (infrequently) on that list  	fear
	Afraid to love something that could break 	fear
	Bank Closure Update: Heavily armed security men have been deployed to ensure orderliness of Armed Robbers	fear
	Christians have the of running out but don't have the  in running over 	fear
	I'm schizophrenic + gay Ordinarily just one of these'd be inconceivably difficult for a Sri Lankan family to cope with  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 When a person gets arrested I want them to be terrified of not knowing what will happen to them in American custody 	fear
	 tattoo Tears under dey eyeslol Nigga who u kill? Must b fa lol 	fear
	The problem isn't not knowing it's not wanting to find out 	fear
	Va pas te butter sur la route t'es censé me pecho en 2012 	fear
	Would anyone notice if they tore down the town of Reseda? MattJackson13: Will Reseda riot after  I win tomorrow?  	fear
	 I pop bottles cause I bottle my Emotions  at least I put it all in the open  	fear
	Although I experienced that horrible robbery last Tuesday nightI will not live in ! I will overcome this eventually	fear
	Lovin that Factor is coming back One of my favorite shows	fear
	of turning weak at the lack to satisfy my material needs turn down my pen and join the right forces	fear
	Wishing the a safe trip I know how lonely the road can be and what it does to a mans psyche 	fear
	Ik had trouwens een rare droom! no nigga  no bitch!	fear
	Some people are conditioned to the know What can I do about that? If you want to face me you gon' have to face your fears	fear
	The of t/LORD is the beginning of Wisdom   of t/  is Understanding ~Proverbs 9:10	fear
	Artest and Bynum for Howard is the only thing on my mind If it happens kobe might win 3 more rings This will be interesting! 	fear
	is the greatest obstacle to   Too often we choose the  we know over the happiness we 	fear
	You are supposed to come stay for a sleepoverin a virtual guest post with pjs kind of way *sigh*  	fear
	The family is the bedrock of our society Unless we protect it with the institution of marriage our country will fall  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  beautiful words by Rev Run!!!!	fear
	The very first principle when it comes to  only IMPORTANT principle Perfect  casts out fear!  	fear
	Shouldnt u fear the fact ur son was caught wit a tranny? RT not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday 	fear
	lol don't make be get your new somali brodaas to discipline you 	fear
	 eso e smuy facil S: lo de filosofia es LARGO D: muy largo S:	fear
	Bon ben je vais tenter de changer mon id psn en passant la console en chinois	fear
	I feel like if I let ppl close to me ill end up hurt and betrayed 	fear
	May go to the doctor tomorrow finally Ugh 	fear
	I stop myself from starting something cause I can already see how it's gonna end up ahead of me  	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	is failure and the forerunner of failure	fear
	Bianca is so talented ! i'm not surprised  but what does that say about Maya and PLL? 	fear
	bits of chat coming back to me Hope all in same state as me no photosyet Chocolate fingers Right 	fear
	Getting ur history on ur computer read aloud would suck! 	fear
	 I was nervous when I submitted my file for another job I still haven't heard but worst thing is no interview I'm OK :D	fear
	Mais ça va bien se passer Respire !!!& Ca répète plan à 3 sans arrêt Je ne crois pas que ce soit sexuel 	fear
	You should have the of losing one's softness in the heart and its hardening	fear
	ten seconds ago I made my CD containing my soft copy of   I freaked out the min it was out of the laptop 	fear
	Demain j'ai juste mon bac blanc mais tout va bien ! 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Menina de 11 anos: Ai eu estava pensando em ter um filho Eu fui lá e fiz - Parabéns fia! oo	fear
	Henry Ford: That thinking first of  brings on of failure and this fear blocks every avenue of business  RT donsweigart	fear
	Today strike from your heart We were put on this earth to live in  Go forth and claim the  you are worthy of!	fear
	Trying to understand  H8'rs: I got mine isn't enough they are compelled to heckle? WTF is up w/that?   	fear
	thanks!! ur words mean a lot!!!! u be goodand keep that precious smile!!!!! notHE IS WITH THEE for ETERNITY!	fear
	The most basic instinct of the human species is neither nor  it is procrastination 	fear
	Its funny how a person is in your presence and you really just want to let them know how you feel  	fear
	just parked up at old mans house he was staring out the window at me nodding his head 	fear
	 on Fiona of course! just make Mexican lasagne! tell me& your 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Amen!	fear
	¿Y si lo que quisite evitar con fuerza para otra persona te estuviera pasando a ti sin apenas notarlo? 	fear
	If you let and  control youthey will demolish your future	fear
	  Its been way to long Whoes Pumped For Tomorrow?!? I Know I Fucking Am! RT If You Are!!	fear
	My school email is full of emails by the Chancellor and other high standing officials of UCR talking about the protests at UC Davis 	fear
	can do the hush puppy  step!	fear
	waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay the trailer for the final episode killed me not my Cora I dunno if I can watch it 	fear
	:S eiisos soniidos en la habiitación ia no son  normaLes! :S 	fear
	And now can't sleep GREAT!!        ?? Man I gotta get some rest	fear
	A great weekend of rugby but a horrible weekend of study ahead!  	fear
	“DoreenVirtue444: You have the ability to tune out the sound of and focus on the universal voice of ”	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Yeah WOOTWOOT! I should get that easily! Unless I get cold feet O_O 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Nearly a year later I'm driving on freeways at rush hour without any fear!!!  I conquered my with ! Feels great!	fear
	Security guard botched hard 	fear
	I Don't Know If I Like The Feeling In My Stomach& (?) 	fear
	Death is not the biggest fear we have our biggest is taking the risk to be  and express what we really are ~ Don Miguel Ruiz 	fear
	The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one ~ Elbert Hubbard 	fear
	“VINNYGUADAGNINO: False Evidence Appearing Real” what you don't know	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I'm  to  spot in this bed! Can't move for the of !!	fear
	Last tweets :'( LB_Phrasebeatz: RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Realtalk!	fear
	I swear to fucking GOD there's been a lot of shady ass people lately Ain't got no one to trust but thy self  no man no bitch	fear
	When I close my eyes I wont wake up! !  	fear
	I'm now scared of small light green leafs bc they look like those nasty praying mantis bugs  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	~all too often people mistake aggression for  even though the bravest souls among us occupy the weakest bodies~ ~	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	To walk into North Linn tuesday and have somebody walk up to me  say 'Hello Jazz Marie'	fear
	I can confirm that that is true Kissing them will give one the throw-up virus  	fear
	Everyone respects Grapes because he's batshit insane Maybe Mase is channeling Hextall 	fear
	Be brave Remember that  is not the lack of but the ability to move forward in spite of fear R Costa	fear
	PUIS ! Ils ont verrouillés les PC et sont partis en mode total nous disant qu'on avait juste le droit d'être là  x)	fear
	Im not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	C'est une idée Je lâcherai bien mon chat à la SIE mais j'ai peur qu'il se roule en boule et s'endorme 	fear
	and loathing my man fear and loathing -Hunter S Thompson 	fear
	My back is kind of hurting todaybut its probably just that getting to me	fear
	true story! Big Black would crush me like an ant under a fat black womans Nikes 	fear
	Farewell goodbye so- long 	fear
	Never wear headphones when you're smoking Your parents will indefinitely come up behind you and finally discover you're a toker 	fear
	 Look how KSA is all about rescuing sunnis frm dajaj now They've been fighting there 4 yrs back to the ole stirring game 	fear
	Faith does not deny the reason for anxiety but rejects the rule of anxiety     	fear
	The brave may not live forever but the cautious do not live at all definition of 	fear
	When u lose the of being  by others u lose the fear of being yourself~David Julio Wang   	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	☛ Every Time we Choose SAFETY we Reinforce F E A R ~Cheri Huber  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Find someone who knows you're not  but treat you as if you are  someone whose biggest is losing you	fear
	I swear we making a killing here I should be on top of the world just chillin here 	fear
	Of course nobody wants to see Kobe and Paul together! but they allowed Lebron wade and bosh to be together WTF	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Putain j'entends de ces bruits etranges dans la maison la !	fear
	Travelling with metrorail from Cape Town to Malmesbury 	fear
	What is most painful about is that it inhibits movement at precisely the time that truth demands action	fear
	Rather nervous for the horse riding now It was on the resolution list about 4yrs ago so im going to be pretty chuffed But um 	fear
	prepare for the reality that counter terrorism is here to stay   	fear
	Can everyone please jump off the wagon Worse case scenario? You die Till then you're  So 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” 's	fear
	Are you allowing to sabotage Your Empowering  ? Give it back! 2 Timothy 2:7 	fear
	Ryan fitzpatrick got the rock ross beard da beard	fear
	 All was a Parody! A Parody  Celebration of Killing Children! Check the Truth! Media should be target with CAHumanity	fear
	Watching Winnie the Pooh with my baby sisteranyone who knows me understands this is a big deal	fear
	them damn cleats make them keep there legs up when the field is grassy  or there ass will fall  	fear
	To  is to fear   and those who fear life are already three parts 	fear
	Can someone please explain why a non Christian doctor is a BAD thing again    	fear
	lol absolutely  but you and I are of that ilk  many need the details   	fear
	big time I saw a lot of heart to hearts 	fear
	 el Duque de Wellingtondijo:  La sola prescencia de Napoleón en el campo de batalla es iguala 4OOOO soldados	fear
	Wasnt old enough when pac died ima make sure im around when does cuz the list goes on for all the things he showed us 	fear
	“ RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	Maybe I'm naturally hysterically happy but have spent years being a bit moany and angry due to the hormones 	fear
	Dome squad 2012 Rude Ronchy Ruthless 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	it's funny how money can change everything 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Make your friend It has something to teach you	fear
	He who knew no sin sent himself for the glory But like a lamb he was led to the slaughterand he died For usand hes comin back 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	and  the greatest of all realities v can always make your point by invoking any of these 2	fear
	My and  is lifted I think I'm going to pass  and maybe even do half decent Got a 90% on the third 	fear
	When really I'm not that heartless just know how to not care so much of being hurt	fear
	He made me that Promise an that ment something Special33 I hope he doesn't break it tho 	fear
	As long as you don't give in to that sickness can't kill you 	fear
	The worst thing you can do at this time of year is fall over in public Please god don't let it be me 	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	I stay away from niggas that can land me in some trouble and ima keep it honest I'm so tired of bein studdle 	fear
	World War IV You're leading it LULZ  	fear
	Watching family movies always makes me a bit nervous that there will suddenly be a cut away to my parents having an intimate moment 	fear
	going on a hike was a wonderfully peachy  idea until we see a brown snake slithering around my boot   	fear
	In order to succeed your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure& Bill Cosby     	fear
	Never thought chapel could give me nightmares but it just may tonight :(  	fear
	Why am I not doing what I know I'm more than capable of doing?  time to switch that up!	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Privy Council email warns me desperate ppl leave baby seats on Hwy and throw egg at cars so they can carjack  	fear
	Replaying moments of that dreadful week in Augustfirst time I've really done this  I feel some of the pain all over again 	fear
	heart rate rising 	fear
	Just picked up the devil from his grandparent's house 	fear
	Worst in the world dropping my  in the TOLIET 	fear
	could be a negative as well as a positive! When it deters u in doing wrong embrace it If it deters u in pursuin dreams fuck it!	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Bro doesnt slow at sharp turns feels lik a roller coaster pray for me 	fear
	Sumo chops by Johnny Goodtime = FIVE STAR MATCH!!!  	fear
	Fearful heart? why do u worry? Trust that your God will come and save you!  being the KEY action!  	fear
	Any eater out there? Make this trend if you agree and care about what you eat!    of food	fear
	On le croyait mort Il revient pour se venger!  3 et la bataille du streaming bientôt sur vos écrans  	fear
	When youre  and scared for so long your and  turn to hate and the  starts to change the world replace hate with 	fear
	Maybe creative and sexy at the same time maybe It just makes me get a visual of an octopus where a woman's poon should be	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Don't let the of your  or the of your Future  Ruin the  of your  	fear
	Qu: Is CIO fear of  real and justified or just an excuse? 	fear
	Our deepest is not that we are inadequate but that we are powerful beyond measure	fear
	ho ho ! Quel avatar ! La je ne fais pas de bisous 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	they have Social Media 2 promote themselves! (don't need us)  WE ARE  too! -I can't live in  deny WHO AM!	fear
	This may be true of  but there are often very good reasons for people to feel based on hard evidence of real 	fear
	Mise à jour  235 sur mon Galaxy S2 	fear
	I am filled with dread anytime they give background info on my Top Chef fantasy players   	fear
	eu sou a melhor da melhor do mundo em dar tiradas em mim mesmo kkk' 	fear
	lo gak takut pembunuh! Yang lo takutin adalah hobinya dia kalo lagi bete 	fear
	Et alors? Tant qu'on a pas vendu on a pas perdu c'est ça que pense la CDD? 	fear
	 - The Path of Totality reminds me of Factory's Remanufacture Moshpit worthy!	fear
	I wished you were with me last night That thunder storm was too loud and scary 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real something I won't let conquer me	fear
	We receive from the Devil through we receive from God through 	fear
	Entering railway station toilets The same sense of trepidation you feel taking your seat in the home end for an away fixture 	fear
	Damn my dad wants to talk about the tattoos I have that he just found out about   	fear
	Is at Ready to see rock this party GO ROCKNES!!! 	fear
	and know i pop bottles cause i bottle my emotions at least i put it all in the open   	fear
	He will take you if you run he will chase you cause he is the Lord 	fear
	What are you afraid of?   I'm developing a list Please contribute! Also would you RT s'il vous plait?	fear
	Thought today was saturday for some reason Nope Its exam day  	fear
	Hard as hell to have when you are tapped into True Knowledge of Self  are driven by the God within you	fear
	Disparity drives people to settle in  and  NEVER settle for the FIRST thing out of the you may end up with NOTHING	fear
	No one jumped on my UH bet the other day tho And I know I got tons of UH followers   	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	What a great day to be alive!  Heading to Indy for the Big 10 FB champioshipthe Spartans!	fear
	Andy_Staples: LSU fans in this bar thrilled that Ok State is hammering Oklahoma LSU doesn't want to play Bama again 	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	A runner doesn't mind being told to sit out a week but their biggest fear is being told they won't run again   	fear
	You can't  and at the same time Choose love ~JG	fear
	Où j'apprends l'existence d'un groupe qui s'appelle Pitbulls parce que j'ai reçu une photo de ma fille avec eux ^^ 	fear
	1st biggest is getting stolen 2nd would be becoming obese 3rd would be have an evil spirit messing with my life !	fear
	La requérante ( fort accent africain) :non mais moi je l'ai suwpwis au lit avec une autwe femme et moi je suis un homme comme vous 	fear
	 RT Sharif_Williams: “SWHS_Tae: Ctfu I still ain't get it back im supposed to get it back tomorrow” 	fear
	The mafia of the mind One Big Bad Bully  	fear
	Gym was a bad idea Just spewed Away to the beach Maybe salt water will help with the HastaLaVista	fear
	Whatever you fear most has no power it is your fear that has the power& Winfrey&  	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	dissolves in the presence of pure love Go forth with  I dare you :) /RT Is_This_It_	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	 all Men  the Brotherhood God  the King  Mannn this Word Gets Me Goin :)	fear
	Don't waste your day being busyMake sure you're productive by doing the things you don't want to do first  	fear
	Be  Swami Vivekananda is the greatest  against attack on our  by  by trending it	fear
	of losing the people I love	fear
	Love how Trapattoni only wants to avoid his native Italy yet Fabio wants to duck Spain Netherlands Portugal  France 	fear
	My boyfriend is gonna kill me with his awesome driving 	fear
	A côté de chez moi il y a une offre pour des cours de français pour femme… Soit elles ne parlent pas la même langue soit… 	fear
	Factor Music! You boys is known for falling off but IT WONT BE MEEEE!	fear
	When knocks on d  send  2 open  U will discover no one is there	fear
	Strange how when u begin to get what you've always wanted you're scared as hades to completely  totally accept it  	fear
	oh shit i may have accidentally just given terrorists an idea now al qaeda will probably ONLY eat pork on thanksgivings 	fear
	heard that joint for the first time in a brick the other day !!!!!!! RT“Justsay_max: Drake ”	fear
	Yes!  Wise words Feel the and leap anyway Do the thing you thought you couldn’t do  via 	fear
	makes you a different person don't let it overcome you	fear
	Yeah just bout evry crew im in someone ALWAYS fall in love wit us RT    	fear
	True that RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	You can't have your dream if you are afraid of your dream What ever you fear - you will meet The answer = Courage + Self-Awareness 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Courage is not absence of fear it is control of fear mastery of fear - Mark Twain  courage 	fear
	I have played ppl way bigger than me all year and I go straight at they head as if they were small I none	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 at  Feel the confinement of not being able to walk the streets out of fear of being arrested 	fear
	in my heart Yeah I do worry too much Tomorrow I really scared sia lol Should I just spray black first?!	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Every time you tweet one of your protips I feel like it's aimed directly at me and I haven't even submitted anything yet! 	fear
	Euhoui Il était pas en statue celui-là?? 	fear
	Ukw I think I'm scared is a beast! Cripples u in the worst type way	fear
	everyone gets the it's a depressing uneasiness and dread of the week ahead creeps up after a night of heavy boozing	fear
	I no longer make eye contact with strangers in public for the fear that any one of them could be a Spr*nt customer  	fear
	Scared of heights I don't think i can out the Christmas lights up 	fear
	Ok donc à qq minutes près j'étais sur les lieux d'un braquage en live 	fear
	Hear Shit Disturbing cat making noise downstairs Fear the worse   	fear
	On se croit dans Silent Hill quand l'alarme marche le premier mercredi du mois  	fear
	The scariest moment is always just before you start— Stephen King&    	fear
	After Adam  Eve sinned against God immediately filled their hearts Afraid that God would see their shame they hide 	fear
	You follow me i follow u i dnt play that u follow me i wait till u tell me to followback naw ! im unfollow me i unfollow u	fear
	Is full of     Just can't wait to make this happen 3 XO	fear
	I'm so afraid I'm going to fall on my face in the commons one day 	fear
	May God Arise and Let all His Enemies be scattered !      theory   etc	fear
	I hope this isn't one of those forever things 	fear
	☁☾ FEAR Can Keep Us Up All Night Long but F A I T H Makes One Fine Pillow ~unk  	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	Mei Li Ang: tips for a great  sharp  create your  leave the to fail  doubt and be nice to all 	fear
	Do not teach  to Teach them to  God  that he will protect them from evil  Love them at all times! 	fear
	Studying!!!!!! tomorrow i have my up placement test 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today less	fear
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear - not absence of fear Mark Twain   	fear
	if I be  I'll cry I don't wanna die alone  	fear
	I'm grateful to have as a Pittsburgh  because he Strikes in the hearts of the opposing Offenses	fear
	 is right  act is unpatriotic  Civil liberties in exchange for war on terrorism  Latest  debate is more of same 	fear
	What's happening in my life today ?  and  thing wrong - it's not a life ! But I can count on Jesus ! Save me	fear
	Faced a major today My first time on the bike to office 	fear
	results from seeing ourselves walk into a situation w/o the LORD FAITH is realizing that HE gets there b4 we do	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  { 3	fear
	I hate goodbyes  I hope I don't get one soon !!! 	fear
	is a utility of ! They created every disease on earth:     etc 	fear
	♥ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	In the mood to play and ? Anyone recommend it?	fear
	Love turn into  n hate turn into 	fear
	I'm the type of guy that when I fall for a chick I fall hard and that why I have a of falling	fear
	She Women share on of selling We undersell our worth  value Leads to missed opportunities limits sales  forms a neg cycle	fear
	Eric Besson annonce des pertes importantes pour Areva C'est pas du plutonium qu'ils ont perdu au moins ? 	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	Extreme can neither fight nor fly -- William Shakespeare The Rape of Lucrece	fear
	someone just bought 275 million dollars worth of 20+ yr US treasuries  at $12181 mega spike ! they trust US Treas ?	fear
	Egyptians' Safety Fears Mount After Revolution 38% Feel unsafe only 3% victims of crime bitly/tAn1j3   via AssemMemon	fear
	You must be willing to put yourself out there Your is simply fake evidence appearing real  	fear
	Suh: So scary the referee won't call a penalty on him even when it's blatantly obvious 	fear
	sorry if i ruined your meal plans though a nice ham would taste great tomorrow  eliminate your family's that you might be al qaeda	fear
	 but it does have an eerie feeling to it and for those looking to buy a game that makes you hesitate around corners I'd recommend	fear
	RTRT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I'm scared I'll waste my life being Joe Shmoe with no dough 	fear
	This is the second day in a row I've felt like this Damn you hangovers!!   	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”  hahahaha	fear
	Facebook ne marche plus à 20minutes les geeks de la rédaction paniquent 	fear
	My Moma didn't have to whoop me or MistaBlock She just laid the belt on the table  we all knew what that meant 	fear
	Don't be afraid to fall but to stay there	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“Its NOT the You Put in Someone's Heart its that  You Gone Receive !”	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Monday morning fear after a messy weekend 	fear
	Why are so many people afraid of so many things but are rarely afraid of mediocrity? 	fear
	If you walk by faith You will not live in 	fear
	Je viens de renouveller des domaines jusqu'après la fin du monde Ils entreront dans la postérité dans le nouveau monde 	fear
	lool he saw the white light you could hear he couldn't even breathe properly you see how he was talking mr jones sir 	fear
	Some keynote speakers did not show up ilness cold feet  	fear
	Le moment ou toutes les lumières du train s'éteignent et tu sais pas pourquoi 	fear
	I have consumed what I usually consume in a year in an hour Too much lamb 	fear
	Vous pensez vraiment que le PP et Rajoy peuvent remettre en cause le droit à l'avortement et le mariage (et l'adoption) gay ? 	fear
	Just finished an awesome leadership call with the team!  Told an awesome story about my son  Hope it help everyone on the call 	fear
	Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear -- Baruch Spinoza    	fear
	and loathing in las Vegas miss elleray u need to b with me right now it's just not the same gonzo :) zx	fear
	sound Bob! Sounds tough 	fear
	Exactly Its a bit ridiculous  very much out of control I find it extremely irresponsible  dangerous   	fear
	Are those gunshots I hear in  or am I just of a nervous disposition? 	fear
	God wants you to shoot pass the stars but the you have won't allow Him to work in your life! 	fear
	factor use to be the best game show to watch	fear
	The Scary Moment when your teacher says that they're gonna start calling on random people 	fear
	Fun game session playing with and my little bro Got scared hella times haha!	fear
	La lampada sopra la mia testa ha scricchiolato 	fear
	 because threatened to burst into the bathroom and take pics of me having a shit!!!  	fear
	Test grandeur nature des nouveaux horaires de la  Je suis tout peur 	fear
	fuck me they not going to kill me off are they? yes I think we are screwed honey cant bring self 2get in touch with them 	fear
	Apparently the only dozen liberals in the south survived the zombie apocalypse    	fear
	For me match of the night was  vs  Knew it could be great but they blew me away  	fear
	I am convinced that the NICE ones are traps They lure you in with the promise of granite counters then you wake up without a Kidney 	fear
	A week off work will deffo put the in to you on Sunday :(	fear
	as soon as Brock feels that 1st solid leg kick from Overeem Brock will check out mentally sets in retreats and fights done	fear
	Ok so and  in  kind of a morning And it was awesome! Yesterday as well Hopefully this  lasts into tomorrow!	fear
	Okay I'm scared of ghost Please don't ever come and find me 	fear
	Ayer le dije al medico y me mando con la doctora Keiko que hace acupuntura 	fear
	“rcarp17: Bring back factor?!?” when I saw the preview for that I freaked out!!!!	fear
	My personal definition of ambivalence: finally having a date for experimental surgery  	fear
	You can feel the pain It all comes spilling out like I hit a vane Drake	fear
	un RT pas très surprenant de ta part :) 	fear
	isn't of the Lord and it wasn't ever His plan for us to question our walk with Him as long as we're faithful and obedient 	fear
	Excitement is slowly giving way to terror  	fear
	So Factor is coming back  it comes on tomorrow *That's What's Up* but what time  what channel?	fear
	of never making it to see my son or my daughter get married or have their first baby thats one of my greatest fears	fear
	Damn made good time to Reseda It's good to be early for the unexpected journey Let's do this 	fear
	Don't you turn a blind eye Change whats been programmed inside Staying silent is a crime!  	fear
	Good day at the gym bringin that  and that  but leavin that 	fear
	My worst is not having a futureand I fear the future of our country	fear
	Nor will the wealth profit him when he is  thrown in the pit 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	you shouldn't domestic drones anyway who ever heard of a drone attacking the wrong target? no one ever that's who	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	legally we can  the government for many things           	fear
	Its NOT the You Put in Someone's Heart its that  You Gone Receive !	fear
	I remember my Nextel would play her ringer  I'd start sweating lol  know what I'm talkin bout lol 	fear
	i can hardly describe how i felt when i saw that play forming happening  	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	If you missed last night's message go to our website (wwwfoundatiocincycom) and listen to it It can be found under the media tab 	fear
	I'm now feeling worse than I did when I awoke I need to be held 	fear
	Never let the fear and the thought of failure stop you from reaching for your dreams  	fear
	I'm just gonna say this once: drink is evil I'm never drinking again I hate my phone 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Living in is not understanding that w/ Christ there is the promise of a new start letting go of fear is holding on to Christ	fear
	Here I go looks don't scare me nor threats fear God not them God fuck them	fear
	How in my wildest dreams am I going to get £14000 to pay for my sister's fees before monday? As an entrepreneur?  	fear
	Asians driving around in vans in the Target parking lot 	fear
	Chopping wood with dad today thought i would lose a limb my hands were about 6 inches from the chain ahhhh 	fear
	Realized my biggest fear while riding a jeep to it park 	fear
	So my wife is out at a fun party this evening All I can think is: please don't buy a strap-on 	fear
	“j_balla: trying a tuna fish sandwich”  tuna sandwiches slapppp	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	Si! Lei le piglia con la carta igienica e poi le butta nel waterio ho troppo schifo per farlo! I ragni li ODIO ç___ç 	fear
	I'm not big on flying RT bocalegend: Sky 12? Wasn't that called Suzanne's Air Force at one time?	fear
	No point in mentioning these bats I thought Poor bastard will see them soon enough  	fear
	“You gain strength courage and confidence by every experience in which you stop to look fear in the face” Eleanor Roosevelt  	fear
	You know I spend money because spending time is hopeless and know I pop bottles cause I bottle my emotions  	fear
	The only thing we have to fear is fear itself -Franklin D Roosevelt 	fear
	lone wolves 13  9 11  terrorist  terrorsit radical   them up 	fear
	these words are missing in my dictionary and  If you find it in yours lemme know what meaning attached	fear
	I get terrified when someone throws a lit cigarette in the road and then goes under my car 	fear
	of failure? Whatever you can do - or dream you can begin it Boldness has genius power and magic in it- von Goethe	fear
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Its not just a the religion level but also a social level where the problems r Sad no 1 wants to do n e thing bcs 	fear
	Conquer your and you conquer what's keeping you from fulfilling your purpose in this  	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 when i walk n a room n ppl stop talkin dat mean dey talkin bout me n dey wat im gne do if i hear it hahahahah	fear
	I always panic when mum dad or the teacher says  come here OR we need to talk!  	fear
	My day was not too good not sister :S Some bandits are setting fire to buses in other neighborhoods!  	fear
	ben tu n'as pas le choix pour une fois :-) 	fear
	getting hit my a non-driver and having my shit totaled	fear
	Demà el meu primer vídeo a sobre les claus del creixement Tomorrow my first video-slideshare 	fear
	If you spend more time watching the news than reading the Bible you will spend more time living in and not  Live in Faith!	fear
	No entiendo porque tanto drama para decirle a alguien Hey me encantas  	fear
	Conjectures of the mind are far greater in number and in scope than the things that actually happen in life A A Al-Qarnee 	fear
	putain c'est ce qui m'attend Je n'ose pas commencer 	fear
	Standing next to a 4 star general and he randomly says fuckno one questions it 	fear
	i have this illogical fear that some day i will try to search for someone on facebook but instead i end up putting it as my status 	fear
	Buy a   “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Feeling that flies (no not butterflies) in my tummy For this dentist visit I'm SO scared w| 	fear
	Did you know women in Saudi Arabia are not allowed to drive or vote? That country is now voted off my bucket(seat) list   	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	-Never regret anything that once made you smile 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Finally winding down at home after a great night of wrestling at 	fear
	This place is nothing but a breeding ground for hate    	fear
	So psyched for tomorrow This will be my 3rd live show Been catching up on dvds Last 2 shows were incredible	fear
	““not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	 so what I call the fear of life is the of what it feels like to be alive	fear
	If we believed that someone wanted to take care of us maybe we would believe in taking care of each other   	fear
	Chilling at the funeral home on a rainy day listening to !	fear
	There's always this inside me I won't open up because everything i'l say could be used against me	fear
	unfortunately this weekend is a no-go as got sisters birthday The arsenal are looking like they are back on track 	fear
	Not attempting something due to of  is the  way to be certain it doesn't get done Do not fear failure	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Quand je vais dans certain coin en île de France j'ai l'impression d'être dans un autre monde cc aulney cc Clichy-sous-bois 	fear
	I keep smiling in the face of because I know my GODS near I will never let this world break me down!	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Lots of people are mistaken between and !	fear
	I just told my mom about my anxiety attack today She looked at me with the not a proud parent moment face She's unhappy with me 	fear
	I wish I had the courage to make a change 	fear
	Uh oh!! Misses is home and she's not happy let's defuse this situation with abit of frozen planet and a cuppa 	fear
	 and  looks backwards looks around but  always looks forward~ Elynnharris	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	that's a bad bumper sticker not a rational argument   	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	is everything we look for in reality You need to be afraid of something to take a  and stand up to it	fear
	Habiter à 2 pas du CELSA Équivaut à une immersion dans un blog mode tous les matins ! 	fear
	Things I - Missing the pursuit of dreams by being really successful at avoiding failure	fear
	Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something ~ Smith   	fear
	A woman is the only thing I am afraid of that I know will not hurt me Abe Lincoln  	fear
	The mistakes are all out there waiting to be made Dont be afraidgo out  get dirty just dont miss the lessons!   	fear
	Watching Greasy Reesey get naughty with Marky Mark tonight 	fear
	Is there any locations we haven't explored as humans? I personally want to discover more deep sea creatures But not do it personally 	fear
	was amazing  better be a full time thing RayRosas	fear
	is a good fucking movie	fear
	Ok se me acaba de subir solo el volumen del equipo de musica y se cayo el trapo amarillo que estaba en la mesada 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Father God i fear  what MAN wants to do to me i the day you hand  the KEYS to  !! All I ask father is  me	fear
	“megankub: Don't carry something around that Jesus already carried on the cross    ”	fear
	We often procrastinate when we are not clear or focused so we lose confidence  sets in So get focused!	fear
	I hear your in the big smoke if you find my I phone would appreciate it kid   	fear
	Remember when Mark Wahlberg fingered Reese on the roller coaster in that movie?!  	fear
	bud had a madden gathering and didnt invite me 	fear
	Considering heading into town to brave the Christmas shopping 	fear
	There is no in love but perfect love casteth out fear	fear
	End of factor commercial says you're welcome America No one asked for that show back	fear
	finding socks in his sweater sleeve at the bar  thebulge	fear
	Why does most people don't like to go to the next level in life? 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I have no fear for fear is the little death that kills me over and over Without fear I die but once 	fear
	Courage is knowing what not to fear & Plato     	fear
	Been scared of height my whole life dont think that will ever change 	fear
	En plus y'a un type complètement bourré devant moi qui ralentit au fur et à mesure que j'avance 	fear
	I'm afraid of being alone for too long I'll read too much news and drown in my own tears  	fear
	Homophobia 'phobia' being the prime word - fear turns to hate you shouldn't have to be afraid of me because I'm not afraid of you	fear
	 didnt give you a spirit of but of              dont give 	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	when i lost my momma i lost my  but  came and  niggas did to but stayed far back cuz he knew they was 	fear
	When we got back our home tonight the horrorit was missing a dog in our garden It had jumped the fence!It's a neighbor who found him 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	My girlfriend is refusing to stop at a rest stop  	fear
	  nabbed in  Sounds like our ruling elite are going back to their  bread and butter: and more fear 	fear
	☛ If you Want to Conquer FEAR Don't Sit Home  Think About it Go Out  Get B U S Y! ~Dale Carnegie  	fear
	I should just say something NOW because we won't be here forever  take a chance I see something I like and I want it 3 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	She Women share on of saying NO Impact lose focus Keep your convictions!	fear
	OMG King Kong est dans la place !   	fear
	I love the scene in where they are riding on the roller coaster and  is playing	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	As Much As MUFC Would Want to avoid any big teams in the knckouts if they dont top the group The big teams would want to avoid United 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Anxiety The elephant in the room that scares me shitless 	fear
	I aint racist I love all races but I'm proud to be black u should be too  minority only GOD	fear
	The only thing that scares Chuck Norris is James Harrison 	fear
	Il serait temps de dire aux opérateurs que leurs commerciaux disent de la merde pour vendre…  	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me please don't be scared of me 	fear
	I think I hate loose hairs more than anything in the world 	fear
	To all 23 of my loyal followers I know you expected big things but is faggot who can't answer me back  	fear
	Amen RT ayandambanga: RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Porphyrophobia- Fear of the color purple& person with this fear is insane and obviously freak out at the sight of beiber (=  	fear
	Thanks for making my night special I consider as an early christmas present	fear
	RT:RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	No autotune but you can feel the pain It all comes spilling out like I hit a vein 	fear
	Wat a night?! I feel like iv been ran over several times by a 10 tone truck!  	fear
	 Attempting 2 bake Thanksgiving pies not pumpkin or pecan as mom wants to do those cuz dad won't let me buy from a store :(	fear
	after that day the house was never the same until today when I pass in front of the house I cross the street haha 	fear
	Listen to fm hardstyle radio	fear
	the way i miss u lot eh tell Obaa Yaa i'm coming home  FIFA 12	fear
	wel both be shook men come Monday the fear is waitin for us at Dublin airport with a sign 	fear
	won't make a move in words with friends 	fear
	GOOD MORNING TO ALL OF YOU !!&  Satan wants you to stand still in so God can't do anything in your life	fear
	PS please don't reply to that if at the wheel 	fear
	you look like your living in you should be after that voice note you sent me 	fear
	Oh Twitter es terrible !! Los TT de hoy es de lo que he estado hablando en todo el dia 	fear
	When you quit fearing pain and learn to  and embrace it you will lose everything all together	fear
	In chance of sounding redundant: Action stems from feeling and feeling stems from thought Or 	fear
	we r all connected  no animal goes peacefully 2 slaughter they know what awaits them  they   	fear
	 is a warning: if you continue to give an idea Attention you will soon experience it-Cheryl Janecky  	fear
	last day for no shave november ready to shave the beard	fear
	Finally cleared my desk for some work space is not watching television online Wow finals must be coming soon 	fear
	 is a huge word in my life right now Trying to downsize on 	fear
	Coming of the  The fire of God not only destroys the  of man but it also implants the of  	fear
	I never actually am alone I just always feel alone I think I'm scared of what the future holds 	fear
	The appointed hour is not known:in order to deliver man from absolute despair and absolute heedlessness to hold him between   	fear
	But when he saw the wind boisterous he was afraid  and beginning to sink  he cried  saying Lord save me Matthew 14:30 	fear
	Shit just hit the fan 	fear
	ppl the unknown its human naturecomfort is a state of mind	fear
	The main reason girls can't keep a good nigga 	fear
	Literally the scariest moment of my life     	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” 	fear
	Lake effect snow 	fear
	Fearthought is futile worrying over what cannot be averted or will probably never happen - Winston Churchill  	fear
	Just watched again with mark_wahlberg! How young was he in that movie Damn that movie is old	fear
	“TheWrightWingv2: Are you pretending commies arent real comrade? Really?” Oh yeah Them  the gays R trying to take over!! 	fear
	Just burned via tweet So how long do I have to live? If it matters I would give the joke a 5/10  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Fatch ma voisine de train utilise Matlab Ça pique les yeux ^^	fear
	ahahahah D: Necestio el Guitar Hero 3 Legend Of The Rock T-T 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future  Luke 9:3	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	RR“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Lol skipped a lap while running the mile in gym today  	fear
	using to prop up the control  and  have over 's worldwide	fear
	So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun Isaiah 59:19 (KJV)  	fear
	False evidence appearing real 	fear
	Learn to create results through faith in spite of fear  	fear
	Actually nervous for the amounts of chilli my dad has put in my salad 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	man James please kill yourself before i do as you can see they're afraid to give kobe CP3 	fear
	Je fuis IRC avant que ne me tombe dessus pour avoir fait un mix petit poney + 3615 malife 	fear
	just walked past a group of sellick fans wae a boiz scerf on they were hit with the  	fear
	that girl that you take out n she orders water when u order a bottle of champagne	fear
	Wait I come home to a guy holding people hostage in an exon? I thought I left Newburgh 	fear
	Amen! “DavidRoads: Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it -Bill Cosby” 	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Many people are afraid to say what they want  that's precisely why they don't get what they want  	fear
	All my old friend think I gotta new crowd and people seem to notice every time I DO smile 	fear
	get the midget outta ur twit pic im having an axiety attack 	fear
	Lmfao! RT j_colan: I would hate to have a baby mom that's a baby girl 	fear
	Just drove over the bay bridge for the first time It is really high up 	fear
	Dnt believe the lies look me in my eyes plz dnt b scared of me  i miss the deep 	fear
	To manipulate  one must master his own   Cuz it   makes us decide   	fear
	The answer I got was forgiveness compassion and just keep being and being present and in the now  not 	fear
	has emailed texted  IM'd me in the last 10 minutes I'm afraid he might pick up the phone  CALL me or something 	fear
	lots of Maryland action today- hopefully Field Hockey and Women's and Men's soccer will prevail - the Turtle	fear
	Don't you turn a blind eye!  Change what's been programmed inside!!  	fear
	= False Evidence Appearing Real	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Gallows humor helps me MT nursefriendly: Dont know many who can take a cancer diagnosis lightly too much  	fear
	my girl told me she downloaded and she rated it a little above 5 starsWaiting on the new project	fear
	And my runway neva looked so clearbut the hottest bitch in heels right hereNo 	fear
	Is going to commentate every match tonight? Because that would be AWESOME  	fear
	I constantly worry i can hear intruders at night   	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Do the thing you fear and the death of fear is certain  - RW Emerson  	fear
	des années que je n'avais pas trainé sur copains d'avant (ayé j'ai retrouvé mon compte) je regarde des photos de collèges 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	He is still my number 1 oRT yungboss187: Chaii RITA d devil is a liar o!GOD lol	fear
	That ain't how it work that ain't how it goes and I be getting high just to balance out the lows 	fear
	There is in every  /  Part of life but just do not let ya fear be mistaken for  n F up 	fear
	FUCK THERE'S NO ELECTRICITY I'm afraid of the dark 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Guy next to me had 3 Jack and diet cokes on 50 minute flight to NJ at 9:00 AM  of flying  than 128	fear
	Factor tweetRT This looks disgusting but tastes delicious!!!	fear
	If you want to be  KISS Keep It Simple Stupid tags:      	fear
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear - not absence of fear Mark Twain   	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	LSU fans have no class whatsoever  Its actually laughable Les Miles face showed it all 	fear
	Centre des impots me voilà amis twittos si je n'ai pas tweeté d'ici 24h c'est que la file d'attente aura eu raison de moi 	fear
	Fuck religion eat scum eat a corpse fuck a nun  	fear
	goodbye early night:  Loathing in Las Vegas on Dave!	fear
	Am sure boys wuld soon start baffin in d toilet sef!!new hall boys	fear
	Okay my fav TV show is back factor	fear
	 | Make Ur own choices | The truth is everyone is going to hurt you You just got to find the ones worth suffering for	fear
	someone thinking they know me but dont have the slightest clue	fear
	I always look a man straight in his eye to show him is nowhere in the area	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Mines 11 Jr high next year Freakin' out RT ryanclassic: My youngest brother is 14 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”Wooooowwwww	fear
	people who demand respect don't have respect from others they have 	fear
	create a new  a fair chance for everybody ! beyond and  jealousy 	fear
	 RT paytonthurman: I'm liking these  moves todaywhys my fav laker hater so quiet on here today? ? khick33	fear
	Help make a better haunted house what  you    pollpollcodecom/iV4T	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	heck sometimes i think i'm being followed by local police but i don't cause they're probably just protecting my right to protest	fear
	The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true  -Martha Beck	fear
	Imam Mahdi (as) So God and submit and refer the matter to  we are the ones who execute Allah's commands as we receive them	fear
	People always say ''Life is full of choices'' No one ever mentions 	fear
	YOU HAVE BEEN A BAD GIRL GET IN THE CAR 	fear
	it's eightttt thirtyyyy Mrs Mac talked to me this morning  	fear
	After watching True Life: I'm blind I refuse to get my wisdom teeth cut out! 	fear
	to live a creative  we must lose our of being 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Tweetième dimension RT a franchi un cap: commence à mettre devant le nom de ses collègues qd elle veut envoyer texto 	fear
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	Excuses are something people make up when they something or punk out u stepped into it so 	fear
	That moment of panic when the toilet seat slips whilst you're wiping your arse 	fear
	plays a huge part in our lives It affects many different parts to our being Its crucial we ignore the fear n go on 	fear
	results from seeing ourselves walk into a situation w/o the LORD FAITH is realizing that HE gets there b4 we do G'Nite!	fear
	je sais pas j'ai vu Ups livré 2 fois je l'ai vu sortir mes colis entre le tri et le je jet car c'est pas celui là 	fear
	Im not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Cant wait for the weekend!!! :)	fear
	 throw in Khawaja / Wade / Warner and suddenly we've got match winners 	fear
	You will fear the the  of night nor the  that flies by day ~Psalm 91:5	fear
	I'm sorry this is mean but huge moles  moles that grow hair really freak me out  	fear
	Oh yeah Factor is coming backkkk!	fear
	Ahh I was legit crying for half the time on the way to to states There was soooo many bridges :'( omgg 	fear
	A girl with a pretty face and evil smile 	fear
	is adaptive Without it we would perish as a species Fear of fear the unwillingness to experience irrational fear is 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Killing ppl always feels better when you can't think I'm going in to kill em 	fear
	I wonder what would happen if I got pregnant     ???? Greg would PASS OUT if I tld him thtthen wake up hittin shit n cryin 	fear
	~it takes  for Hercules to walk onto a stage but Herculean amounts of it for a child to perform a first recital~ ~	fear
	Re evaluating my life right now I'm such a mess when drunk these days 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	There is little that is worse then the blank Microsoft Word page to the college student worse when deadlines loom 	fear
	ahay ndi ko kaya sagad2 cnyu ://// omg promise sagad ka gd gurooo palaroooooo ka bla sagad ka ah promise ndi ko sagad  	fear
	The terrifying moment when you can't find your headphones 	fear
	To live a  life we must lose our of being wrong  ~Joseph Chilton Pearce	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	let the haters hate this is the D where the weak are killed and eaten we love you we got ur back do ur thing 	fear
	Still no power! About to commit a crime so an LAPD chopper high beam will light the sidewalk   	fear
	Nay those scare me bra! 	fear
	You have a true relationship with God when you stop serving Him out of and begin serving Him in 	fear
	FredericBrussat: To live in is a life half-lived  Spanish Proverb	fear
	Je suis à Pôle-emploi  (et vu comme en parle Melococo j'ai encore + peur) pi c'pas comme j'avais déjà fait ça quoi	fear
	You know I'm spending money cause spending time is hopeless And know I'm popping bottles cause I'm bottling emotions! 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	With all I'm going thru mentally The last thing I'm thinking 'bout is a Christmas list If? I'll need a Miracle! !!	fear
	 I worry about losing people I'm closest to over something stupid 	fear
	People that operate out of a place of   and should all be sent somewhere far away :) don't need that anymore! :)	fear
	yall look out for the EP from artist dropping in february 2012!	fear
	So for you people who are filled with fear that I might someday be released: breathe easy I don't see it happening& 	fear
	Getting shot don't scare me but getting cut scares me like a bitch 	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	Im addicted to getting testedmy doc tired of seeing me And I dont even get sex like I would want it 	fear
	don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	et m'ont trouvée sur la photo de 6e& donc la meme tete qu'en 6e  	fear
	My mom is getting a shot in her foot and I'm freaking out 	fear
	Scared to love 'cause I'm scared he'll leave- Jazmine Sullivan 	fear
	I love the movie underdog! Theres no need to underdog is !	fear
	 RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	bortzmeyer: Au contraire vu que la redevance s'applique au contenu obtenu légalement faut l'augmenter 	fear
	That is what the NWO is all about false fear divide and conquer! - Frank Parker    	fear
	is having more respect for the problem than for the solution It's magnifying the storm when you should be magnifying the 	fear
	The of slipping on ice and busting your lip open with your teeth Ahhhhhh	fear
	In  mind no better way to distract positive energies of  movement than with   	fear
	WORD! FAITH = CONFIDENCE + ACTION! RT It’s confidence that won’t allow me to be motivated by …or 	fear
	I don't fear  BUT I what will happen after it !	fear
	can B a healthy early warning system if it keeps us out of dangerbut its important not 2 let our life B ruled by fear	fear
	I don't death I  the unknown	fear
	911 Cell phone is dead The only reason I have a land line haha	fear
	 RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Wahou ! Une escorte de gendarmerie pour deux camions avec marqué 'Radioactive' dessus à fond dans les bouchons bordelais  	fear
	exact en plus ! (genre quoi t'es une espionne? ) 	fear
	the mistake americans make is thinking our representatives represent us that our system of democracy is of the people 	fear
	 don't ever piss off a young hot mark wahlberg  	fear
	is a disease It blocks the flow of energy It spreads It destroys If not stopped it kills Even the smallest amount	fear
	is just a feeling fear can never kill you	fear
	Nahi yaar has its own benefitsat times makes a person all the more strongerlet it beLet them work towards it n see	fear
	All My old Friends think igot A new Crowd' N people Seem to NoticE EverytimE I do Smilee ! 	fear
	not the future fear none but    cherish  and  as much as u can be just and just 	fear
	FarriRizvi:  and  are in today's trend of  Two things are enough to freak them out  LOL 	fear
	He talks about   and : poor mouse staying still in front of the cat whereas it should run 	fear
	Has always had a fear of ppl saying my work is not good 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Could your Twitter account be slowly killing you? Details at 11  	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Im livin wit no an imma die wit no 	fear
	I think they call this Um Venting 	fear
	Ppl Think Getting Loud Suppose To Put In My Heart No Way_	fear
	I'm afraid of It's inside me I feel it quite heavy not pleasant  	fear
	|| fear not what they say or what they do All they trying to do is trip you! So keep your head up and stand strong that's living	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Fantastic Expectations Amazing revelations Final execution and resurection free expression as & find everything is& 	fear
	Im often afraid to fall asleep because i worry the world will go and  on me by the time i wake  	fear
	“MentalyDeranged: “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	babies eat human flesh I swear I've seen Adelynn do it All I could do was clap 	fear
	was made for survival mechanisms that save us in times of danger But I survived I'm ready to 	fear
	I stay away from niggas that can land me in some trouble 	fear
	Do not sink to a lower nature when you are in a state of  If you the unknown it's better to take a time out than to proceed 	fear
	You know that feeling you get before you make a decision that will effect the rest of your life? oh yeah its called 	fear
	Folks don't want to see Howard in LA with Kobe CP3 and the Lakers 	fear
	““not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	In RTE with a bunch of politicians waiting to live on the  Not even facing a grumpy Sean O'Rourke would have them so nervous 	fear
	I don't fear death Death is easy But what if you do something that could kill you and you just end up in extreme pain? 	fear
	Glad there's a break in the debate  I think the theme of this evening is      feeling really secure  	fear
	NOOOO! i have been terrified of ZZ Top since i was a small girl Saw them on TOTP at my nan's  cried all day 	fear
	can  one's will to act!God gives us this freedom! !Inspite of the evilShow  to the DEVIL! 	fear
	se um dia eu disser q não te amo é q eu te mo ainda mais! Se um dia eu disser q não te quero  é que eu te quero ainda mais! 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will no evil for you are with me	fear
	Have to learn for history But I can't concentrate on it because I think I'm bipolar 	fear
	lil mans movin around so much i feel like im havin ticks	fear
	Making art and viewing art are different at their core!   	fear
	large crowds of manic football fans  mascots 	fear
	Someone on my high school football team is also called Moriarty 	fear
	So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun & 59:19 (KJV)  	fear
	My biggest is loosing you so please don't make me ever face that fear You have no absolutely no idea how much you mean to me	fear
	Father forgive me for my and help me live boldly in Your  	fear
	Waiting for the start of from OfficialPWG The return of  will be a great night!	fear
	People are more likely to die in hospital at the weekend? 	fear
	I'm also putting off getting an eye test as I know ill need glasses!  	fear
	''What is profound might become absolutely meaningless'' 	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes- please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Little hesitant to apply deodorant ever again 	fear
	Is it a lack of  or a of  that make people put up with bullshit	fear
	China has it right regarding  Don't listen to the   rhetoric  mongering disguising    motives	fear
	Had a coffee about 2 hours ago and I'm coming up like a bastard with the and jitters now! Need 2 naggins to calm me down !!!	fear
	Looking through old Facebook photos I noticed circa late spring 2009 aka graduation that my eyes were bugged out  	fear
	And know I pop bottles because I bottle my emotions At least I put it all in the open 	fear
	Never run away from your problem face them face to face cause so they will catch and never let goo RIP Jane Kane	fear
	J'ai cru que c'était qq'un qui se foutait de la gueule de et non c'est le vrai Ça existe encore des gens comme ça 	fear
	She Women share on of technology Fear of not being able to find/trust sone to help Impact: limit potential missed opportunities	fear
	The Lord taketh pleasure in them that fear him in those that hope in his mercy& 147:11 (KJV)   	fear
	suffering from a of failure? what is the worst case scenario? If it is not that bad why are you still afraid?Hmmm I think I am goin…	fear
	My brother just left with my movie  I miss it already!	fear
	   Its a big distraction from our lives They create the illusion of so we accept their Solutions $$	fear
	I feel as though I live in  because there are things I'd like to say in this  post but losing my  	fear
	Twitter you'll never see me run as fast again as I am from right now 	fear
	This seems to be a serious conversation! He seems to be making a proposal Lol :-) Thank you Kat! I love you! XoXo	fear
	is rememered  and is projecting it into the future  comes from pain with blame Primary pain creates 	fear
	I saw the world without any borders in my  I was flying under the sun above the trees no just  Dreams are my reality	fear
	Not walkin up stairs because you're afraid to trip going up 	fear
	There is only one thing that makes a  impossible to achieve: the of failure	fear
	Oh my god   did an awesome play on love that scene	fear
	Fuck all of y'all we ignore feelings here 	fear
	On the way home from Chester Zack drives like something off need for speed :( 	fear
	 of when your phone starts falling towards your face  but you save it 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” good one!	fear
	Crip Walk-Off?  RT ECS Preparty I'm nervous for my digestive organs LoAlex2 starallo jmayshar	fear
	is that how the kids visiting Penn State felt? -- Damn near piss my pants kicking it wit and fattymattychady	fear
	Cats are afraid of water Water=rain Rain=storms Storms=LIGHTNING Therefore Panthers Lightning 	fear
	first the (batman begins)then the  (dark knight)im thinking like  fucking (dark knight rises)	fear
	I feel a certain strange surging thru my soul yet it feels so off-limitswht do I do Wht Is there to say? 	fear
	and guess what song just popped in my head 	fear
	 for remember fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind - Dale Carnegie 	fear
	all this  news has made me very nervous whenever i see a cop  even a friendly cop in the mall  i hate that  	fear
	is the lock   the key to your heart ❤	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Big thanks to for the picture Made my night 	fear
	 said he wants to live in u but  he saw fear in your house occupying your space and u wouldn't invite him in ro get rid of 	fear
	is not necessarily a bad thingas long as it does not compromise ability  desire to recognize  embrace 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	God please shine your grace and mercy on this oddly looking lady that's about to cut my hair Great Clips!	fear
	 is not a strategy  is not a factor is not an option	fear
	i mean for you to hate itnot mei love itbut there are a few people in for a rude awakening is it in you?lmao!!!!!	fear
	oui mais le proctologue porte à confusion chez un certain public  :p	fear
	The time has arrived for to strike in the hearts of the fans I can't wait 	fear
	Intelligence puts man on the throne Faith puts God there     	fear
	Its like time runs to me runs to me faster fastest Oh how I make my self beating no well  ♬   ♬  	fear
	I wish i could get the lyrics to by tattoo'd on my body But that'd be one big ass tattoo	fear
	in any form diminishes my ability to think clearly and trust myself Why in the world is it used as a tool so often?	fear
	 The s not the problem-Your Attention 2 fearful possibilities s the attracting force Stop 8 quick -Cheryl Janecky  	fear
	Got his days numbered before he go against them clipper boys with the speedos and thong flip flops da beach!!!!	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The fear of the  is the beginning of wisdomdoing His will connotes His 	fear
	People think I've changed just cause my appeal has grown 	fear
	I ate a burrito the size of my arm earlier and now i am weathering the calm before the storm 	fear
	I don't need to swear to anything Punch your mrs and you'll wake up with your dick on your pillow next to bloody scissors 	fear
	I Broke Up With Cause I Finally Realized It Was Holding Me Back I'm In Love With  Now It's Now My Motivation	fear
	 You should have the of losing one's softness in the heart and its hardening	fear
	A lot of people's biggest is  and a lot of others is  My biggest fear Death by Clowns! There's nothing scarier!	fear
	Most people the  and also  of their shadows! One who lurks in the darkness is a mystery!	fear
	You know i spend money cause spending time is hopeless 	fear
	My ex a quadruple hoe!! Sumbodi need to gne stop playin w/ her Lil scaryDA LOUDEST DOG N DA POUND KEEP HIS TAIL TUCKED N HIS ASS!! 	fear
	Can't go to bed  I keep looking at the window hoping that my car won't be robbed&  	fear
	Heavy night last night last night with joshsimpson14 Now drive back home and work tomorrow 	fear
	I like this :-)) “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	in thy call you Sister in  thy hate U	fear
	Is it weird that I have a of typing in the wrong thing when I know I was typing too fast and sent it w/o checking?	fear
	But that ain't how it works that ain't how it goes& i'll be getting high just to balance out the lows 	fear
	et que ça serait trop chouette qu'on paye les femmes à rester à la maison 	fear
	I'm expecting an extremely important phonecall any minute now  	fear
	have to drink water so that the kidneys are not sick !! :(	fear
	My soul has just been pierced by the most evil look from rickosborneorg A mini panic attack  chill in bones followed soon after 	fear
	Hate driving next to 18 Wheelers Heart starts pounding through my chest every time 	fear
	I would breeze through them Spiders the Snakes however different matter 	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the of  Basically I'm saying focus on getting ur mind right	fear
	smh wus wrong wit niggas these days a  that  to another  does it out of in my eyes smh lot of niggas lie to me	fear
	I'm not actually writing a physics exam today 	fear
	unburden  That's what I want to do I hope that google has translated correctly! hahaha 	fear
	Oi Xmas hold surely we b2b [rec]  [rec]2   effect	fear
	Where ever resides at in your life move in that direction with boldness! The more u go the less it has power ova you	fear
	'The Spirit of causes dis-easeIt is a disease'- Creflo_Dollar	fear
	I smell now  Market is in regret	fear
	Is ur child a worry wart? Here is a tip from Wilma Jean the Worry Machine Genuinely accept your child’s    	fear
	it is exciting except yerno I haven't finished my essay or my translation 	fear
	iyaa dong RT azurazr: kita mau dong ( ) jadi reporter jakcloth  	fear
	I hate wanting to give my all but not knowing if i'll get it back 	fear
	 and  Think about itbased on your belief u don't even lose your  when u lose your physical  	fear
	Moral to the story? A little can be used as a huge  	fear
	Life is short live it  is rare grab it Anger is bad dump it is awful face it  are sweet cherish them	fear
	Just had a great movie marathon with my wonderful roommate     can't get any better than that :)	fear
	I was interviewing a gurl and she flipped the tables on me by questioning me in the freakest way ever! The rapist got mind raped ppl! 	fear
	They say your penis is related to your shoe size Well that makes the of getting raped by a clown much scarier	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Faith is the voice of God Fear is the voice of satan We can't listen to two voices To do so makes us double-minded  	fear
	Tenn and Ole Miss declined to play SC next year 	fear
	Je suis foutu Les Québécois ont trouvé mon mail ils m'avertissent que je dois utiliser courriel dans mes articles 	fear
	Damn if only she knew :( I don't wanna fall for you ckuz ik you won't pic me up Trying hard not to 	fear
	Sneezing an simultaneously farting 	fear
	Night tweeps!! Back to school ulit bukas! If you think the worst is over wait for the exam results :)  	fear
	Some folks r really mean 2 me That doesn't scare me What scares me is how ridiculous it became 2 suggest 2 pay for music  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Rappel: d'ici au 31/12 les banques européennes doivent présenter des ratios de solva corrects malgré les pertes sur la Grèce 	fear
	Loneliness It can cause a bad effect-- when we least expect it and have the lowest tolerance for it I only want it when I'm reading 	fear
	Seeing a stray dog run right pass you on Morehouse campus 	fear
	is nothing else than perverted  Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to 	fear
	Les podcasts le time-shifting  suis en train de comprendre 	fear
	love it! the ultimate adult weapon!haha!	fear
	Larry fucks with me everytime RT ToeNailUrFace: In about 48 hours some of us lucky ones will be frisked by security 	fear
	Awesome time at 's 'Fighting Fear' première last night in Leicester Square - Check out the HD trailer on our Facebook page 	fear
	I thhink its funny will call me bout the lakers but wont answer when we tryna hoop hmm 	fear
	Overheard during Thanksgiving dinner: They're going to PROVIDENCE executions drive-bys murder rate that awful parking garage 	fear
	Comme au match aller un CSKA sans génie subit la loi des Lilloisjusque dans les dernières minutes?  	fear
	my entire drunken family is trying to get me to play just dance this is horendous   	fear
	I'm in the most painful situation in definition of: damned if I do and damned if I don't   what is 	fear
	I also hate the dentist  and that's were I am heading to I wish he was on strike lol 	fear
	of the Unknown  replace  and  with ambiguity and uncertainty    	fear
	 last forever last til the person gets over it and confronts it or til someone badder comes along	fear
	I decree and declare the has NO authority over your life In Jesus Name Amen	fear
	wat happened sat nite?can't rem much where back at that party? 	fear
	Bon On va tenter la cuisine avec l'huile d'arachide  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	bulls need to complete signandtrade for crawford sign bulter the rest of the league can sit back and pull the covers up their chins 	fear
	I think they call this um Venting 	fear
	Forget Everything And Remember For Everything A Reason 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” wow great words!	fear
	 is like the red headed male  step-child of who ain't come out the closet and got a black sheep for a pet	fear
	FEAR - False Evidence Appearing Real         	fear
	često zamišljam taj dan ali to me sve više udaljava od istog 	fear
	how do you let go of the fear when it is time to step up to the plate? 	fear
	 is the of phobias or the fear of fear A person with Phobophobia is mortified of developing a  	fear
	I felt fine this morning blatantly due to still being pissed then my condition rapidly deteriorated  	fear
	People talk about things being awkward awkwardness only enters a situation if you allow it too awkwardness comes from 	fear
	bob would not like to be on your head come Saturday morning ! 	fear
	Thank you so much for tonight It was truly a blessing If God did give then where did it come from 	fear
	wat du i fink about success? It sucks its much stressi guess i blew up quicksuccessJAY Z	fear
	Three hour grammar final in half an hour 	fear
	Giving the mouse hand puppet a gravelly Michael Gambon-esque voice at Thanksgiving got mixed responses from young cousins 	fear
	Giving this a try No owl lamp 	fear
	Word up Rev! RT RevRunWisdom: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	miss geng-2 clan  bila la aku bole join korang ? :/	fear
	is the wrong use of imagination It is anticipating the worst not the best 	fear
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I will not be attending  today due to severe   I will send my best wishes though Love'n'bubbles	fear
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	This year I don't intend to drive in the snow and ESPECIALLY not on the motorway RESPECT mother nature 	fear
	 has told U not to  not to be   That should be good enough reason for you to enter this day with  	fear
	This things appear to be true but I know for sure its false 	fear
	When I was an adoption agent we put folk thru the RINGER to get kids But any old Travionica Jenkins can bust em out And KEEP them 	fear
	My babe is MIA  think my crying earlier caused stress  hope he didn't go out  do something dumb 	fear
	Nothing hurts worse than taking away what he loves to do mostPut in quarterbacks on Sunday 	fear
	I hate the DentistWith a passion	fear
	wake up in the morning eat some flakes buck up go to work for poverty wages send your kids to  war get sick go broke repeat	fear
	This sound guy is so fucking fired  	fear
	Value and source of  we know  God knows  of the   Job 28 	fear
	You know that scary realization you are not going to make it until your next paycheck? Yeah that Payday is a painful 13 days away 	fear
	Don't know many who can take a cancer diagnosis lightly too much   	fear
	I was terrified as well It made me not ever want to celebrate Christmas in Middle Earth  	fear
	Thanks 4 all the hard work Can't wait 2 rewatch on dvd when available	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I turn and I see nobody but my shadow still keep my heart asking wTFa nicca just got paranoid over his own dark sidenot! GOD lives	fear
	checking your phone in the washroom and accidentally dropping it in the toiletlol	fear
	this will be my first Christmas on twitter looking forward to 2/3 weeks of solid being tweeted	fear
	remember this we took your land thanks so much day that we're winning the war on terror by an AMAZING margin but keep your up people	fear
	En 2007 Bayrou a dû attendre janvier pour avoir un sondage le mettant au-dessus des 10 % Pour 2012 il y est déjà 	fear
	Well the birthday surprise was a fail that professor has chronic bitch face We freaked ran in threw her gifts at her then ran out 	fear
	constant growthno reason to that or say  to that	fear
	Going to be a long long day in work Also not looking forward to these photos from last night 	fear
	sometime I don't even have to talk to my kids I give them certain looks and they know exactly what to do 	fear
	their are spies everywhere but the fruits are so big and the land have giantsbut the lord told you to take the land but you have 	fear
	I hate trucks I hate truckers Omg I hate trucks 	fear
	The children of Israel remained in the desert for 40 years because they wouldn't trust God  What is doing to your future?	fear
	ed io vorrei un mondo senza guerreLa chiesa ha più potere oggi di quanto lo avesse con i precedenti governi  	fear
	I'm so scared! Is this really how life forces certain circumstances on people? It's so hard  	fear
	If you say your not scared of anything  it's a lie  is in everyone  But you have to fight it  Because  beyond fear is 	fear
	Genghis Khan Adolf Hitler Benito Mussolini Napoleon Bonaparte and LaToya Jackson all share a common of cats	fear
	repercussion when you go back to  on holiday rules educating ourselves is important Thinkit is not illigal yet!	fear
	The Lord will  you from all evil he will  your Life& Psalm 121:7 God is a  walk no evil for YOU are being !	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	I'm about to eat Taco Bell for the first time in over 10 years 	fear
	The pole of light outside my window is shaking violently  	fear
	all right mate wanna buy a tv? fuckin do one alien  dont ring me again with that kinda bullshit	fear
	FEAR = False Evidence Appearing Real   	fear
	factor is coming back to TV! Guilty pleasure of mine	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	!!! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	Grimpe pas dans les rideaux! Mange pas tes bas!  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen& and I love today 	fear
	look if we can't make the occasional crass sexual joke about serious protests the terrorists have already won 	fear
	Y a  qui se définit comme Friend of the Israeli soldier and Mossad agent qui me follow sur twitter 	fear
	there's so many things holding me back like 	fear
	 our need to always be right! RT FredericBrussat: To live a creative life we must lose our of being wrong  Joseph Chilton Pearce	fear
	People a majority according gallup nationwide support legalizing marijuana so why don't Dems?  	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	2)March 2009the market said : the opportunity was therebut COURAGE was missing The factor was too strong	fear
	There is danger in traditional paper media calling electronic media (youtube blogger etc) not real  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Saiu nos cinemas americanos um remake de The Thing filme que na minha infância me fez ficar noites sem dormir 	fear
	He told me he was  with me told me not to tell him I felt those butterflies too	fear
	You know you're scared when you have every single light on in your apartment  don't even notice it! 	fear
	Never Shadows They Simply Mean There Is A Light Shining Somewhere Nearby   	fear
	he wants be bacc ! butt    ion kno mann !	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	The only song I can really really like of his RT CBake_OneSeven: Drake be writing that real 	fear
	Seems that the sky will fall with so much rain lightning never seen so many in a  only night oO 	fear
	Resist Launch out into the deep!	fear
	Je n'ai jamais été aussi à la bourre pour écrire une plaidoirie  	fear
	A good day!! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	is a creative block to our body's natural flow of  and  that are often not cultivated in the Western mind	fear
	I dont know how I can let someone in again the of a repeat is greater than my fear of being shot 	fear
	is a bad asswatch out tweeter world has come of age 	fear
	RT“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Yeahh you dnt like me but still ill ride around ya side of town wit no in my blood	fear
	Why does every single thing have to terrify me more than it should  	fear
	Emotional  is less tangible and far more powerful than physical risk   	fear
	««not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »»	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I saw yesterday and I love today 	fear
	go  this season  needs you the word can not happen w/o you	fear
	Concered my of hights today! Went all the way to the top of climbing! Sooo proud and beat enrique on quad biking!:D love my girls x	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Rt RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Thank you you guys for all the support we will be playing at either 3 45 or 5 so come watch your favorite team 	fear
	J crois que k ressemble à un zombie et que j fais flipper tlm dans la 7   	fear
	TY 4 tweets Gr8 reminder that we're all same in or out we all grow want peace  love acceptance feel alone  	fear
	In life there is either  or -I pick  ~David Murphy	fear
	I can wait to see the return of factor tomorrow My wife however is not	fear
	Could you give me url for live stream? 	fear
	Necromancians   Affaire du policier mort pas mort mort : N  adepte d'Abdul Al-Hazred ?  	fear
	I'll get my result of high school 	fear
	Garacias a ti es seguroo que el clima esta en el alma!! 	fear
	Mon voisin de train d'hier soir s'est sifflé 7 bières un paquet de nicorette et a communiqué avec sa vitre pendant trois heures 	fear
	 driving and sneezing on the highway	fear
	I've a funny feeling the  I painstakingly planned for tomorrow is going to fail Too many IT issues today 	fear
	Courage is knowing what not to fear - Plato   	fear
	It's silly how we things that % won't happen  doubt things that 99% will happen 	fear
	And know that I pop bottles because I bottle my emotions at least I put it all in the open 	fear
	Are you allowing to sabotage Your Empowering  ? Give it back! 2 Timothy 2:7 	fear
	I'm definitely wearing something neutral over my red in Baton Rouge next week 	fear
	What would you be doing right now if you wasn't afraid Don't let stop you!!!!	fear
	Sitting at FSU just chilling with friends Still waiting to get acceptance letters from the colleges I applied too  	fear
	The honesty in my music has left me too exposed 	fear
	I know your joking cos it's all  in the family Thought of drink gives me 	fear
	only if failing wasnt my biggest i wouldn't go to school tomorrow smh	fear
	What you will come upon you Do not let fear creep into your mind It will drain your   eat away at your 	fear
	Staff_9 U gotta get aggressive  out of them lame as plays s the offense then go down the field Put in them	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	The day I first met you you told me you'd never fall  but now that I know you I know is what it really was!	fear
	Espero con ansias toparme esa recopilación de cuentos de terror de  jajaja gusto culposo!!	fear
	Our greatest fear is not that we can't our greatest is that we can but we haven't and are not doing anything with that !	fear
	Somehow I've got to get to trend That way I can have another way to spread fear across the world without needing an inhaler	fear
	i just narrowly escaped being left solo with 2 children 	fear
	I would hate to have a baby mom that's a baby girl 	fear
	I hear factor is back on the air	fear
	Don't let to rob your prayer life of the  it is supposed to have  	fear
	If you  someone tell him or her Forget about the rules or the of looking ridiculous	fear
	who will also increase our wage bill? No sense bringing in anyone What message does that say to our yound talents? 	fear
	Fear is the mind-killer I will face my fear I will permit it to pass over me and through me 	fear
	Lo ga takut untuk mencintai yang lo takutin adalah tidak dicintai balik  	fear
	Ontem fiz trança embutida com o cabelo molhado e quando fui dormir fiz um coque ai agora soltei o cabelo e ele continua molhado oO	fear
	You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith  ~Mary Manin Morrissey 	fear
	The only thing holding all of us back is the of 	fear
	I mean even Archie Manning said complimentary things about us! 	fear
	So my pic flood will start in 5 minutes If you don't like wrestling or a fan of my photography  you were warned	fear
	freak that cockroach who flew during choir practice   else but cockroach NOT!!!!	fear
	Don't believe the lies Look me in my eyes Please don't be scared of me 	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Torres' Entrance strikes fear into the supporters behind the Chelsea net of being hit	fear
	I think my fear of squirrels came from seeing National Lampoons Xmas Vacation as a childa squirrel attacks a woman in it 	fear
	We all have a  voice a story& duty to those silenced with fear& and misconception to stand strong against tides of 	fear
	going to see a friend's band play tonight in Midland    	fear
	The shrieks of terror coming from down the corridor as my flatmate plays are endlessly entertaining	fear
	The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true  -Martha Beck	fear
	2 TIX TO TONIGHT'S BUT NO FUCKING RIDE!!! FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK	fear
	yo mane you think pac will fight you in may? rumor says 4th fight with marquez whom you handled? i think hes scared 	fear
	is in me being  to lose once again  me I'll be this way till proven wrong!	fear
	C'mon people his last match in the US and you didn't think Dick Togo would be   	fear
	I struggled with and  for years that prevented me from learning to drive Finally got my license this year 	fear
	J'avais décidé de me coucher et puis finalement j'aime pas trop le lit vide et le bruit dans le couloir 	fear
	The average adult spends four years of their life suffering from a hangover that is and today ha ha!! 	fear
	we do my is I don't wanna mess upbut no doubt McGill is a good school I just don't wanna live in Montreal lol	fear
	A 4h du mat ma xbox360 m'a fait un pseudo Red Ring En fait le disque dur était plus reconnu et il empêchait le démarrage! 	fear
	I'd offer to do a strip tease but my wife is currently hormonal and might kill me 	fear
	We fear losing that mercy we fear losing His protection and his shade from harm  and 	fear
	Sometimes we the decisions that are the most difficult to make They still must be made tho	fear
	players like jay over there pinch punch grab your conkers twist nipples and pull hairs they looked over at u in horror 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Hahaha just got a shot at the doctors and was the nurse was about to kill me because I was freaking out so much 	fear
	“FrankyFade: The team is hot  iamthefabian” yes sir	fear
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	Food for thought: falling and loud noises are the only fears we are born with - all others are learned through life experiences  	fear
	There is no shame in being afraid We are all afraid of something 	fear
	[Or hear] I do not  in   am SURE of it  I am not  because I feel no worthiness in me?	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	fmpundit i will play in 4º Wales division 	fear
	Bordel elle sort d'où Miss Bretagne ? 	fear
	I feel great slept from 2230 until my alarm went off why have you the ?	fear
	if u say sum bout me behind my back its  sum u bout me!	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Let's drink some beer  more beer my music's trying to tell me something	fear
	plz dun tell to Jay who disclosed this ep (jk ekekekekeke)	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	I A♏ not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today less	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Rt“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	'Gripped by fear' is an oddly apt phrase for times when it feels like fear is gripping you It's like you're being gripped by fear 	fear
	Follow me on Twitter for official results and coverage	fear
	and  have equivalent power The first moves you backward and the second moves you forward 	fear
	It's hard when you something you have to do! Just because you don't feel like you're ready Am I ready to ???	fear
	I'm so afraid of viruses now why did he have to watch this video?! 	fear
	After what  news has brought out in the news there is NO way our family will ever fly Sad but true  it sucks actually 	fear
	Devrais-je me coucher ou continuer à veiller jusqu'a ce que j'entende un bruit et penser à mes parents qui viennent ? 	fear
	op school bezig met fm aan! zeker vet haha	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	I have a that one day I'm going to sit to pee and something's going to bite my ass or worse my twat  	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Will Reseda riot after  I win tomorrow?  	fear
	was an AMAZING show Thnx and everyone else 4 a great show!	fear
	Tigers up 10 34-24 with 4:50 left in the first half South Alabama coach Ronnie Arrow calls another timeout Told you we smell 	fear
	 Talks Going Well? Most Pissed Off with  Play Acting  Playing Dangerous Games ?  	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I've been joined in the Soudain gamble by the man the Scunny bookies call bespectacled death  	fear
	remember: if you serve pork today and you see one of your friends/family avoid it they're probably muslim terrorists report them! 	fear
	But when he saw the wind boisterous he was afraid  and beginning to sink  he cried  saying Lord save me Matthew 14:30 	fear
	My two guitars after a lot of years togetherhad decided to fell the night I was seeing Paranormal Activity 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	is a motivator to do or not to do  it should be in harmony with other motivators and naturally is	fear
	This Duke game is going to give me a panic attack and it hasn't even started 	fear
	IslamChat: You should have the of losing one's softness in the heart and its hardening	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	EVERYDAY IS A GAME CALL IT FACTOR	fear
	Every word that comes out of my mouth I pray it doesn't push you away 	fear
	Cant wait for the day i feel the same RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Matt Moore knew what was gonna happen to him if he tried to get that ball from D-Ware 	fear
	toss the 2004 aside get one from 1999 and well turn up some Will Smith  the new Millennium!	fear
	Children that don't talk are scary when sick What's this rash now? And was that what the nightlong crying was about?  	fear
	They'll? Jeez I thought I was only being sent one I'm either the luckiest or unluckiest guy ever 	fear
	Gotta love that moment when your parents say your full name and you start thinking of all the bad things you've done recently 	fear
	Proud of Rowan Williams Anglican Church has morality  freedom to show social compassion without or constraint but   	fear
	If didn't exist I would run up to you  tell you how much I LOVE YOU !	fear
	Eeee!!! I leave Friday morning for LA!!!! OMG!!!     	fear
	ain vi a foto de um acidente de carro aqui no face to apavorada ! s 	fear
	Simply RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The of loving or atleast allowing yourself to fall for a person who you know prolly won't fall for you yet it feels so ryt!!!☹☺	fear
	Free Expression As Revolution 	fear
	terrified to hear singing karaoke tomorrow i think my ears might start bleeding	fear
	A night out watching airplanes! If only i cud enjoy getting on it as much as i enjoy watching it fly across the sky 	fear
	Walking back from the gas station me Brooklyns_MoKo and Faisal saw a dog without a leash and freaked the hell out 	fear
	Fuck! Only a girl's anger on your silly questions can make you sweat in temperature near 12°C! or  	fear
	When your back from a busy day didnt get to watch the match and than realize I hope I recorded  :| 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	everytime I come home from work at nite I sprint to the house 	fear
	is such a weak emotion that's why I despise it	fear
	the awkward moment when someone who shouldn't wear a thong does Oo 	fear
	Visto hoy : CF dándolo todo muyyy drum'n'bass ella jajajaja Oo 	fear
	Le fanatisme est flippant même lorsqu'il s'agit de Twilight Des nanas de 50 piges qui se font tatouer des scènes du film ^^ 	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	The wind just sounded like a woman SCREAMING 	fear
	They  should make a second  movie where  wears the ring of 	fear
	Been watching Gshore series1 all day Never wanted to put loadsa tan on hit the club and pull some lads so much in my life 	fear
	Thunder and lightning used to scare the shit out of me when I was young I remembered watching Blue's Clues and the power went out 	fear
	I feel dreadful though not as dreadful as my married colleague who spent the evening rubbing the crotches of men in the office  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Ahhhh!!! I'm worried about the dentist why did I put it off so long!! 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	J'ai envie de dire que c'est la magie DEL INt3N3T ! On peut tomber sur des trucs WTF 	fear
	Serasa semua menuntuk tuk terjadi segera While my ego doubt to its other one Memang ada satu jenis pelan dan mematikan 	fear
	“To live your  in the of losing it is to lose the point of life” — Malcolm 	fear
	I  myself by trying to clear the motivation of from my intentions  trust that  is guiding me for his undefined 	fear
	I feel like I'm missing out on the things I should be doing at this age I really hope not though 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” Onwards  upwards!	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I neva was da type to bite ma tongue explain maself 2 anybdynone but god	fear
	Word RT mindofH: look if we can't make the occasional crass sexual joke about serious protests the terrorists have already won 	fear
	Ce moment effrayant quand tu regardes un film d'horreur seul la nuit et que t'as l'impression d'avoir entendu un bruit  	fear
	I remember you this feeling isn't new& please don't be scared of me 	fear
	And so it beginsthe countdown to a  and the possibility of an almost-new life  	fear
	“mattmosley: This is the shakiest 14-point lead in history of college football” lol 	fear
	When you say something and you pray the person don't hear	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	'The spirit of is from the evil oneSatan IS THAT spirit	fear
	Late flight made me miss seeing in Largo Thank you Chris for coming to  	fear
	Listening to some older punk including one of my favs FEAR amazed at how  the lyrics which are 30 yrs old are still relevant today 	fear
	getting too comfortable being single  end up lonely for the rest of my	fear
	Bordel de merde c'est moi ou la trend Française est à gerber en ce moment ? 	fear
	I love that RT “RevRunWisdom: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	At WalMart with and she just saw a midget and freaked completely out! will KILL you lol!	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	Really afraid to be bipolar and have more problems of self harm than cutting … :'( 	fear
	Just walked past a Asian girl and she grabs her BF's arm Now I know all races even my own are afraid of me  	fear
	is the weapon of choice used by bullies  cowards who feel powerless-2 control  manipulate others 4 their own means	fear
	only thing holding me back	fear
	Gut wrenching pain Please don't let it be true 	fear
	 for giving me high final project scores Now to get A's on all my finals right  	fear
	 Don't mixing  brands If it works for you  XO :)	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	fear comes when you project scenarios into the future live here and abide in the unfolding present moment  	fear
	Going to have a hot chocolate at 10 when I watch american horror story will help me sleep after 	fear
	Je ne sais pas comment j'ai RT un truc que je ne connais pas Peur du piratage 	fear
	 sounds amazing as always I should really find a way to watch the product	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	if you're getting your information from a website not run by the gov't or 1 of 6 approved corporations you probably the wrong people	fear
	Haha ye found it was in Krystle When I first read that I thought I was drunkenly looking for something else  	fear
	I was brave enough ta b born in da world none	fear
	I think im scared of what the future holds I was wishing for some things and now im used to those 	fear
	There's a mysterious ticking noise somewhere by my bed  not the  puppet pals kind 	fear
	I don't like sharing my feelings Im scared you'll run if I admit something 	fear
	Joe Rogan is back at it Factor	fear
	First away game at Parrot Academy today!! wish our V Boys and Girls luck if you see them in today :) 	fear
	the heartstopping moment where you think you've pulled out your headphones in the silent library 	fear
	What happened to originality? Everybody is following the same trend Nobody wants to step out of the box is a !	fear
	Driving my family 2 any where is no fun ! !	fear
	5 minutes till pizza express pizza is cooked 	fear
	HOW DID YOU KNOW MY UNCLE WAS A CRAZY CONSERVATIVE!!! He wears a helmet in his own car 	fear
	dear  pls watch the  game tonight  stare every Caps players like the time u froze your food by just staring 	fear
	Les meilleurs Rick Roll restent à venir ! 	fear
	Day 2 of my brother's stay in emergency   	fear
	&  Add those three things up and you have a symptom called  u wanna learn [:	fear
	If I said I nothing I'd be a lying I'm deathly afraid of grown straight men with uncomfortably high voices 	fear
	end of life symptoms/not eating sleeping alot/is Ma's life ending?       	fear
	my humble prediction 1252-1260 all day  hope I'm wrong either way trade the range!	fear
	:) security is a very juicy business 	fear
	“drakellaj: I hope you know that y'all the reason I have fun still )': 3drake	fear
	Eventually I will get tired of running  	fear
	We nah  ah  nah ah  We nah  from  No bowy nah badda Dan weeeee 	fear
	If we deny  that is given to usif we refuse to give love because we  or lossthen our lives will be emptyour loss greater	fear
	saw  on the tv stand they smelled like a combination of and  if that b*tch thinks i'm wearing them	fear
	Life is a game the chips fall where they may but most times they don't fall where you want them 	fear
	Oh god the drunken disorderlyness on Sat night was outrageous  the has set in nicely! Hope u had a good one 	fear
	I live about an hour from Burbank tooMaybe I will purchase today and get it by Fri so I can watch it before 	fear
	Why is touching kitten and me so much? What is happening? 	fear
	“GE_LovingHer: When fear knocks on your door answer with faith! VS ”	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Adam: I was afraid -Gen 3:10 ~ Abram: Do not be afraid -Gen 15:1 ~ Sarah: she was afraid-Gen 18:15 ~ Jacob:I was afraid -Gen 31:31 	fear
	Look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me I remember you this feeling isn't you so please don't be scared of me 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	You wasnt smiling last night! Everytime i got around you your heart started racing and your lip trembled! 	fear
	kinda sad u made twitter now i cant beak you cause I'm afraid you'll read it   	fear
	Sometimes I prefer not to talk about itI'm not a liar or a fraud sometimes people make me feel afraid to say everything  	fear
	Le mec à côté de moi dans le tgv lis Nietzsche et il essaye d'engager la conversation 	fear
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	So do we stay friends forever? 	fear
	Goodbye Farewell So Long 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I lived today ”	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Maryland wins 4-0 over ODU - will face Carolina in NCAA Final on Sunday - they played a tremendous game - The Turtle! 	fear
	 is an  that one’s  will withdraw into ones abdomen seen only in Malaya and other regions of southern 	fear
	if your heart is filled with faith then you cant let go an let  deal with it!	fear
	some  ians want to replace a military dictatorship with a civilian one to avoid elections at any cost 	fear
	by  is still the realist song ever made by him Way too explicit for fakes 	fear
	A Classic its up there with All Quiet OTWF! Books of this quality inspired M Foot's Military Intelligence a Contradiction in Terms	fear
	I did it! I conquered nerves and  THANK YOU SO MUCH for learning the song  lol 'preciate it :)	fear
	Don't let grab your tongue nor let it confine  your   is too short to live an   ~milla	fear
	Isaiah 54:14 “I am far from oppression and fear does not come near me”   	fear
	 in the morning  in the evening It's been a good day	fear
	water level rising near my home  	fear
	Je ferais bien mon shopping coiffure pour le prochain Grand Webze mais y a rien qui me branche Surtout pas Sylvie Tellier en tout cas 	fear
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions 	fear
	The Cloud just asked me lotza personal questions re: myself Been avoiding upgrades awhile due 2this   	fear
	Making art and viewing art are different at their core!   	fear
	large crowds of manic football fans  mascots 	fear
	Someone on my high school football team is also called Moriarty 	fear
	So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun & 59:19 (KJV)  	fear
	My biggest is loosing you so please don't make me ever face that fear You have no absolutely no idea how much you mean to me	fear
	Father forgive me for my and help me live boldly in Your  	fear
	Waiting for the start of from OfficialPWG The return of  will be a great night!	fear
	People are more likely to die in hospital at the weekend? 	fear
	I'm also putting off getting an eye test as I know ill need glasses!  	fear
	''What is profound might become absolutely meaningless'' 	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes- please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Little hesitant to apply deodorant ever again 	fear
	Is it a lack of  or a of  that make people put up with bullshit	fear
	China has it right regarding  Don't listen to the   rhetoric  mongering disguising    motives	fear
	Had a coffee about 2 hours ago and I'm coming up like a bastard with the and jitters now! Need 2 naggins to calm me down !!!	fear
	Looking through old Facebook photos I noticed circa late spring 2009 aka graduation that my eyes were bugged out  	fear
	And know I pop bottles because I bottle my emotions At least I put it all in the open 	fear
	Never run away from your problem face them face to face cause so they will catch and never let goo RIP Jane Kane	fear
	J'ai cru que c'était qq'un qui se foutait de la gueule de et non c'est le vrai Ça existe encore des gens comme ça 	fear
	She Women share on of technology Fear of not being able to find/trust sone to help Impact: limit potential missed opportunities	fear
	The Lord taketh pleasure in them that fear him in those that hope in his mercy& 147:11 (KJV)   	fear
	suffering from a of failure? what is the worst case scenario? If it is not that bad why are you still afraid?Hmmm I think I am goin…	fear
	My brother just left with my movie  I miss it already!	fear
	   Its a big distraction from our lives They create the illusion of so we accept their Solutions $$	fear
	I feel as though I live in  because there are things I'd like to say in this  post but losing my  	fear
	Twitter you'll never see me run as fast again as I am from right now 	fear
	This seems to be a serious conversation! He seems to be making a proposal Lol :-) Thank you Kat! I love you! XoXo	fear
	is rememered  and is projecting it into the future  comes from pain with blame Primary pain creates 	fear
	I saw the world without any borders in my  I was flying under the sun above the trees no just  Dreams are my reality	fear
	Not walkin up stairs because you're afraid to trip going up 	fear
	There is only one thing that makes a  impossible to achieve: the of failure	fear
	Oh my god   did an awesome play on love that scene	fear
	Fuck all of y'all we ignore feelings here 	fear
	On the way home from Chester Zack drives like something off need for speed :( 	fear
	 of when your phone starts falling towards your face  but you save it 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” good one!	fear
	Crip Walk-Off?  RT ECS Preparty I'm nervous for my digestive organs LoAlex2 starallo jmayshar	fear
	is that how the kids visiting Penn State felt? -- Damn near piss my pants kicking it wit and fattymattychady	fear
	Cats are afraid of water Water=rain Rain=storms Storms=LIGHTNING Therefore Panthers Lightning 	fear
	first the (batman begins)then the  (dark knight)im thinking like  fucking (dark knight rises)	fear
	I feel a certain strange surging thru my soul yet it feels so off-limitswht do I do Wht Is there to say? 	fear
	and guess what song just popped in my head 	fear
	 for remember fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind - Dale Carnegie 	fear
	all this  news has made me very nervous whenever i see a cop  even a friendly cop in the mall  i hate that  	fear
	is the lock   the key to your heart ❤	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Big thanks to for the picture Made my night 	fear
	 said he wants to live in u but  he saw fear in your house occupying your space and u wouldn't invite him in ro get rid of 	fear
	is not necessarily a bad thingas long as it does not compromise ability  desire to recognize  embrace 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	God please shine your grace and mercy on this oddly looking lady that's about to cut my hair Great Clips!	fear
	 is not a strategy  is not a factor is not an option	fear
	i mean for you to hate itnot mei love itbut there are a few people in for a rude awakening is it in you?lmao!!!!!	fear
	oui mais le proctologue porte à confusion chez un certain public  :p	fear
	The time has arrived for to strike in the hearts of the fans I can't wait 	fear
	Intelligence puts man on the throne Faith puts God there     	fear
	Its like time runs to me runs to me faster fastest Oh how I make my self beating no well  ♬   ♬  	fear
	I wish i could get the lyrics to by tattoo'd on my body But that'd be one big ass tattoo	fear
	in any form diminishes my ability to think clearly and trust myself Why in the world is it used as a tool so often?	fear
	 The s not the problem-Your Attention 2 fearful possibilities s the attracting force Stop 8 quick -Cheryl Janecky  	fear
	Got his days numbered before he go against them clipper boys with the speedos and thong flip flops da beach!!!!	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The fear of the  is the beginning of wisdomdoing His will connotes His 	fear
	People think I've changed just cause my appeal has grown 	fear
	I ate a burrito the size of my arm earlier and now i am weathering the calm before the storm 	fear
	I don't need to swear to anything Punch your mrs and you'll wake up with your dick on your pillow next to bloody scissors 	fear
	I Broke Up With Cause I Finally Realized It Was Holding Me Back I'm In Love With  Now It's Now My Motivation	fear
	 You should have the of losing one's softness in the heart and its hardening	fear
	A lot of people's biggest is  and a lot of others is  My biggest fear Death by Clowns! There's nothing scarier!	fear
	Most people the  and also  of their shadows! One who lurks in the darkness is a mystery!	fear
	You know i spend money cause spending time is hopeless 	fear
	My ex a quadruple hoe!! Sumbodi need to gne stop playin w/ her Lil scaryDA LOUDEST DOG N DA POUND KEEP HIS TAIL TUCKED N HIS ASS!! 	fear
	Can't go to bed  I keep looking at the window hoping that my car won't be robbed&  	fear
	Heavy night last night last night with joshsimpson14 Now drive back home and work tomorrow 	fear
	I like this :-)) “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	in thy call you Sister in  thy hate U	fear
	Is it weird that I have a of typing in the wrong thing when I know I was typing too fast and sent it w/o checking?	fear
	But that ain't how it works that ain't how it goes& i'll be getting high just to balance out the lows 	fear
	et que ça serait trop chouette qu'on paye les femmes à rester à la maison 	fear
	I'm expecting an extremely important phonecall any minute now  	fear
	have to drink water so that the kidneys are not sick !! :(	fear
	My soul has just been pierced by the most evil look from rickosborneorg A mini panic attack  chill in bones followed soon after 	fear
	Hate driving next to 18 Wheelers Heart starts pounding through my chest every time 	fear
	I would breeze through them Spiders the Snakes however different matter 	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the of  Basically I'm saying focus on getting ur mind right	fear
	smh wus wrong wit niggas these days a  that  to another  does it out of in my eyes smh lot of niggas lie to me	fear
	I'm not actually writing a physics exam today 	fear
	unburden  That's what I want to do I hope that google has translated correctly! hahaha 	fear
	Oi Xmas hold surely we b2b [rec]  [rec]2   effect	fear
	Where ever resides at in your life move in that direction with boldness! The more u go the less it has power ova you	fear
	'The Spirit of causes dis-easeIt is a disease'- Creflo_Dollar	fear
	I smell now  Market is in regret	fear
	Is ur child a worry wart? Here is a tip from Wilma Jean the Worry Machine Genuinely accept your child’s    	fear
	it is exciting except yerno I haven't finished my essay or my translation 	fear
	iyaa dong RT azurazr: kita mau dong ( ) jadi reporter jakcloth  	fear
	I hate wanting to give my all but not knowing if i'll get it back 	fear
	 and  Think about itbased on your belief u don't even lose your  when u lose your physical  	fear
	Moral to the story? A little can be used as a huge  	fear
	Life is short live it  is rare grab it Anger is bad dump it is awful face it  are sweet cherish them	fear
	Just had a great movie marathon with my wonderful roommate     can't get any better than that :)	fear
	I was interviewing a gurl and she flipped the tables on me by questioning me in the freakest way ever! The rapist got mind raped ppl! 	fear
	They say your penis is related to your shoe size Well that makes the of getting raped by a clown much scarier	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Faith is the voice of God Fear is the voice of satan We can't listen to two voices To do so makes us double-minded  	fear
	Tenn and Ole Miss declined to play SC next year 	fear
	Je suis foutu Les Québécois ont trouvé mon mail ils m'avertissent que je dois utiliser courriel dans mes articles 	fear
	Damn if only she knew :( I don't wanna fall for you ckuz ik you won't pic me up Trying hard not to 	fear
	Sneezing an simultaneously farting 	fear
	Night tweeps!! Back to school ulit bukas! If you think the worst is over wait for the exam results :)  	fear
	Some folks r really mean 2 me That doesn't scare me What scares me is how ridiculous it became 2 suggest 2 pay for music  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Rappel: d'ici au 31/12 les banques européennes doivent présenter des ratios de solva corrects malgré les pertes sur la Grèce 	fear
	Loneliness It can cause a bad effect-- when we least expect it and have the lowest tolerance for it I only want it when I'm reading 	fear
	Seeing a stray dog run right pass you on Morehouse campus 	fear
	is nothing else than perverted  Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to 	fear
	Les podcasts le time-shifting  suis en train de comprendre 	fear
	love it! the ultimate adult weapon!haha!	fear
	Larry fucks with me everytime RT ToeNailUrFace: In about 48 hours some of us lucky ones will be frisked by security 	fear
	Awesome time at 's 'Fighting Fear' première last night in Leicester Square - Check out the HD trailer on our Facebook page 	fear
	I thhink its funny will call me bout the lakers but wont answer when we tryna hoop hmm 	fear
	Overheard during Thanksgiving dinner: They're going to PROVIDENCE executions drive-bys murder rate that awful parking garage 	fear
	Comme au match aller un CSKA sans génie subit la loi des Lilloisjusque dans les dernières minutes?  	fear
	my entire drunken family is trying to get me to play just dance this is horendous   	fear
	I'm in the most painful situation in definition of: damned if I do and damned if I don't   what is 	fear
	I also hate the dentist  and that's were I am heading to I wish he was on strike lol 	fear
	of the Unknown  replace  and  with ambiguity and uncertainty    	fear
	 last forever last til the person gets over it and confronts it or til someone badder comes along	fear
	I decree and declare the has NO authority over your life In Jesus Name Amen	fear
	wat happened sat nite?can't rem much where back at that party? 	fear
	Bon On va tenter la cuisine avec l'huile d'arachide  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	bulls need to complete signandtrade for crawford sign bulter the rest of the league can sit back and pull the covers up their chins 	fear
	I think they call this um Venting 	fear
	Forget Everything And Remember For Everything A Reason 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” wow great words!	fear
	 is like the red headed male  step-child of who ain't come out the closet and got a black sheep for a pet	fear
	FEAR - False Evidence Appearing Real         	fear
	često zamišljam taj dan ali to me sve više udaljava od istog 	fear
	how do you let go of the fear when it is time to step up to the plate? 	fear
	 is the of phobias or the fear of fear A person with Phobophobia is mortified of developing a  	fear
	I felt fine this morning blatantly due to still being pissed then my condition rapidly deteriorated  	fear
	People talk about things being awkward awkwardness only enters a situation if you allow it too awkwardness comes from 	fear
	bob would not like to be on your head come Saturday morning ! 	fear
	Thank you so much for tonight It was truly a blessing If God did give then where did it come from 	fear
	wat du i fink about success? It sucks its much stressi guess i blew up quicksuccessJAY Z	fear
	Three hour grammar final in half an hour 	fear
	Giving the mouse hand puppet a gravelly Michael Gambon-esque voice at Thanksgiving got mixed responses from young cousins 	fear
	Giving this a try No owl lamp 	fear
	Word up Rev! RT RevRunWisdom: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	miss geng-2 clan  bila la aku bole join korang ? :/	fear
	is the wrong use of imagination It is anticipating the worst not the best 	fear
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I will not be attending  today due to severe   I will send my best wishes though Love'n'bubbles	fear
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	This year I don't intend to drive in the snow and ESPECIALLY not on the motorway RESPECT mother nature 	fear
	 has told U not to  not to be   That should be good enough reason for you to enter this day with  	fear
	This things appear to be true but I know for sure its false 	fear
	When I was an adoption agent we put folk thru the RINGER to get kids But any old Travionica Jenkins can bust em out And KEEP them 	fear
	My babe is MIA  think my crying earlier caused stress  hope he didn't go out  do something dumb 	fear
	Nothing hurts worse than taking away what he loves to do mostPut in quarterbacks on Sunday 	fear
	I hate the DentistWith a passion	fear
	wake up in the morning eat some flakes buck up go to work for poverty wages send your kids to  war get sick go broke repeat	fear
	This sound guy is so fucking fired  	fear
	Value and source of  we know  God knows  of the   Job 28 	fear
	You know that scary realization you are not going to make it until your next paycheck? Yeah that Payday is a painful 13 days away 	fear
	Don't know many who can take a cancer diagnosis lightly too much   	fear
	I was terrified as well It made me not ever want to celebrate Christmas in Middle Earth  	fear
	Thanks 4 all the hard work Can't wait 2 rewatch on dvd when available	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I turn and I see nobody but my shadow still keep my heart asking wTFa nicca just got paranoid over his own dark sidenot! GOD lives	fear
	checking your phone in the washroom and accidentally dropping it in the toiletlol	fear
	this will be my first Christmas on twitter looking forward to 2/3 weeks of solid being tweeted	fear
	remember this we took your land thanks so much day that we're winning the war on terror by an AMAZING margin but keep your up people	fear
	En 2007 Bayrou a dû attendre janvier pour avoir un sondage le mettant au-dessus des 10 % Pour 2012 il y est déjà 	fear
	Well the birthday surprise was a fail that professor has chronic bitch face We freaked ran in threw her gifts at her then ran out 	fear
	constant growthno reason to that or say  to that	fear
	Going to be a long long day in work Also not looking forward to these photos from last night 	fear
	sometime I don't even have to talk to my kids I give them certain looks and they know exactly what to do 	fear
	their are spies everywhere but the fruits are so big and the land have giantsbut the lord told you to take the land but you have 	fear
	I hate trucks I hate truckers Omg I hate trucks 	fear
	The children of Israel remained in the desert for 40 years because they wouldn't trust God  What is doing to your future?	fear
	ed io vorrei un mondo senza guerreLa chiesa ha più potere oggi di quanto lo avesse con i precedenti governi  	fear
	I'm so scared! Is this really how life forces certain circumstances on people? It's so hard  	fear
	If you say your not scared of anything  it's a lie  is in everyone  But you have to fight it  Because  beyond fear is 	fear
	Genghis Khan Adolf Hitler Benito Mussolini Napoleon Bonaparte and LaToya Jackson all share a common of cats	fear
	repercussion when you go back to  on holiday rules educating ourselves is important Thinkit is not illigal yet!	fear
	The Lord will  you from all evil he will  your Life& Psalm 121:7 God is a  walk no evil for YOU are being !	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	I'm about to eat Taco Bell for the first time in over 10 years 	fear
	The pole of light outside my window is shaking violently  	fear
	all right mate wanna buy a tv? fuckin do one alien  dont ring me again with that kinda bullshit	fear
	FEAR = False Evidence Appearing Real   	fear
	factor is coming back to TV! Guilty pleasure of mine	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	!!! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	Grimpe pas dans les rideaux! Mange pas tes bas!  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen& and I love today 	fear
	look if we can't make the occasional crass sexual joke about serious protests the terrorists have already won 	fear
	Y a  qui se définit comme Friend of the Israeli soldier and Mossad agent qui me follow sur twitter 	fear
	there's so many things holding me back like 	fear
	 our need to always be right! RT FredericBrussat: To live a creative life we must lose our of being wrong  Joseph Chilton Pearce	fear
	People a majority according gallup nationwide support legalizing marijuana so why don't Dems?  	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	2)March 2009the market said : the opportunity was therebut COURAGE was missing The factor was too strong	fear
	There is danger in traditional paper media calling electronic media (youtube blogger etc) not real  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Saiu nos cinemas americanos um remake de The Thing filme que na minha infância me fez ficar noites sem dormir 	fear
	He told me he was  with me told me not to tell him I felt those butterflies too	fear
	You know you're scared when you have every single light on in your apartment  don't even notice it! 	fear
	Never Shadows They Simply Mean There Is A Light Shining Somewhere Nearby   	fear
	he wants be bacc ! butt    ion kno mann !	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	The only song I can really really like of his RT CBake_OneSeven: Drake be writing that real 	fear
	Seems that the sky will fall with so much rain lightning never seen so many in a  only night oO 	fear
	Resist Launch out into the deep!	fear
	Je n'ai jamais été aussi à la bourre pour écrire une plaidoirie  	fear
	A good day!! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	is a creative block to our body's natural flow of  and  that are often not cultivated in the Western mind	fear
	I dont know how I can let someone in again the of a repeat is greater than my fear of being shot 	fear
	is a bad asswatch out tweeter world has come of age 	fear
	RT“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Yeahh you dnt like me but still ill ride around ya side of town wit no in my blood	fear
	Why does every single thing have to terrify me more than it should  	fear
	Emotional  is less tangible and far more powerful than physical risk   	fear
	««not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »»	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I saw yesterday and I love today 	fear
	go  this season  needs you the word can not happen w/o you	fear
	Concered my of hights today! Went all the way to the top of climbing! Sooo proud and beat enrique on quad biking!:D love my girls x	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Rt RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Thank you you guys for all the support we will be playing at either 3 45 or 5 so come watch your favorite team 	fear
	J crois que k ressemble à un zombie et que j fais flipper tlm dans la 7   	fear
	TY 4 tweets Gr8 reminder that we're all same in or out we all grow want peace  love acceptance feel alone  	fear
	In life there is either  or -I pick  ~David Murphy	fear
	I can wait to see the return of factor tomorrow My wife however is not	fear
	Could you give me url for live stream? 	fear
	Necromancians   Affaire du policier mort pas mort mort : N  adepte d'Abdul Al-Hazred ?  	fear
	I'll get my result of high school 	fear
	Garacias a ti es seguroo que el clima esta en el alma!! 	fear
	Mon voisin de train d'hier soir s'est sifflé 7 bières un paquet de nicorette et a communiqué avec sa vitre pendant trois heures 	fear
	 driving and sneezing on the highway	fear
	I've a funny feeling the  I painstakingly planned for tomorrow is going to fail Too many IT issues today 	fear
	Courage is knowing what not to fear - Plato   	fear
	It's silly how we things that % won't happen  doubt things that 99% will happen 	fear
	And know that I pop bottles because I bottle my emotions at least I put it all in the open 	fear
	Are you allowing to sabotage Your Empowering  ? Give it back! 2 Timothy 2:7 	fear
	I'm definitely wearing something neutral over my red in Baton Rouge next week 	fear
	What would you be doing right now if you wasn't afraid Don't let stop you!!!!	fear
	Sitting at FSU just chilling with friends Still waiting to get acceptance letters from the colleges I applied too  	fear
	The honesty in my music has left me too exposed 	fear
	I know your joking cos it's all  in the family Thought of drink gives me 	fear
	only if failing wasnt my biggest i wouldn't go to school tomorrow smh	fear
	What you will come upon you Do not let fear creep into your mind It will drain your   eat away at your 	fear
	Staff_9 U gotta get aggressive  out of them lame as plays s the offense then go down the field Put in them	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	The day I first met you you told me you'd never fall  but now that I know you I know is what it really was!	fear
	Espero con ansias toparme esa recopilación de cuentos de terror de  jajaja gusto culposo!!	fear
	Our greatest fear is not that we can't our greatest is that we can but we haven't and are not doing anything with that !	fear
	Somehow I've got to get to trend That way I can have another way to spread fear across the world without needing an inhaler	fear
	i just narrowly escaped being left solo with 2 children 	fear
	I would hate to have a baby mom that's a baby girl 	fear
	I hear factor is back on the air	fear
	Don't let to rob your prayer life of the  it is supposed to have  	fear
	If you  someone tell him or her Forget about the rules or the of looking ridiculous	fear
	who will also increase our wage bill? No sense bringing in anyone What message does that say to our yound talents? 	fear
	Fear is the mind-killer I will face my fear I will permit it to pass over me and through me 	fear
	Lo ga takut untuk mencintai yang lo takutin adalah tidak dicintai balik  	fear
	Ontem fiz trança embutida com o cabelo molhado e quando fui dormir fiz um coque ai agora soltei o cabelo e ele continua molhado oO	fear
	You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith  ~Mary Manin Morrissey 	fear
	The only thing holding all of us back is the of 	fear
	I mean even Archie Manning said complimentary things about us! 	fear
	So my pic flood will start in 5 minutes If you don't like wrestling or a fan of my photography  you were warned	fear
	freak that cockroach who flew during choir practice   else but cockroach NOT!!!!	fear
	Don't believe the lies Look me in my eyes Please don't be scared of me 	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Torres' Entrance strikes fear into the supporters behind the Chelsea net of being hit	fear
	I think my fear of squirrels came from seeing National Lampoons Xmas Vacation as a childa squirrel attacks a woman in it 	fear
	We all have a  voice a story& duty to those silenced with fear& and misconception to stand strong against tides of 	fear
	going to see a friend's band play tonight in Midland    	fear
	The shrieks of terror coming from down the corridor as my flatmate plays are endlessly entertaining	fear
	The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true  -Martha Beck	fear
	2 TIX TO TONIGHT'S BUT NO FUCKING RIDE!!! FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK	fear
	yo mane you think pac will fight you in may? rumor says 4th fight with marquez whom you handled? i think hes scared 	fear
	is in me being  to lose once again  me I'll be this way till proven wrong!	fear
	C'mon people his last match in the US and you didn't think Dick Togo would be   	fear
	I struggled with and  for years that prevented me from learning to drive Finally got my license this year 	fear
	J'avais décidé de me coucher et puis finalement j'aime pas trop le lit vide et le bruit dans le couloir 	fear
	The average adult spends four years of their life suffering from a hangover that is and today ha ha!! 	fear
	we do my is I don't wanna mess upbut no doubt McGill is a good school I just don't wanna live in Montreal lol	fear
	A 4h du mat ma xbox360 m'a fait un pseudo Red Ring En fait le disque dur était plus reconnu et il empêchait le démarrage! 	fear
	I'd offer to do a strip tease but my wife is currently hormonal and might kill me 	fear
	We fear losing that mercy we fear losing His protection and his shade from harm  and 	fear
	Sometimes we the decisions that are the most difficult to make They still must be made tho	fear
	players like jay over there pinch punch grab your conkers twist nipples and pull hairs they looked over at u in horror 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Hahaha just got a shot at the doctors and was the nurse was about to kill me because I was freaking out so much 	fear
	“FrankyFade: The team is hot  iamthefabian” yes sir	fear
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	Food for thought: falling and loud noises are the only fears we are born with - all others are learned through life experiences  	fear
	There is no shame in being afraid We are all afraid of something 	fear
	[Or hear] I do not  in   am SURE of it  I am not  because I feel no worthiness in me?	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	fmpundit i will play in 4º Wales division 	fear
	Bordel elle sort d'où Miss Bretagne ? 	fear
	I feel great slept from 2230 until my alarm went off why have you the ?	fear
	if u say sum bout me behind my back its  sum u bout me!	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Let's drink some beer  more beer my music's trying to tell me something	fear
	plz dun tell to Jay who disclosed this ep (jk ekekekekeke)	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	I A♏ not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today less	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Rt“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	'Gripped by fear' is an oddly apt phrase for times when it feels like fear is gripping you It's like you're being gripped by fear 	fear
	Follow me on Twitter for official results and coverage	fear
	and  have equivalent power The first moves you backward and the second moves you forward 	fear
	It's hard when you something you have to do! Just because you don't feel like you're ready Am I ready to ???	fear
	I'm so afraid of viruses now why did he have to watch this video?! 	fear
	After what  news has brought out in the news there is NO way our family will ever fly Sad but true  it sucks actually 	fear
	Devrais-je me coucher ou continuer à veiller jusqu'a ce que j'entende un bruit et penser à mes parents qui viennent ? 	fear
	op school bezig met fm aan! zeker vet haha	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	I have a that one day I'm going to sit to pee and something's going to bite my ass or worse my twat  	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Will Reseda riot after  I win tomorrow?  	fear
	was an AMAZING show Thnx and everyone else 4 a great show!	fear
	Tigers up 10 34-24 with 4:50 left in the first half South Alabama coach Ronnie Arrow calls another timeout Told you we smell 	fear
	 Talks Going Well? Most Pissed Off with  Play Acting  Playing Dangerous Games ?  	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I've been joined in the Soudain gamble by the man the Scunny bookies call bespectacled death  	fear
	remember: if you serve pork today and you see one of your friends/family avoid it they're probably muslim terrorists report them! 	fear
	But when he saw the wind boisterous he was afraid  and beginning to sink  he cried  saying Lord save me Matthew 14:30 	fear
	My two guitars after a lot of years togetherhad decided to fell the night I was seeing Paranormal Activity 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	is a motivator to do or not to do  it should be in harmony with other motivators and naturally is	fear
	This Duke game is going to give me a panic attack and it hasn't even started 	fear
	IslamChat: You should have the of losing one's softness in the heart and its hardening	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	EVERYDAY IS A GAME CALL IT FACTOR	fear
	Every word that comes out of my mouth I pray it doesn't push you away 	fear
	Cant wait for the day i feel the same RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Matt Moore knew what was gonna happen to him if he tried to get that ball from D-Ware 	fear
	toss the 2004 aside get one from 1999 and well turn up some Will Smith  the new Millennium!	fear
	Children that don't talk are scary when sick What's this rash now? And was that what the nightlong crying was about?  	fear
	They'll? Jeez I thought I was only being sent one I'm either the luckiest or unluckiest guy ever 	fear
	Gotta love that moment when your parents say your full name and you start thinking of all the bad things you've done recently 	fear
	Proud of Rowan Williams Anglican Church has morality  freedom to show social compassion without or constraint but   	fear
	If didn't exist I would run up to you  tell you how much I LOVE YOU !	fear
	Eeee!!! I leave Friday morning for LA!!!! OMG!!!     	fear
	ain vi a foto de um acidente de carro aqui no face to apavorada ! s 	fear
	Simply RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The of loving or atleast allowing yourself to fall for a person who you know prolly won't fall for you yet it feels so ryt!!!☹☺	fear
	Free Expression As Revolution 	fear
	terrified to hear singing karaoke tomorrow i think my ears might start bleeding	fear
	A night out watching airplanes! If only i cud enjoy getting on it as much as i enjoy watching it fly across the sky 	fear
	Walking back from the gas station me Brooklyns_MoKo and Faisal saw a dog without a leash and freaked the hell out 	fear
	Fuck! Only a girl's anger on your silly questions can make you sweat in temperature near 12°C! or  	fear
	When your back from a busy day didnt get to watch the match and than realize I hope I recorded  :| 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	everytime I come home from work at nite I sprint to the house 	fear
	is such a weak emotion that's why I despise it	fear
	the awkward moment when someone who shouldn't wear a thong does Oo 	fear
	Visto hoy : CF dándolo todo muyyy drum'n'bass ella jajajaja Oo 	fear
	Le fanatisme est flippant même lorsqu'il s'agit de Twilight Des nanas de 50 piges qui se font tatouer des scènes du film ^^ 	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	The wind just sounded like a woman SCREAMING 	fear
	They  should make a second  movie where  wears the ring of 	fear
	Been watching Gshore series1 all day Never wanted to put loadsa tan on hit the club and pull some lads so much in my life 	fear
	Thunder and lightning used to scare the shit out of me when I was young I remembered watching Blue's Clues and the power went out 	fear
	I feel dreadful though not as dreadful as my married colleague who spent the evening rubbing the crotches of men in the office  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Ahhhh!!! I'm worried about the dentist why did I put it off so long!! 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	J'ai envie de dire que c'est la magie DEL INt3N3T ! On peut tomber sur des trucs WTF 	fear
	Serasa semua menuntuk tuk terjadi segera While my ego doubt to its other one Memang ada satu jenis pelan dan mematikan 	fear
	“To live your  in the of losing it is to lose the point of life” — Malcolm 	fear
	I  myself by trying to clear the motivation of from my intentions  trust that  is guiding me for his undefined 	fear
	I feel like I'm missing out on the things I should be doing at this age I really hope not though 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” Onwards  upwards!	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I neva was da type to bite ma tongue explain maself 2 anybdynone but god	fear
	Word RT mindofH: look if we can't make the occasional crass sexual joke about serious protests the terrorists have already won 	fear
	Ce moment effrayant quand tu regardes un film d'horreur seul la nuit et que t'as l'impression d'avoir entendu un bruit  	fear
	I remember you this feeling isn't new& please don't be scared of me 	fear
	And so it beginsthe countdown to a  and the possibility of an almost-new life  	fear
	“mattmosley: This is the shakiest 14-point lead in history of college football” lol 	fear
	When you say something and you pray the person don't hear	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	'The spirit of is from the evil oneSatan IS THAT spirit	fear
	Late flight made me miss seeing in Largo Thank you Chris for coming to  	fear
	Listening to some older punk including one of my favs FEAR amazed at how  the lyrics which are 30 yrs old are still relevant today 	fear
	getting too comfortable being single  end up lonely for the rest of my	fear
	Bordel de merde c'est moi ou la trend Française est à gerber en ce moment ? 	fear
	I love that RT “RevRunWisdom: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	At WalMart with and she just saw a midget and freaked completely out! will KILL you lol!	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	Really afraid to be bipolar and have more problems of self harm than cutting … :'( 	fear
	Just walked past a Asian girl and she grabs her BF's arm Now I know all races even my own are afraid of me  	fear
	is the weapon of choice used by bullies  cowards who feel powerless-2 control  manipulate others 4 their own means	fear
	only thing holding me back	fear
	Gut wrenching pain Please don't let it be true 	fear
	 for giving me high final project scores Now to get A's on all my finals right  	fear
	 Don't mixing  brands If it works for you  XO :)	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	fear comes when you project scenarios into the future live here and abide in the unfolding present moment  	fear
	Going to have a hot chocolate at 10 when I watch american horror story will help me sleep after 	fear
	Je ne sais pas comment j'ai RT un truc que je ne connais pas Peur du piratage 	fear
	 sounds amazing as always I should really find a way to watch the product	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	if you're getting your information from a website not run by the gov't or 1 of 6 approved corporations you probably the wrong people	fear
	Haha ye found it was in Krystle When I first read that I thought I was drunkenly looking for something else  	fear
	I was brave enough ta b born in da world none	fear
	I think im scared of what the future holds I was wishing for some things and now im used to those 	fear
	There's a mysterious ticking noise somewhere by my bed  not the  puppet pals kind 	fear
	I don't like sharing my feelings Im scared you'll run if I admit something 	fear
	Joe Rogan is back at it Factor	fear
	First away game at Parrot Academy today!! wish our V Boys and Girls luck if you see them in today :) 	fear
	the heartstopping moment where you think you've pulled out your headphones in the silent library 	fear
	What happened to originality? Everybody is following the same trend Nobody wants to step out of the box is a !	fear
	Driving my family 2 any where is no fun ! !	fear
	5 minutes till pizza express pizza is cooked 	fear
	HOW DID YOU KNOW MY UNCLE WAS A CRAZY CONSERVATIVE!!! He wears a helmet in his own car 	fear
	dear  pls watch the  game tonight  stare every Caps players like the time u froze your food by just staring 	fear
	Les meilleurs Rick Roll restent à venir ! 	fear
	Day 2 of my brother's stay in emergency   	fear
	&  Add those three things up and you have a symptom called  u wanna learn [:	fear
	If I said I nothing I'd be a lying I'm deathly afraid of grown straight men with uncomfortably high voices 	fear
	end of life symptoms/not eating sleeping alot/is Ma's life ending?       	fear
	my humble prediction 1252-1260 all day  hope I'm wrong either way trade the range!	fear
	:) security is a very juicy business 	fear
	“drakellaj: I hope you know that y'all the reason I have fun still )': 3drake	fear
	Eventually I will get tired of running  	fear
	We nah  ah  nah ah  We nah  from  No bowy nah badda Dan weeeee 	fear
	If we deny  that is given to usif we refuse to give love because we  or lossthen our lives will be emptyour loss greater	fear
	saw  on the tv stand they smelled like a combination of and  if that b*tch thinks i'm wearing them	fear
	Life is a game the chips fall where they may but most times they don't fall where you want them 	fear
	Oh god the drunken disorderlyness on Sat night was outrageous  the has set in nicely! Hope u had a good one 	fear
	I live about an hour from Burbank tooMaybe I will purchase today and get it by Fri so I can watch it before 	fear
	Why is touching kitten and me so much? What is happening? 	fear
	“GE_LovingHer: When fear knocks on your door answer with faith! VS ”	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Adam: I was afraid -Gen 3:10 ~ Abram: Do not be afraid -Gen 15:1 ~ Sarah: she was afraid-Gen 18:15 ~ Jacob:I was afraid -Gen 31:31 	fear
	Look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me I remember you this feeling isn't you so please don't be scared of me 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	You wasnt smiling last night! Everytime i got around you your heart started racing and your lip trembled! 	fear
	kinda sad u made twitter now i cant beak you cause I'm afraid you'll read it   	fear
	Sometimes I prefer not to talk about itI'm not a liar or a fraud sometimes people make me feel afraid to say everything  	fear
	Le mec à côté de moi dans le tgv lis Nietzsche et il essaye d'engager la conversation 	fear
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	So do we stay friends forever? 	fear
	Goodbye Farewell So Long 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I lived today ”	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Maryland wins 4-0 over ODU - will face Carolina in NCAA Final on Sunday - they played a tremendous game - The Turtle! 	fear
	 is an  that one’s  will withdraw into ones abdomen seen only in Malaya and other regions of southern 	fear
	if your heart is filled with faith then you cant let go an let  deal with it!	fear
	some  ians want to replace a military dictatorship with a civilian one to avoid elections at any cost 	fear
	by  is still the realist song ever made by him Way too explicit for fakes 	fear
	A Classic its up there with All Quiet OTWF! Books of this quality inspired M Foot's Military Intelligence a Contradiction in Terms	fear
	I did it! I conquered nerves and  THANK YOU SO MUCH for learning the song  lol 'preciate it :)	fear
	Don't let grab your tongue nor let it confine  your   is too short to live an   ~milla	fear
	Isaiah 54:14 “I am far from oppression and fear does not come near me”   	fear
	 in the morning  in the evening It's been a good day	fear
	water level rising near my home  	fear
	Je ferais bien mon shopping coiffure pour le prochain Grand Webze mais y a rien qui me branche Surtout pas Sylvie Tellier en tout cas 	fear
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions 	fear
	The Cloud just asked me lotza personal questions re: myself Been avoiding upgrades awhile due 2this   	fear
	They should make a 24hours a day Reese Witherspoon channel I wouldn't change the channel 	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me In the eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Les mecs à la sortie du metro 4 à gdn et qui attendent que tu passes pour degainer leur toupie lumineuse  	fear
	Why is it so easy to like someone  so difficult to tell em about it? 	fear
	would it offend you if when I listen to otFailure (the song) I'm thinking about girls?	fear
	My sippin and thuggin level is off the charts right now Patrons at dawns are whispering about me 	fear
	If my tears hold value I will drop one for every single thing he showed Us 	fear
	i DONT want to be one of the people God denys when its judgement day  that's my !	fear
	women OooImagine ur Female artiste decide to giv u blowJob inside studiou nor fit ask for session money again naChoiii	fear
	Niggas is bitch everytime you see me you walking with your head down  cmon son i dont want you to me 	fear
	being single for the rest of my life and never being able to start a family to share my success and accomplishment with :(	fear
	at what age does one gain this concept known as common sense?  	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	selon doctissimo le verdict est sans appel: cancer du cerveau !! 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	u dont wanna lose to MUSA is that what it isscared money dont make no moneyCash	fear
	Woke up to an open closet door&  D:	fear
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions 	fear
	The of your toes about to get chopped off when you see the cutting knife slip off the bench	fear
	Genre ! Dommage pas la VOD ce soir 'Qu'ils mangent de la brioche !'	fear
	I dnt open up a lot to my partner as much as I shouldis letting my guard down  yu not gaf  hurt me reason why I dnt get attatched	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I have a slight irrational of disappearing or going into a fugue state somewhere    now  help me w/that	fear
	 to perform You're Gonna Go Far Kid by Offspring on my next tour! having regrets  TWLOHA	fear
	A leader is a coach not a judge     	fear
	you are reporting on the basis of please stop trying to place  into viewers It's uncool  	fear
	just texted a higher-ranking officer than I and asked if it would be okay for me to replace him   	fear
	I'm scared to love because I'm scared you'll leave 	fear
	   - leave it all behind  enjoy life InshAllah!	fear
	Sumtimes d fear of being jobless after school gives me the creeps!     of an undergraduate	fear
	Dont believe the lies Look me in my eyes Please dont be scared of me& remember you this feeling isnt new   dnt 	fear
	Hate snakes so much can't even watch them on tv 	fear
	thanks 4 having me Great seeing u Hope u home safe BED  hanging here  	fear
	is the weapon of choice that  uses against the saints of the Most HighFear   you won't have the fear of the world✡Prov2:5	fear
	i should clarify: we're winning the *game* of terror not the war on it america terrorizes like fucking no one does still plenty to 	fear
	AuthenticGecko: I'm finding this is true  is of oneself ~ Wilhelm Stekel  I would agree	fear
	Its funny how we take a day a year to dress up in costumes and celebrate 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Lol Have No DRoss Is Here! (Hero Voice)	fear
	The only way I can describe week 13: in Harry Potter when everyone is scared to say Voldemort's name out loud 	fear
	If there were no  to hide behind I wonder if the  would cause some people to destroy themselves with 	fear
	I for the  hauling my stuffed   out to me she might  up coming out with a stump where her  was	fear
	was a great closer for 2011 Awesome night  was still the best and will be hard to top	fear
	If my tears hold value then I will drop one for every single thing you showed us and I'll be standing in a puddle  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Question: Do you live in a world of or 	fear
	OK donc je découvre Man va Wild Et en plus c'est le best of 	fear
	Mañana a la pista de hielo de Menacho con la clase de E Fisica deseadme suerte para que no me haga un esguince o algo peor x) 	fear
	LA bound in just a few short hours An early xmas gift for me and would certainly be a big win at PWG  	fear
	Why does ppl say they're  when they know they aintr u trying to trick ur mind is the biggest thing right now Check it	fear
	I have always told hubby I could do FACTOR but after watching a few old episodesSMDH!	fear
	Gonna be awake all night after seeing those snakes 	fear
	is all to do with  Have Faith in the perfect  which casts out fearWho is that perfect love?  	fear
	nice pun there to make me chuckle thanks Kev! Still petrified though I woke up with a wheezy chest 	fear
	Playing NOW on Hardest: BYZPO Radio Show Session  Tune in listen and enjoy	fear
	Lmao Cute RT ThaMagicTouch: The thingy is kinda cute tho RT Thee_Tyson: RT AliHMirza:  = Forget Everything and Rap	fear
	_AndreasHuebner: is nothing else than perverted  Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to 	fear
	We're ALL afraid of something herebc u ain't human w/o 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Just received news that I'm taking on the 400 Rep Challenge tomorrow Sounds like bedtime for me 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Hot5's competing at the Petersen Event Center tomorrow!! Come out and support them!!  this	fear
	That's really the only problem Ppl think they should naturally only love and be fulfilled by 1 person When it doesn't happen?  	fear
	The fear of being hurt in a relationship usually causes you to stay single or fear getting attached to a person  	fear
	In order to  your desire for  has to be greater than your of  ~Bill Cosby	fear
	Ok now im scared   Im the only one up in my house   I guess im going to sleep  	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Serious sinking in I apologize to anyone I offended/annoyed/embarrassed myself in front of last night  	fear
	*wanders the downtown area w im_no_ser ppl watching  ears perked at all the noise  gossip*   Rhaegal_	fear
	The Lord is my light  salvation-Whom shall I fear? is Not an option! !	fear
	Haha i don't like seeing that bear sober 	fear
	Le regard de Jimmy Wales fondateur de  me fait tellement flipper  J'ose même pas aller voir la page de Danièle  	fear
	 9 My biggest fear is needles I can't stand getting a shot  	fear
	I find myself sprinting but it doesnt hurt as much on my hamstring no moreis leaving	fear
	“AA9_Era: Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes -Drake NP”please don't be scared of meListen to more milli by drakeandbirdman	fear
	We must not give in to the  must face those things we the most	fear
	can I get a RT for and the return of Super Dragon teaming with vs NickJacksonYB	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	““not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	Niggas Tryna Live Off Im Tryna Live Off  Cuz Without It Don't Nobody Give A Fuck About You R/S	fear
	is the greatest threat if  reduces watr lvl by 120 half worries off 	fear
	On the edge of slipping and winning 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  via TweetCaster	fear
	You gotta feel the - and  it anyway! :) (Said by me former girl child soloist (I was good - semi-pro)	fear
	Gotta be Vanners for me more deadly more reliable! AND even if he werent (which I think he is) the opposition think he is !	fear
	Small talk is a bi 	fear
	Woot! Woot! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Does anyone else get nervous when a member of your household attempts a new recipe?   	fear
	I get lightheaded whenever they show surgical procedures on TV my knees start to hurt eyes squint stomach turns I'm such a pussy 	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	is the best movie of the 90s forest gump doesnt get rated its so good and titanic is in a distantttttt second	fear
	Nightmare about war Freaked the fuck right out of me      	fear
	not when fear not why fear not much while we're alive Fear not die I'll be alive for a million year   	fear
	can affect your reasoning Even brave men can lose their  for a time if injured or exhausted	fear
	 2nd half results: Wolves d SSB Generico d Togo Steen/Dragon d Bucks to win the tag titles	fear
	Nerves are all edgy tonight been like it all day tooth posioning I expect will have to go to denist putting it off 3 years  	fear
	 terror only brings more violence  war war only dehumanizes EVERYONE times like these *need* dissent  	fear
	Sorry I don't live in and I don't need NO MAN as a LEADER (I AM ROYALTY) A KING ALREADY (SELAH)	fear
	Cant decide what shirt to wear tonight 	fear
	Fear will always haunt me but hope will always conquer   	fear
	My uncle isn't even messaging me and him missing in my life is kind of messing with me 	fear
	Ahaha!! I don't talk TOO much just Dominate!!  MrFranklin101: WE READY!! : the Capricorn  quiet 	fear
	 in the air I’m pushing the gears  turned into  hate turned into 	fear
	LOVE LOVE LOVE Da Onli Thing I Truly 	fear
	Yet we are unable to effect and change what and whom we see that negatively affects usWhy operate in  	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Conférence en allemandavant-première de ma vie en févrierbaaaaah j'ai peur ! 	fear
	getting high to balance out the lows  don't be scared of me 	fear
	✓RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Gleich muss ich als Volti Papa auch aufs Pferd und turnen  	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	we can't stop here this is DRONE country!!! 	fear
	----- RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Je fais des rencontres Magnifiques Mais j'espère ne pas les quitter sur des mots Pathétiques  My 	fear
	yes if they can run the ball and not get beat deep! We should win ! the Spear	fear
	Tonight I had the most terrifying experience doing laundry So terrible I'm not going to do it I literally feel like a crazy person 	fear
	Cummins/Cutting to lead the attack for next 10 years - Ambrose/Walsh 	fear
	”fuck all ya we ignore feelings hereim never actually m alone I just always feel alone ” 	fear
	If these  movements mean nothing why do police raid them in the middle of the night  try to censor press in the process? 	fear
	Some says is  i think its Something Normal were humans Not Gods  be Scared make mistakes the more Experience the more U Grow	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Have no Eddies here  for hire contact me directly for my services EddieSantanaVIPgmailcom 	fear
	pfff J'ose pas aller pisser ils toussent de partout dans la salle d'attente style on sait que t'es là on t'attends mouhahahaaaa 	fear
	there is no such thing as 'muslim' anger This is yet another instance of bigots trying to oppres women  	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	puts you in line  keeps you silent and  is a serial killer	fear
	I wanna try all the adventure experience in forever and a day moviehahamabuhay p kaya ako?haha of height	fear
	Staff_9 U gotta get aggressive  out of them lame as plays  the offense and then go down the field Put in them	fear
	For real!!! RT QTONGUEHER: Factor tweetRT This looks disgusting but tastes delicious!!!	fear
	Ah non je ne suis pas encore du coté dark ) 	fear
	Whatever CFB acting as if Urban and our sweetness isn't on their minds  	fear
	 God the reality of your own soul which you have blinded yourself from	fear
	 regimes shouldn't use old pretext of fearing  to impose thr own doctrines  God 2overcome them? SultanAlQassemi	fear
	Do not stand in AWE of your MOUNTAIN (situation) but STAND in AWE of  That is how you conquer! 	fear
	The biggest comes when you focus on the reality of your situation but remember  does not give us fear- so the enemy has to FLEE	fear
	Not true that was who the conversation was with he's being very cool   	fear
	Eating alone this is big step for me 	fear
	fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear 	fear
	drove to wal-mart to get princess bride on blu ray for 5 bucks saw the parking lot and drove back home 	fear
	Watch this  press conference on   this guy squirmming when asked about the terms/length of the  contract 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Seven years ago tomorrow I said to myself I bet that whole 'gum stays in your stomach for 7 years' thing is bullshit 	fear
	IDK what I'd do if I ever got attacked by any type of wild animal 	fear
	Paraît que si tu mets le hashtag  dans un tweet un agent de la CIA reçoit une notification par email  	fear
	People need to know and understand that there is a difference between and 	fear
	The trouble today with women the mouth don't stop 	fear
	Fear Factor:  can strip your  of any  or even worse cancel them out altogether	fear
	 RT ~ do not allow fear of what if to ruin the joy of what is  ~   	fear
	ah stop I'm heading with 4cousins I've VIP seats in old Trafford sorted they're all mad for the beer! and the  await	fear
	Mum isn't home yet It's like I'm waiting to be executed I know it will happen but not when 	fear
	I guess that mean they come few and far between Even though I'm living out what you would call the dream 	fear
	im only scared of clowns and exorcisms or creepy little ghost girls or spiders 	fear
	was going 2 drive to the docs 2day but i hate driving in the rain so my momma gotta take me	fear
	My cat is trying to kill me! She tried to claw my face she lay on my chest then almost made herself comfortable on my face 	fear
	If I'm making a mistake well I hope I'm not 	fear
	in case u were wondering means Fuck-Everything-And-Run	fear
	 Noss agora eu to com medo! Deu um trovão aki do lado de casa que a porta ta tremendo meu tercinho ta tremendo tb  	fear
	Sometimes i get scared to move my foot around cuz i keep thinking my ankle will break again 	fear
	I have to admit I'm looking forward to the return of Factor!	fear
	“NayerMusic: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” love this!	fear
	Don't let   open the door to the spirit of jezebel	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	To AprinoBerhitu: Fear is restrictive repressive  limiting Love is expressiveabundant  free-flowing  and cannot co-exist	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	MDRRR MOI AUSSI En plus comme j'ai des enceinte j'avais mis le volume à fond OMAGAD 	fear
	God forbid y wld I eat rat for $50000 factor sucks	fear
	great night Way too many drinks tho! Feeling very delicate today!! 	fear
	That ain't how it works that ain't how it goes and I be getting high just to balance out the lows 	fear
	Don't carry something around that Jesus already carried on the cross    	fear
	De esas noches en las que se desahoga con el teclado y el twitter 	fear
	Ain't shaving til Jan 1the bread	fear
	I trust not even the closest of betrayal! I can finally see why now!	fear
	The fear is an unavoidable workplace hazard 	fear
	The fear of fear causes fear unrelenting	fear
	When you notice every nurse and dentist around is wearing yellow goggles 	fear
	the underlying problem with the human condition is our addiction paired with sentimentalism love in practice is a rare gem indeed	fear
	My team is starting to heat up you can't contain us too long let the blowout begin  ducks  attack the duck	fear
	Waow ! Flippant le dossier Personnes sans nom dans Picasa  Un trombi géant avec tout les gens présents sur tes photos 	fear
	 let the of striking out get in your way -Babe Ruth	fear
	A lot of people are scared to admit that they don't know something 	fear
	not the end of the world isn't until next week 	fear
	Why is greed so prevalent in these United States? 	fear
	is the main reason why we as humans miss our blessings	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Kinds of tears:         Disaster    of God   U?	fear
	Kinds of tears:         Disaster   of God   U?	fear
	Complacency is the enemy of accomplishment      	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Fantastic expectations amazing revelations 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	1st game would be  but my disc is being dodgy skip to Lol ragdoll physics on people you kill hilarious screams to join it 	fear
	The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true  -Martha Beck	fear
	Lol RT RippDemUp: So my wife is out at a fun party this evening All I can think is: please don't buy a strap-on 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Bring back factor?!?	fear
	Fantastic Expectations Amazing Revelations 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I'm ready to scour our southern brother for an  but a outweighs my  Publicly I admit I'm afraid of 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I think I'm scared of what the future holds I was wishing for some things and now am used to those 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Forecast indicate 65% Muslim Brotherhood victory  	fear
	Come out Sunday evening to hear Pastor Scott Fussnecker continue the message on fear 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Indeed we from our Lord a day frowning and fateful 76:10	fear
	Girl I wanna tell you how you drive me crazy how I think about you all the time how I smile every time we talk But I can't 	fear
	Seems ridiculous People rarely search via domain and  the amount of domain combinations/word variations is astronomical 	fear
	 is an emotion thats overrated  is an emotion thats out of control bt i like fear fear keeps you sharp	fear
	Family dinner outing 	fear
	I hope you know that y'all the reason I have fun still )': 3drake	fear
	 RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Just saw  freestyle on WestWood men JJags is good him jude u gotta rival in that guy MI_Abaga	fear
	_ had you ever looked in the face  said I don't care	fear
	J'aurais pas du m'habiller en rouge ça attire les cougars :-/ 	fear
	Looking for people suffering with   To help me with my research project I will ask a range of simple questions!	fear
	: 12 Days of Christmas organ instrumental This station plays on a loop in mom's offices This must be where the 'bad passengers' go 	fear
	Two girls one cup? Uhmcome on factor!! Give the contestant's AID's :)	fear
	Do not allow to control your actions You overcome fear by doing exactly the thing you are afraid of	fear
	La nana qui lit à voix haute son bouquin sur Direct 8 me fait flipper  	fear
	That ain't how it works and that ain't how it goes and I'll be getting highs just to balance out the lows 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Bye bye direction la salle squat hack squat ischio etc 	fear
	Many news interviews start “Should we be worried about?” Yes please tell us what we should WORRY ABOUT  	fear
	Languedoc elle a un smile de poupée en porcelaine 	fear
	Against the assault of laughter nothing can stand ~ Mark Twain 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	A cell-phone commercial just used the term self-aware 	fear
	Fear Anyone can win their fears Fear is there to bully you around Don't let it! Darkness can't ever devour light   	fear
	My greatest is leaving this earth and my Family (bros and sis's included) not skr8 financially	fear
	not the end of the world isn't until next week	fear
	He runs from falls into the pit!	fear
	not true I brake up with my hoes every week just let them no this shit could be over lmao Jp	fear
	Remember when was actually about zombies and not a middle class farming drama?   	fear
	I don't want a doctor touching my butt! D: I'm supposed to have one of THOSE exams since there has been hinus cancer in my family 	fear
	I hate when days go by with no message from him God please keep that soldier safe 	fear
	sells but only-buyers remorse-Don't buy anything thats sold by fear except maybe a good horror flick! Choose Love  Trust-not fear	fear
	I want to see what life is like without fear! What can i achieve if I weren't afraid!!? 	fear
	I would rather live with  in my heart than in my head 	fear
	Je suis le seul à la gare routière sans car à attendre alors que le mien part dans 7 minutes 	fear
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear - not absence of fear Mark Twain   	fear
	Je vais peut être même ne pas aller a Bailly pour continuer mon déploiement tiens 	fear
	but I have such mixed emotions about college I'm ready to leave Mag but nervous about the real world 	fear
	SOA finale part 1 tonight Is this the final season???  the reaper	fear
	No auto tune but u can feel the pain it all comes rushing out like i hit a vein 	fear
	Good thing I'm not totally consumed by and riddled with THE FEAR right now 	fear
	Plus que sept minutes avant le début du film et je suis encore dans le bus 	fear
	To fight fear act To increase fear wait put off postpone - David J Schwartz  	fear
	 you think they are talkin about you but find out it's not you that whole time lol damn would hate that 	fear
	Everyday I see people out here Dirty Dingy Begging Its cold out How do you sleep on a park bench? Dig through trash? 	fear
	MULTI COMBO KILL ! (avec des bisounours sadiques dedans)	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	still remains my biggest obstacle to overcome Woman down for a while 	fear
	Why do we  when we know for a fact that no one absolutely no one gets out alive anyway?	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I have no memory from sat either and was also suicidal for a few days 	fear
	I guarantee it would happen because I'd be burning the shit out of my mouth trying to drink it as fast as possible 	fear
	“wisdomalive: What is most painful about is that it inhibits movement at precisely the time that truth demands action”	fear
	my guess would be your privacy settings (read your overwhelming of stalkers)	fear
	3 RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	There's only two men I when it comes to a battle God  my shadow	fear
	i think im scared of what the future holds i was wishing for some things an now am used to those 	fear
	 Me acaba de llamar CBASIK para que le busque info sobre un tipo Me sentí re del FBI y a él lo sentí corte terrorista 	fear
	Some vague feeling gripes me everytime i think about the internet prescreening what the hell is happening?	fear
	lol ok alot of people me but a few  get to know me first then  me then ur fear r valid :)	fear
	lol ok alot of people me but a few  get to know me first then me then ur fear r valid :)	fear
	 RT Word is the Feds have my truck They are gonna have their hands full folding all those blankets	fear
	and love is our enemy and friend both we are afraid for losing control of our lives but fear and love let us know we live real XO	fear
	God I hate hospitals! Scare the shit out of me Doesn't help that the old lady beside Rachael appears to be getting the last rights 	fear
	Couple of douches in the back row for  and shitty sound guys were kind of distracting A bigger venue is also needed	fear
	enjoyed church service today!!!!well hav dis for all  ma frendsGOD n not humancos GOD is real n powerful!!:)	fear
	Fear is only as deep as the mind allows' — Japanese Proverb  	fear
	same I have the fear of my mum coming in and don't know why 	fear
	Omg how could I not know that Star Movies is showing Eclipse ! Shall watch that now and get the results off my mind 	fear
	i have an eerie feeling that im not going to do anything this weekend 	fear
	Do people really stay faithful in long distance relationships ? 	fear
	People will always  what they and fear what they don't understand Many people don't   I'm a 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	The  is supposed to the people And you call yourself a public servant We will teach you 	fear
	This life is overwhelming what you don't know	fear
	“Only one thing is more frightening than speaking your truth And that is not speaking” by   	fear
	Thanks for the the RT's and comments guys  Trying to decide where to post the set I'll let you guys know 	fear
	-What You Don't Know Expect The Unexpected	fear
	Give  credit they don't gender-discriminate  	fear
	Dont believe the lies look in my eyes Please don't be scared of mePlease don't be scared of meI remember youThis feeling isn't new 	fear
	Mon Interne me sort des bièresdevant la L1 du foot féminin 	fear
	Boxing my way of making a better man out of myself       	fear
	is nothing to be afraid of -- its just the door we push through to get to the other side	fear
	I think we go for people we know aren't right on purpose out of of ever having anything real	fear
	is failure and the forerunner of failure 	fear
	J'ai pu voir  à l'œuvre chez un ami j'adore Mais solo pas pour moi :/ 	fear
	is the cheapest room in the house I would like 2 see u living in better conditions~Hafiz of Persia 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Top things I'm scared of in order (animal kingdom) & rats aliens snakes lizards centipedes beesI hate them all 	fear
	That Feeling When You Hear An Airplane Descending You Think It's Comin Toward You 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Ugh cars scare the shit out of me 	fear
	Yes sir!! RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	You can't lead people who don't have love for you It only seems like they following because of 	fear
	Take off the spirit of and put on the spirit of 	fear
	 RT ChuckNorriz:  can find 27 ways of killing you in your room including the room itself	fear
	'Behold the  of the  that is wisdom And to depart from  is ✡Job 28:28	fear
	Dancing during Rent rehearsal tonight 	fear
	I Owe I Owe It's Off to Work I Go!! Honk If You're Paying My Mortgaage!   	fear
	Woke up to some out it texts from this morning Anyone know his whereabouts last night? Bet he's a para boy today! 	fear
	Amazing presentation on  students of  on campus   	fear
	 Hey meu Bruxo!! Hoje eu vi um fantasma pensei que fosse alguém e não era fui olhar e a pessoa desapareceueu vi tudo!! 	fear
	so my foots asleep and i am deathly scared a random lighter is gonna come out and attack it lol  	fear
	The clothing section in my Target smells of death 	fear
	Just found the butterfly from the back of an earring on my bedroom floor Mrs Kerr doesn't wear earrings It's about to pop off 	fear
	Je suis en TD j'ai pas fait mon taf et il reste 4 personnes pouvant être interrogée 	fear
	dont things just  what you didnt do and make sure you do them the next time you can	fear
	Is fear really the heart of love?    	fear
	Soo True!RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Your  shines when you are confronted with  reject itdeny itmock itcondemn itdemonize the tellerall because of 	fear
	Calculonimbus final tomorrow wish a  luck     	fear
	nee hoor ik loop zo wel even naar je toe 	fear
	In the firm clutch of the and with a 7am training session in the morning things aren't looking particularly promising	fear
	only 10 am and i feel a janet jackson-esque wardrobe malfunction coming on 	fear
	Watching probable for the 100th time now what a classic movie with stunning actor	fear
	Lack of  that makes people  of meeting challengesI  in myself~Muhammad Ali    	fear
	That moment when you've just tinkered with dd and your next boot reads Missing operating system 	fear
	Kinda upset didn't hit 120 this trip 	fear
	Its time to let go of my past n move forward goodbye 	fear
	I'm scared to learn cause I'm scared of truth 	fear
	is a primitive  that's your friendIt warns you to pay attention when ur in dangerit tells you to do or act to save yourself	fear
	Dear herald sun boat people are not flooding our suburbs 100 a month Aus wide is a drip in an ocean   	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear not absence of fear ~    	fear
	c est normal que les gens ne répondent pas aux mains pour les stages ? 	fear
	remember our troops are fighting for freedom and democracy so you only need to our enemies there's nothing behind the curtain	fear
	Some say  was brilliant perhaps but   always seek the lowest common denominator   	fear
	When a solider sticks his head up the wall more than once and gets it blown to pieces every timeDont expect him to do it anytime soon 	fear
	Every time we update ADT and the tools or SDK it costs me like a day of frustration and work stoppage  !	fear
	Why am I so easily distracted Never finishing cleaning my room at this rate  	fear
	Would you kindly get me into your podcast perhaps my real debut on YouTube from your channel? I was there remember? Sup	fear
	The ONLY reason  has suffered  is due to ingrained of male muscle impact down thru generations  	fear
	Probably 4 or 5 RT RaulityBites: attention  what time will everyone be getting in line for tomorrow?	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	is the weapon of choice that  uses against the saints of the Most HighFear   you won't have the fear of the world✡Prov2:5	fear
	OMG!  Chris just voiced concern that our  meeting tmrw might cause Jaxx more bullying  This is why the bullies win!! =(	fear
	Men like to proclaim their undying love after a few shots of    	fear
	Dear and scary developers: You almost killed me I hope you are now happy	fear
	Roommate got the flu shot Has the flu anyway 	fear
	 turned into hatred  violence in the human    ~ Stephenie Mayer	fear
	Can't wait to watch Factor again 	fear
	falling on stage tonight - gunna pretend to plank if it happens! thanks for the advice!!	fear
	I love when Nicole_Hhhh's dad is driving I feel like I'm on a roller coaster  	fear
	Note to self: do not put chick fil a biscuit in wrapper in the microwave Yes it caught fire Yes I had to put it out with my hands 	fear
	The of t/LORD is t/beginning of  all who  his precepts hv good understanding 2him belong  ~Ps111:10	fear
	A study suggests that laptop computers equipped with WiFi could be damaging to men's sperm 	fear
	The Day Where There's No Shelter  Deeds Are Ya Only Helper!    	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Playing NOW on Hardest: BYPO Radio Show Session  Full hour of popstar mainstream Hardcore set Tune in listen and enjoy	fear
	 Your is the one and only thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve-Cheryl Janecky  	fear
	Well the House of Representatives went from tax cuts for middle class to the threat of bio terrorism Of course 	fear
	I should have pictures from up later this week Seats weren't as good as last 2 events but still got a few good shots	fear
	ohh okaayy! I'll text you about 7? Keep those dogs away though pleasee :( you know I'm scared! 	fear
	““not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Why does knowing that is inevitably part of the process of any kind of creative or personal growth not EXEMPT you from feeling it?	fear
	Chaii RITA d devil is a lair o!GOD lol	fear
	Every time I walk by a drain I think I'm gonna drop my phone down it 	fear
	Have you ever looked fear in the face  say I just don't care? My answer is EVERYDAY! love within kills the fear  	fear
	U will meet two  but don't they both work faw 	fear
	After a basketball shower and beer run-break It is back on  	fear
	225HB: D-Line gettin dat ass smashed too These niggaz still not gone beat LSU Not a dought in my mind 	fear
	Gmorning Twittericans! Got woken up by puppy whimpers at 5am What have we done? has already settled in the pit of our stomachs 	fear
	When U can overcome physical  emotional urges U have arrived at your mind Within that sphere is a brain Use it!  	fear
	You know you are coming into foreign territory when you see black manicans in store windows 	fear
	thought it had me  was thinking wrong !	fear
	Good nights fun in Captain A's with the lads  could of done without the brownie with 4x4s in the morning 	fear
	Don't death but rather a life unlived You don't have to  forever you just have to 	fear
	 Put a snake in front of me and I'll pet it put a rat in its place and I will stop breathing 	fear
	 said As simbu is close friend of  wont release his movie  source zeetamil   	fear
	I seem to have lost my coffee mug between here and West Des Moines   	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	no one u give them the respect that is y that they the power Don't give em  makem earn it 	fear
	Driving back to sa and I think my gps has just taken me to the mexican side of austin	fear
	On the night of Super Dragon's return to action California will get so see the Dragon's Blood Full Moon Coincidence? Hell no 	fear
	God? You there? I know I don't talk to you much but please watch over me todat especially when I get home   	fear
	I don't understand! what was gonna end me?! 	fear
	our greatest is not that we are inadequate but that we are powerful beyond measure	fear
	Too weird to live too rare to die 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Retweet “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I think I'm scared of what the future holds I was wishing for some things and now I'm used to those 	fear
	i wanna bitch about my exams but would shit two bricks if i did so imma keep my mouth shut 	fear
	The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one  & Elbert Hubbard  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I can not wait till factor I LOVE THAT SHOW!!!!!! Missed watching it :-)	fear
	Bon oral passé Je sais si j'ai mon diplôme dans 2h environ 	fear
	from the  evolution  The efforts to Strategically Incapacitate the 99% have tripped the switch blown the breakers-- - of the 1%	fear
	And if my tears hold value I will drop one for everything you showed us 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Don't waste your day being busyMake sure you're productive by doing the things you don't want to do first  	fear
	You should have the of not living up to one's repentance and breaking one's promise	fear
	could it be their obsession with terrorism  of attacks Jus asking	fear
	i promise to take care of my eyes for my own future in the industry :| 	fear
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions Tyranny	fear
	I didnt like how I did personally but it was my 1st try after a couple more I'll know how to be funny and rap in front of a camera 	fear
	My brothers friends say they saw a UFO  	fear
	Ima sexy niqqa but sometimes my confidence level is on a all time low 	fear
	Premature wrinkles  grey hair 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 watch   fade when you   is a time to be surrounded by    freethehikers	fear
	leads to  anger leads to  hate 	fear
	not ever having a beautiful marriage that last a lifetime	fear
	Love Watching people get scared   its infectious just like AID's  or the fear of aids	fear
	 ft is the 2nd Leak off Dropping Next Week	fear
	Had the biggest crush on her in highschool but never had the balls to tell her of being shot down	fear
	Non ? Genre avec Andy Woody Monsieur Patate et tout ?! 	fear
	i love how i type ch and the first thing that comes up is chupacabra lol   (i really do believe in him) :)	fear
	 is short   is rare  is bad  is awful   are sweet 	fear
	*Amen to this---RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Erase all and  in your mind if u want to reach 	fear
	yes! It also fills me with angst Fear of leaving people out fear of offending Friday	fear
	Just logged into a bogus google email account I have (for login purposes) Staggered at how much they know/have assimilated about me 	fear
	Niggas be tryn to play females like they a piece of meatthats why i  no man and damn sure no  shawty	fear
	is used to control and limit choiceFear NOTHING!	fear
	Great day nba is back and Kentucky beat tennessee the joker  tweet	fear
	and if my tears hold value then i would drop one for every single thing he showed us 	fear
	factor is back tomorrow!	fear
	I POP BOTTLES CUZ I BOTTLE MY EMOTIONS!  please don't be scared of me	fear
	This song played when mark walberg banged Reese whitherspoon on the roller coaster 	fear
	You gain   and  by every  in which you really stop to look in the face	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	fucking tigerfish fucking earth shakingly terrrible 	fear
	BenForggiven if anyone fears the  they'll find any excuse to not  It's not that the message is wrong It's only their 	fear
	I hate when i like someone a lot  bout to back away 	fear
	My pride is going to backfire on me one day 	fear
	Sad stories like this make me angry and sad all at onceemotions are running wild this eve    	fear
	Yummy RT deltops: God forbid y wld I eat rat for $50000 factor sucks	fear
	God! Need to hide from  It's so unsafe! There is a creep!!!  	fear
	☯ Hit the Delete Button - Every Time Fear Appears! ~Wayne Dyer (RT WayneDyerQuotes)  ✔YES!	fear
	has me bad for the 2nd wkend on the trot lie on til 12 is a must	fear
	It says the  wants to keep people  that's what it says is a great tool 4   silencing 	fear
	I have hurt the ones that love me cuz you don't  	fear
	and it dont matter if ur single or not! i have a beautiful missus as u know but this is the 2nd time in a week for me 	fear
	Eaa jleb RT gilbhas: Lo ga takut untuk mencintai yang lo takutin adalah tidak dicintai balik  	fear
	is the source of  Don't be scared we're all One  	fear
	Do the thing you fear and the death of fear is certain! ~Ralph Waldo Emerson  	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	No sleep today can't even rest when the sun's down 	fear
	Fear of public speaking is greater than death I'd rather present my presentation over death personally What about you?  	fear
	Oh god! I swear this is freakin me out!! I feel they're talkin about me! 	fear
	Seeing your photos that twitter has some startled me it seems that you have a demon inside the body 	fear
	Lions? Nope Tigers? Nope Bears? Nope You? Yup 	fear
	My nigger lived for 6 years thinking he was HIV+ because his ex died of it and he tested for the 1st time this week and came out HIV- 	fear
	But straightway Jesus spake unto them saying  Be of good cheer  it is I be not afraid Matthew 14:27 	fear
	secretsunday: when i was little i used to play Factor with my little sister and now i think of it and its just too funnny :D	fear
	Me too Actual %'s seem less important than psychology behind it I know so many biz savvy Gen Xers who still resist 	fear
	I dread to even think what would happen if I ever come across a rat 	fear
	Ofcourse I am since last night But humble humble and slowly taking profit Won't go at once unless hits big time	fear
	Ah mais faut crier sur un soft pour qu'il fonctionne ok ok ok  : insultes+rage = du soft work \0/	fear
	Beep you too! Scary chick  	fear
	What's going to happen when we pass the watershed?? 	fear
	drizzy all time favorite song by him :) RT bitemerosee: I think this is called venting?	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Arrest the spirit of       NOW! Then Declare that U are  NOW!! YES!	fear
	Adventures class is getting outt of hand they got us zip lining from 40feet in the air of heights  this class is done	fear
	agreed and to top it all off your stag is over:-( terrible Tuesday to look forward to! 	fear
	Happy birthday  Birthday beats are in the post   	fear
	Ben Howard- sounds pretty good	fear
	si anche in quella non sono per niente brava çç io il 20 ho i ricevimenti generali con i genitori D: 	fear
	There is no in  but perfect love casteth out fear  [Bible 1 John 4:18]	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Yeshua is the cure for all diseases this is y the world try to discourage many from serving him They know his power and truth  	fear
	This makes my weekend better Get my car back and going to  	fear
	I have a fear that when I order diet coke  they will give me real coke a cola 	fear
	Gays will ruin everything anyone who doesn't agree with me is a communist Obama is going to ruin us all etc etc 	fear
	CAN'T EXPLAIN THESE FEELINGS VERBALLY BUT EMOTIONALLY THEY FLOWSO INSTEAD OF SAYING ANYTHING I SAY NOTHINGI'M GOOD AT AVOIDING!! 	fear
	I Do Believe That There's A Love u Wanna Share ' I'll Take Good Care Of u Lady Have No 	fear
	The Drizzy Effect! This mixtape for me is probably the best project outta YMCMB alone is one hell of a track!	fear
	This is me Still the same They want the hits I play the game No auto tune but you can feel the pain It all comes spilling out	fear
	Milwaukee Bucks Doin things this year the deer	fear
	Writing the Happy Monday presentation At midnight On a Sunday Not sure quite how happy it will be 	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	Ain't gonna lie much more excited to see at then Super Dragon even if they're the same person	fear
	La directrice ce matin vient le ton grave pour parler de ma situation 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	and loathing my man fear and loathing -Hunter S Thompson 	fear
	how is avocado on a sandwich?  Curious 2 try but don't wanna waste a sandwich lol	fear
	Bible study tonight today's topic 	fear
	RT«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	me too I heard its like another ATL We been wanting to relocate! 	fear
	of losing my spark haunts me everyday	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I wish tomorrow would just skip! tomorrow I have to give a speech D: and do my ethics presentation! D: imma die bro! 	fear
	Aller chez une  ce week-end en ayant les ongles rongés et croutés 	fear
	Know I spend money cause spending time is hopeless Know I pop bottles cause I bottle my emotions Atleast I put it all in the open 	fear
	Nervous for my presentation in 2 hours of public speaking	fear
	Do you really know the person that you're gonna marry? There's always a side of them that you'll find out after you tie the knot 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	lip it no man  no bitch	fear
	The best thing about winter is that I rarely ever see any bugs! :) 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	U cnt operate a  by fear b/c the way 2 eliminate is 2 avoid   the way 2 avoid criticism is 2 do nothing	fear
	Its Ok For U To UnFollow Me But Me  My Team Will Serve Up Repercussion's Exothermodynamic Repercussions  	fear
	OMFG ! Vous devez utiliser Internet Explorer pour visualiser ce site  	fear
	I can't force this heartache  regret from my mind Sorry could that ever be enough?    	fear
	it just hit me that you will be influencing young minds for years to come 	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	Fantastic Expectations Amazing Revelations 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	lo bueno:   Factory lo malo: sin  sin  y 1 miserable hr de 	fear
	If you want to conquer fear don't sit home and think about it Go out and get busy& over 	fear
	Props to for beating me many times over in lazer tag - WITH a broken ankle  	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Make sure that you've killed  and in from your life Don't let anyone or anything make you fear or intimidate Be 	fear
	C'est au minimum ce que j'ai chaque matin dans ma boite pro Demain je reviens après 4 jours d'absence 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	dessy008: RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	of mine  when i become famous  my past will come back to haunt me  badly 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	we'l have to try new places more often I'm a bit worse for wear though Stomachs full of booze hands shaking 	fear
	But be sure to the Lord and serve him faithfully with all your  consider what great things he has done for you	fear
	Must this happen every single time a guy tells me he likes me of being hurt :/	fear
	“KurtSchlichter: How about some napalm? MT keder: Re Newt's answer on Palestine  don't be afraid of the truth	fear
	Yeah true I hate vomiting of mine so definitely sticking to 4! I had 6 today LOL	fear
	A man who is not walking in doesn't understand the language of a man walking in his 	fear
	to aki no meu quarto sozinho jogando silent hill 4 !	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	is a NEGATIVE faithWhat you  is what you'll ATTRACT 	fear
	khans Guno get knocked out  show boating is a sign of 	fear
	Une salle d'attente chez le médecin Un mec Moi Du Cabrel à la radio Le mec me fixe depuis 5 minutes 	fear
	You Know I Spend Money Because Spending Time Is Hopeless 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	was made for survival mechanisms that save us in times of danger But I survived I'm ready to 	fear
	Failure seldom stops you What stops you is the of failure – Jack Lemmon    	fear
	 1st half results Taylors d TJP/King Roddy d Red Dynasty/Rosas/Avalon d B/Kaddy/LeRae/B-Boy Mack d Hero RockNES d Future Shock	fear
	It's good to be aware that a certain amount of is going to accompany every change in your life - change for worse or better	fear
	whenever someone says my middle name i get nervous cuz thats what my mom calls me when shes angry that 	fear
	Je me fais stalker sur  par un mec de l'âge de mon père je l'ai refusé en ami mais il like tout ce que je fais en public 	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	the when your iphone turns itself off and won't come back on :-S haluckily she is okay :)	fear
	I have never had a pomelo! They're so giant I'm scared to buy one In Superstore they're all COME AT ME BRO 	fear
	will have you doubting what God is doing in your life Don't allow it to creep in and steal what you've been praying for 	fear
	Zerando novamente só que em high details É outro jogo mas realmente mereceu o Game Critics Awards da época	fear
	last nightmare: a man who kidnapped my son and than shot a bullet in my head 	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Close this chapter  have a brand new beginning~ Afraid of being hurt so i'm paralysed into non-action	fear
	on their calendar like how mad are you? smh there isn't one player in the NBA I feel has ever had that impact where you're already in 	fear
	I'm trying to astral project myself to Reseda 	fear
	Am not suprise total defination of what we rep in Naija always dont wanna say the truth He is a weaklen simple RT biblicious	fear
	the way tears r rollin down ryt nw its makin me feel so unsafesucha cruel worldhearin this stuff jus scares the hell outta me! 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	why would anyone protest here? what's to about low low prices and so many great jobs at places like wal-mart  mcdonalds?	fear
	I would make a lovely mother but I would HATE to go thru with the pregnancy and give birth 	fear
	 is an emotion thats overrated  is an emotion thats out of control bt i like fear fear keeps you sharp 	fear
	Where were you when the Euro broke up? Time to get ready for that moment in history I'm afraid	fear
	Hear no evil no evil	fear
	There is no room for both  and  no room for and the  I  in the  and he shall direct my steps	fear
	Quote:  I have a weekly column ‘Diary of a slightly mad single mummy’ in The Chichester News  	fear
	I literally am going to jump up and down and scream whenever this last public speaking presentation is done 	fear
	think this was 4 RT MaxwellOwusu the way i miss u lot eh tell Obaa Yaa i'm coming home FIFA 12	fear
	i like how the  rules say they may conduct a background check on you don't though it may not hurt your chances!	fear
	Sitting in the dentist waiting room! Oh joy Scared like a 6 year old again  as I hate it 	fear
	Fun entertaining match at last night vs Togo Picked up the Los Angelitos de Generico shirt last night Thanks 4 signing	fear
	A BEAUTIFUL WOMANS GREATEST IS BEING NOTHIN MORE THAN A BABY MOMMA!  O_o	fear
	Not looking forward to the release of uni results tomorrow  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	excited to go home but scared to fly 	fear
	Can't even describe the anxiety I have at the gym when I pull on the locker room door at the exact same time someone is pushing on it 	fear
	If your child is  reassure her something will be done about it to provide psychological relief from 	fear
	It is not possible to cure a fear of stairs by taking it one step at a time    	fear
	To live in is a life half-lived  Spanish Proverb	fear
	trying a tuna fish sandwich	fear
	ya n conform news he didnt mock our thalivan 	fear
	I'm screaming for help n no one hears me my composer is guna b lost 	fear
	Mi padre ya está en el Hospital D:	fear
	Love turn in2  atehate turn in2 	fear
	Google maps street view muestra una clinica de proctologia en la direccion que me dieron para una fiesta Creo que no ire 	fear
	A talk with my mum made me realise how afraid and unprepared I am for my future 	fear
	will cause you to lose before you even try while  gives you the will to win without knowing the outcome	fear
	I feel weak very very weak! I wish I could have the same persistence and courage of those in   	fear
	Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something ~ Smith   	fear
	is thr ugliest most disgusting deplorable thing I can think of It ruins my life Would you cowards knock it off!	fear
	take a look at what your worrying scared or nervous about its usually a lot smaller than you think don't let stop you	fear
	JulioSanties: Those were HORRIBLE ideas I KNOW RIGHT! And my boyfriend just bust in the door  	fear
	I have no idea what my life will look like a year from now    	fear
	Customer who collects pens just gave me one from her collection its discontinued I'm afraid to use it It comes in its own box 	fear
	Playing NOW on Hardest: BYZPO Radio Show Session  Tune in listen and enjoy 	fear
	More people public speaking than death  	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	I have an intense of screwing in lightbulbs because I feel like it's going to shatter in my hands	fear
	B4 u were in my life I was afraid of loneliness  with u in my life I am scared of you leaving To be  u must first accept 	fear
	Too many people too small a room This is fucking nuts  	fear
	Et merde j'vais devoir retirer de l'argent sur Roubaix j'ai plus le temps d'aller dans ma ville 	fear
	1 of the guys in this movie is the same guy who got killed in the movie 	fear
	here's a code 4 u to review: ERL7AWH3THL7  on sale  2  4  ages 2-8 years on 	fear
	Philophobia of emotional attachment Fear of being in or falling in love	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions 	fear
	Going to miss everyone had a great weekend with my team and the whole crew of 	fear
	Listening to Drake  thats my first time hearing that line :/	fear
	 Give up our liberties and freedoms and we have succumbed to terror GOP Steal our freedom in the name of  	fear
	If  talk goes in faith talk should come out in and fear normally comes out No surprise just the law of sowing and reaping	fear
	NYC terror plot foiled yesterday but  waits until prime time Sunday to announce it  Yeah Right     	fear
	Working on a message on  Fearing failure subjectively drives us into the arms of security where we usually die but never really live	fear
	Nothing in life is to be feared & is only to be understood no man	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	One thing I can't stand  Niggas that  feed off of     live by it	fear
	 slipping in public surrounded by a million people 	fear
	I'll be standing in a puddle I stay away from niggas that could land me in some trouble 	fear
	This wind and rain is out of control! 	fear
	What should I do When all I do is trust you But you show other wise'3 & out today Feeling that 	fear
	is a crazy ass fucking movie I googled what happens and its still fucking crazy	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Habisxzxzxs! ADIK DAPAT RACKET MAMPUS ANYTIME KENA PUKUL HAHA FUCK EVERYTHING AND RUN	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	you gotta get a lil rowdy for the fsu and gator game!!!!!! THE SPEAR	fear
	Going to attempt to learn how to swimGotta tackle this fear somehow keyword    	fear
	Freaked out for the entire day sigh 	fear
	Excitement and are a matched pair  Excitement without  is not excitement    	fear
	100% Real Talk brother   	fear
	get that picture of getting sick on saturday night up  	fear
	Mon lead et mon DT installent SC2 sur leurs postes en ce moment même 	fear
	same reason people talk behind other peoples backs 	fear
	My Friend is on today's Factor anyone know how I can watch it in the UK?!!!!	fear
	: Until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore you will not know the terror of being forever lost at sea	fear
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Même pour un vieux film rien que le trailer a réussi à me dégoûter Et j'ai même pas pu le regarder en entier  	fear
	Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears ~ Les Brown     	fear
	Anger is just fear turned inwards 	fear
	Almost ruined my knee again of injury	fear
	Black Friday shopping I have no idea what I'm in for 	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	I'm mad at how you made  thang'll  a word! Lmfao RT TJ_TheFlyOne:   n da same thang'll tak yu a long way	fear
	robs you of the future by binding you in the present   	fear
	Planet earth is moving through an energy cloud by 2012 the Mankind will have evolved Mentally*Spiritually*Physically - The this!	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Order your DVD and listen to gush about Pujols Wilson and the Angels on commentary 	fear
	same here on at 9 Not looking forward too it at all dude Plus iv too get past the tonight 	fear
	A voir les TT et les LT on dirait que les gens ont vraiment regardé miss france 0_0 	fear
	Kids be always asking me 'yo we got no beef right!? We cool?!' Lmao me for no reason 	fear
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	lool oh you'll see me saadon't be ok? Plusyou've still not told me where and wwhen I saw you!!la	fear
	Don't let hold you back from achieving your greatness	fear
	Ew the sight of a spider makes my stomach quesy 	fear
	Resistance drives stress and fear If we don’t resist life things flow  	fear
	La paura di rimanere solo non è mai stata tanto forte 	fear
	watching say yes to the dress: big bliss this makes me wanna never get that big 	fear
	Former  who were   now speak without and openly  for your  and  tomorrow 	fear
	Face your problems face your fear 	fear
	More stoked to nerd it up on Twitter anticipating live results	fear
	Watching the new Factor episode love this show	fear
	c bizarre j'ose même pas dire pas cap lol caroo59	fear
	My friends very nervous with their speech 	fear
	I wouldn't be either if I were youRT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Dear cat please stop making eye contact with me I am afraid you are going to pounce Sincerely me 	fear
	It was lots of fun at with and DJ_En3rgy Weren't too many obnoxious douches last night	fear
	Factor Coming Back Yay!!!!!!!!	fear
	is a friend that you misunderstood but I know the  is good	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	OH MY GOD! Bit slow but I've only just realised the 16th is only a week away! :O 	fear
	You're not afraid of the dark you're afraid of what's in it 	fear
	It's like your lover or more like a ghost I spend the day wondering what you do where you go 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Don't ever feed into because it makes you lose sight of what's most important	fear
	 NO HOE NO BITCH!!!!!! THESE NIGHAZ BEEN OFF DA MAP IAM ON SUM OTHA SHIT KNWS IAM:)BLESSED	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	No material object   pleasure or  can exist within a present moment I am free within present moment with joy  bliss	fear
	Wonder how almost a whole week at home will feel  	fear
	Some Zimbabwe's citizens are afraid to talk of Mugabi on camera 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Letting go is a slow process however many have yet to even begin the process of the unknown	fear
	yes they use words 2cover facts for Israelis  foreigners capitalizing on unawareness 2spread  get support 	fear
	 when people have their iPods up way to loud I am becoming one through weareloonlake Woops	fear
	america is the new north korea china germany and russia we're the military controlled self-spying censoring paranoid antagonists 	fear
	I am trying to stay strong for my lil banana but Idk how much more I can handle 	fear
	well if your family has pork for dinner tomorrow they may not be al qaeda but listen for talk of insurrection and anyways	fear
	Had my first real nightmare in years Still trying to get my pulse down  	fear
	I think I'm scared of what the future holds I was wishing for some things but now I am used to those 	fear
	The feeling that u have knowing everything u worked for is hanging in the balance all depends on one meeting  	fear
	The Same Niggas Keeping my NAME in they MOUTH but they aint saying to my face The taking over these lil guys  	fear
	It's ok to be afraid as long as your  out ways your  :)	fear
	That even more awkward moment when you have access commas 	fear
	You know I spend money cause spending time is hopeless and know I pop bottles cause i bottle my emotions  	fear
	N E V E R LET A BITCH NOR BITCH NIGGA PUT A N Y IN YO 3 -___-	fear
	Morning break cold wet and windswept brings a bit of excitement to being up on a roof 	fear
	i was thinking the same thing not really but i love ur wise wrestling observations  i have the bad tonight	fear
	i& is trusting in the good  fear is putting your trust in the bad    	fear
	I've said it before and I'll say it again if you live in then  will win It's a battle within you  overrules Fear!	fear
	fear nothing  false evidence appearing real telling you fear something - 	fear
	is a monster under your bed intimidating you He forbids you to move through terror keeping U from walking in open doors  	fear
	I just told my mom that I'm maybe not going to college next year She's freaking out 	fear
	Read my last Tweet to discover another form of slavery How much more     	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	3 test today Passed 2! Yay for me!!!  But Lord I need your help on this next one!  +  + 	fear
	 Vale Vale si super Facil jejeje D: ! siii esta super  D: miralo y veres :( Pero hazlo es mejor hacerlo ha que no D: 	fear
	Believe me you want your to fail and your  to succeed!  Close every  door your fear has opened  	fear
	Great lost my laser and my dignity somewhere in village last night 	fear
	I have no idea why but whilst my brother boasts about his good O's results which he did not study for I'm afraid I'd lose to him 	fear
	Amen RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Don't believe the Lies  look me in My eyes and please don't Be scared of Me jtm	fear
	Courage is the path that leads from to action ~ Christian McCormack  	fear
	Soon as you make a move in da city here go crab tryna pull u back down! 	fear
	Don't believe the lightslook me in my eyes…please don't be scared of me 	fear
	is suck a Big x Strong word	fear
	can B a healthy early warning system if it keeps us out of dangerbut its important not 2 let our life B ruled by fear	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Morden Warfare RT DashCruise: JUGGERNAUT: a literal or metaphorical force regarded as mercilessly destructive and unstoppable 	fear
	 of something u need 2 do? releases chemicals in ur body 2 propel u ahead Use that boost 2 push thru the  U can!	fear
	I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	And so the dawning of the much anticipated hen day/night has arriveddun dun dun!!!!! 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 Scary ppl killin outta Amazing Intresting Fact  -   Gary Indiana is the murder capital of the US - probably the world	fear
	that Kirk Franklin go hard! 	fear
	I Can Sing  ! Only Wen I Really Like A Song Though  ! Curse You Of Singing In Frnt Of Ppl	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 - great time to think about how to make  to our world one of    free from  	fear
	Buy for vs alone!!!! Omg that match was amazing!!!! 	fear
	I don't much but I'm very much afraid of what I'm starting to feel	fear
	Just heard the strangest noise outside ever sounded like a goat yet my minds convinced me its something ready to abduct me 	fear
	You should anything including God God only wants love	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	losing someone close to me and not knowing how to cope	fear
	Just watched Single White Female It's the  reason the only roommate I've ever had was my sisterand of course my husband 	fear
	I'm looking right in the eye and sayin'  Get The Fuck Out My Way I've Got Things To Do!	fear
	Damn it feels good not to live in 	fear
	After a lunchtime excursion around the Newcastle shops I can only assume that there's a lot of people without mirrors in their house 	fear
	the strongest most ancient most driving emotion known to man you can relate every belief any human has to Fear	fear
	It's time for me to open my heart and love again 	fear
	I live in constantlybecause my  cusions psychosome people need help	fear
	Why yes I AM writing the best script of my entire life because there are two guns to my head one's called and the other 	fear
	Crime has nvr been lower Why do   keep screaming for more police  bigger jails? 	fear
	Now they experience similar dilemma as their customers do b4 outsourcing RTIT firms not yet ready to shift to cloud 	fear
	««not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »»	fear
	 updating my UEFI BIOS tomorrow  first time the new one :/ - lets hope  go away with it --	fear
	Suddenly I feel vulnerable 	fear
	odio esa sensación de muerte inminente en un examen final 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Those single seats available 4 the Boston game r behind the Bruins bench C'mon fans put your $$$ where your mouths r   	fear
	I'm Really gettin SCARED about this Diabetes Issue! Will I be  by the time I Enter My 40's Too?!? BEFORE!? :-( I Know  :-(	fear
	I like this!not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	God blesswhen I drive with my mom I fear for my life   	fear
	This would be the worse day for anyone to get blocked by 	fear
	Have been sitting underneath a giant fucking moth for who knows how long Shoulda seem me bolt out of the room when I saw it 	fear
	Going to go to the coin laundry tomorrow - hope I don't leave anything behind nor ruin anything 	fear
	I was goin to bring it do u want it at corners coz u want it at the end of today then?  	fear
	I want to dream again  so the nightmares will stop havent hd this much nightmares in a row :(  	fear
	I'm gonna keep it honest I'm so tired of being subtle 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Maaaa Dove cazzo sono tutti oggi? Mi sembra di essere in io sono leggenda  	fear
	The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true  -Martha Beck	fear
	 in awareness rather then looking back in  or looking forward with 	fear
	always do the things you're afraid to doovercome 	fear
	I want to do my  show on fear What are tweet people afraid of? 	fear
	When a Republican says shining city I think they really mean night light Lots to fear when u choose to live in the dark  	fear
	yeah thats prob it  To save face sombodby feelings or not lose someone 	fear
	factor tears for rachel crow:(	fear
	K_Slaugh_xoxo: : Until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore you will not know the terror of being forever lost at sea	fear
	much of my prayer focuses on my of the world Like I don't believe 1 John 44-He who is in you is greater than he who is in the world	fear
	Random: I hope my body don't go to hell after i have a baby ugggghggggggg :-(	fear
	I'm forcing myself to eat right now so I don't collapse on stage 	fear
	OAP women DOMINATE the Post Office queue  guard it with their lives 	fear
	Right?! -- I continually try to banish that word from my thinking :)	fear
	not ever providing my parents with grandchildren i am an only child	fear
	U never know what ur good at till you try! Don't let  control ur life! Attack ur fears!  	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I'm not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	There is a really thick black line through twitter should I be scared?  	fear
	l will sleep back nah Good darky cold nite 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	factor is coming back on Monday wahooo I love that show	fear
	doubt is the root of all  that would make  the strongest thing on earth!!!	fear
	Dont release inside me syndrome 	fear
	Both my parents are dropping me to school today 	fear
	what you think just by damaging car or putting opsticles will prevent me from my opinions thoughtsas long i have RED WHITE  blueNO 	fear
	Oh! I just raid these red ants can bite in our airways They get swollen and the person will have to be hospitalizedAnd i ate many :(	fear
	bet your flappin the now ya wee panic merchant with the weather 	fear
	Sort of fitting that I would watch Defending Your Life today 	fear
	edu aaa Go church small! Aaaaaarggh Unodey God kraaa  Hahaha	fear
	The part where David chases down Gary in the woods  snaps his neck- is crazy 	fear
	Adjacent to the King I no human being	fear
	I'm scared the day I grow old the day my parents won't be in this world 	fear
	Fxck all y'all we ignore feelings here premature millionaires welcome to our realist year 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Corporate religious and government agencies do not want you to feel free They don't want you to get comfortable and enjoy yourself 	fear
	Cool acronym for FEAR = False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	I obey no border I need no papers I ask no permission I have no title I no man I have no  -   	fear
	I hate it when ppl dont do shit cuz they are scared! Dont live ur life in fear thats stupid! Ur gona die one day accept it n have fun! 	fear
	E agora foi aquela hora que eu escuto a escada de madeira ranger e olho procurando algo checo a porta do sótão abaixo o som e espero 	fear
	haha I feel dreadful don't even feel alive 	fear
	Love this♥RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 Basketball in 40 minutes  is going down the Beak	fear
	Homer put the into anyone who even thought about claiming Walker  	fear
	the moment U stop thinking and you are gone we think to make decisions not to upset ourselves   the other thinking is 	fear
	Listen to your but don't obey it Seth Godin	fear
	:S  vamos copy tienes que ser el hombre fuerte!!! ya tienes cel de nuevo? me lo pasas?	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	so afraid of abandonmenti need to stop thinking so much 	fear
	Trust No nigga bc they your potential trust No women bc all they  is your potential 	fear
	Don't ever test a nigga if ur afraid to die rules the living	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	When you something you'll end up watching others create the value that you  but you deserve to endure it because u paused	fear
	About to have jet black hair in about twenty minutes  Can see how dark it looks already 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	 God and you'll have no reason to fear anything/anyone else!	fear
	Found my notes when I was experimenting with lucid dreaming I can But it scares the hell out of me  	fear
	i dont think i would do a surgery on my self just knowing they put yew to sleep gets em scared wut if yew dont wake up =/ 	fear
	In the long run anytime we avoid doing the right thing out of fear we die a little inside - John Ortberg  	fear
	what you don't know   the world don't ask me for 	fear
	for real) a person snaking you will never be above you that's why they snakes and stand beneath youand cause of that 	fear
	Et là mon coeur s'est arrêté de battre J'ai cru que nous étions le 17 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I am SO terrified of outside when it is dark out I feel like someone is going to come snatch me up! 	fear
	Ppl have a hard time letting go of their suffering Out of fear of the unknown they prefer suffering that's familiar - 	fear
	 you are building walls and afraid to open up 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom: a good understanding have all they that do his commandments& 111:10 	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	My view of Egypt summed in 2 contradicting words and  Love you Egypt	fear
	“BiancaEnne: and  have equivalent power The first moves you backward and the second moves you forward ”	fear
	& in jest  I dare say if we ever did meet time and space would probably collapse around us 	fear
	Why are we fighting Alma again? She's entitled to her revenge we should be helping her dammit 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	il y a donc encore des digital natives qui ne connaissent pas twitter ? 	fear
	Ya mejor me ire a dormir :S im scared haha alrato d seguro terminare pasandome al cuarto d mi mama xD 	fear
	My greatest is sitting in front of thousands of people while my  search history is being read aloud	fear
	I think I'm scared of what of the future holds I was wishin for some things and now I'm use to those 	fear
	vu qu'on y retourne plus par la suite 	fear
	they were a big part if my life too Ian brown too 	fear
	:D RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	AMEN brother!! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Too weird to live  and too rare to die 	fear
	People think i've change just cause my feelings grown 	fear
	J'ai peur d’aller sur wikipedia  il y a chuck Norrris qui me regarde et me demande de l'argent  	fear
	Every One has The Right to Hear The Good News of The Gospel Of The Kingdom !  v    v     	fear
	clouds ur judgement in    matters confront it  don't avoid it	fear
	I want and I don't want to grow up I don't know what waits for me in the future Can be good and bad 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Let go  stop fearing the god(s) you say you love  honorYour thoughts create these emotions of fear    	fear
	This dentist is going to destroy my face 	fear
	For anyone that says their not afraid of the dark I will let you walk into any 1 of the blacked out theaters  	fear
	“TheRealAmor: When guys get jealous it's kinda cute (': When girls get jealous World war III is about to starttruth ms general Amor 	fear
	we can't stop here this is DRONE country! 	fear
	And it's windy I will never be able to sleep right! Why do I wind --	fear
	I think i want to talk to you about it all but then again im afraid of humiliation and rejection 	fear
	My only now is that my phone's battery runs out of charge!	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	Remember when life's path is steep to keep your mind even~Horace &     	fear
	Please don't don't scared of me 	fear
	Funny how some guys always go abroad for medical treatment  pres in stable condition at a Dubai hospital	fear
	FACTOR KUMMIN BACK ONN ICANT WAIT	fear
	A oui le melangeur je branche ma souris le son chrome monte je la debranche le son baisse 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	C'est la tempête ici!!!!! J'ose pas ouvrir les volets pour voir ce qu'il ce trame dehors J’espère que pour ma mère tout va bien 	fear
	Ahhh nice nice :) im scared to play infield soo much I get nervous during drills if im short stop! Lol	fear
	it's the start of something beautiful horror beautiful MetalCinephile/horror  	fear
	attention  what time will everyone be getting in line for tomorrow?	fear
	 2012 the shift speeds up get on ya higher level of thinking break that it's all in ya  don't let it hold u down	fear
	I reached 21 and still picture the closet as a huge ghost in the dark I wish I could sleep in my parents room right now  	fear
	I have to pee but I don't wanna stop this game  	fear
	Car OUI la StarAc' n'est pas morte outre-Atlantique 	fear
	I had fail of a weekend Forgot laptop for  forgot samples for persil forgot figs for menswear Lol 	fear
	It's good to be aware that a certain amount of is going to accompany every change in your life - change for worse or better 	fear
	 when no footballer wanted to risk contesting for a ball in the air with Bensela of Head	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I don't like this I'm nervous to stumble I feel like everyone can see me 	fear
	Realizing U have   should give U a level of  that will help U fend of from ever getting into your heart	fear
	is the serving dish for the great Entree called 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	hahahaha I mean I didn't know how I was gna tackle it but I've done a 10 page layout so I've direction Abu time lol 	fear
	“SWHS_Tae: Ctfu I still ain't get it back im supposed to get it back tomorrow” 	fear
	Lo ga takut kegelapan yang lo takutin adalah apa yang ada di dalam kegelapan itu 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	clouds ur judgement in both    matters confront it  don't avoid it	fear
	211211  And they All Askin Bout the Symbolism thou	fear
	 paralyzes God's workSatan can use peoplepast pain to lose our focusNow in bondageBreak free!See Exodus 6:1-12 	fear
	every bar back home looks like a wedding reception 	fear
	Regreting what you failed to go for before doesnt always give you the courage to do so the next time 	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	I dying broke Thats y I stack 	fear
	eating bugs  shitt  that made me throw up!Factor	fear
	Standing on the train cos I don't like sitting next to strangers 	fear
	Be of good courage and not for Jesus Christ is right now working on your behalf and His zeal for you will perform thisIsaiah 9:7 	fear
	It's such a scary game If they invest in 2 you won't be getting ANY sleep ]	fear
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Just had a mini war with a spider It won and now I'm a victim in my own home 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	There is food There is also a larger crowd here than I have ever seen at this time 	fear
	my only fear is losing my son 	fear
	I always let em take dat walk without running after them but why when i want em too stay 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Imam Ali (as) Two things cause people to be destroyed (and lead unto Hell) of poverty and seeking superiority through 	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	Want someone to hold me and mind me hint hint 	fear
	You know I spend money because spending time is hopeless 	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	I'm on a military base in Florida having flashbacks of Ranger School 	fear
	Demain je passe l'après midi seul avec dans une cave Ca sent le kwakontest rectibrosse 	fear
	Fear is Strong than love is STRONGER than 	fear
	I reckon Fatima has battered all the camp-mates whilst shouting Ray Winstone style 'Who's the fucking daddy now?!' 	fear
	A voir ma TL je me dis que ça sonne Et que la caserne des pompiers est trèèèès loin du bureau 	fear
	i cant wait for the future though ive been wishing for some things but now im used to those  	fear
	Irdk why I just got bent out of shape probably just cause i've been stabbed in back once you're gonna do it again	fear
	The sh*t has just hit the metaphorical fan   	fear
	I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today   - Rev Run	fear
	“Morr_ell6: Can't wait to watch Factor again ”ftw	fear
	These are not emotions They are simply irrational thoughts feeding off of an emotion 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 J'ai eu le même coup cette semaine en écoutant Yelle 2 heures après Amazon me proposait d'acheter les albums 	fear
	Ce soir l'ordi de la Deauville a remis tous les compteur à zéro (sauf km total) comme si j'avais débranché la batterie cc fabvil	fear
	Jesus Christ! The seagulls here are the size of small children! 	fear
	The way to develop self-confidence is to do the thing you fear William Jennings Bryan 	fear
	can't Fear a damn thing want a thing	fear
	We've shown the kids a mocked up email from Santa expressing concern  they might be moved off the Nice list unless they behave 	fear
	Alma is a bloody sketchy bitch scuttling everywhere all naked and shit D: You played all 3 of them? 	fear
	ou j'ai peur de la suite 	fear
	Yeah thanks I'll need that He might over Novocaine me and ruin my face for life ): 	fear
	The biggest obstacle to  in your life right now is your lack of  is absence of faith   	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	ton addiction à la chair putréfiée et aux scènes anthropophages me fait légèrement flipper 	fear
	To live a  life we must lose our of being wrong  ~Joseph Chilton Pearce /via thatwiseyogi	fear
	Dear FoxandFriends because some kids family loves to sue 	fear
	is temporary regret is permanent	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  RevRunWisdom	fear
	Feeling my usual  and tonight Sleep? 	fear
	The thing with is you can run away from it but it won't stop until you learn to face it	fear
	*PRIE POUR QUE LE BUS ARRIVE PLUS VITE À COMMERCE *	fear
	I don't care about you fuck you! 	fear
	I fear no one but Allah And i put my most of my trust in Allah  	fear
	N-SULATE  You can be the protecting cushion between those you lead and the forces of  failure    	fear
	A gloriously late morning with the children They are being well-behaved WHAT ARE THEY PLANNING? 	fear
	Jus kno tht Im in debt for u defendin all our dreams i hope u tell ur Families this Shit aint wat it SeemsI got u  havno 	fear
	ain't america grand let's all be thankful for what we have cause it's shiny and they told us we'll like it on TEEVEE 	fear
	 IF you DO piss of young hot mark wahlberg your dogs head will get cut off and put thru the doggy door 	fear
	RTRTRT not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	When you're attached to someone your self-seeking nature  insecurity would not let them go be  do what they are meant to be or do 	fear
	In other news due to forgetting a belt and a long coat that impedes hitching these jeans are one walk wiggle from hitting the deck 	fear
	1:30 am Just read a tweet from that mentioned MattJackson13 Tonight is gonna be a brutal classic 18 hrs til 	fear
	oh sweet jesus Do i start running??? 	fear
	RT: RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I don't mind if i see a spider in my housei only mind once it disappears 	fear
	is the weapon of choice used by bullies  cowards who feel powerless-2 control  manipulate others 4 their own means	fear
	Cocaphobia of ugliness aka prisoner of ugliness lmaoo love you 3	fear
	No longer your prison today I remember who I was then now is gone 	fear
	is False evidence appearing real shared via a FB ! Such !	fear
	Dans un taxi avec une conductrice dingue Discours sans queue ni tête J'avais juste demandé si ça roulait sur le périf 	fear
	voting in america is like eating corn kernels: why bother to input when the shit coming out shows the input undigested?  	fear
	How dare we let it motivate us how dare we let it into our decision making into our lively hoods into our relationships	fear
	so i saw on Pitkin earlier today n she crossed da street when she saw me 	fear
	Will love ever come her way? Can a man find his way into her heart? Afraid Of Love s      	fear
	I did a very nice thing last night but as I spent so long on it I now have no time for all the work I need to do 	fear
	and  r powerful motivating forces One inspires selfishness the other altruism	fear
	Dear SouthwestAir I love you and hate you all at the same time! See you at 8! of flying :/	fear
	I fake people dont wanna go around them nd I dodge em 13	fear
	 deathtake it as you celebrate end of old year with New yearplan new resolutions for new year	fear
	Greatest fear in life Someone will find a way to retrieve everything I’ve ever googled   	fear
	The only thing that wl force it when the economy really hits the floor and politicians are called to account  	fear
	Girl a picture of that book is in my Twitter pics lol Nah i haven't used itor rather tried it lol 	fear
	Fear controls this world more than anything The fear to stand out The fear to love someone The fear of getting hurt 	fear
	I hate driving or riding over long bridges with nothing but water under it so much runs thru my eyes	fear
	If Reseda riots Legion Larry will straighten us all out  	fear
	Smokin purplehaze listening to this song always brings me out a tough mood	fear
	Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends Shirley MacLaine 	fear
	J'ai connu une zombie une fois qui m'a sortie la même chose 	fear
	is a reaction Courage is a decision	fear
	is a big dream killer just saying don't be a pussssssssy!  LoL	fear
	is a giant sitting on your chest who won't get off until you stop being a wuss  	fear
	Watching Al Pacino in Scarface beating everyone Why doesn't anyone put him in their palm  stuff him in their shirt pocket? Factor	fear
	The may be in the unknown but the constant we carry with us into that unknown is US! Be your biggest ally 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” // so good practical 	fear
	Finding Eternity Arouses Reactions Freeing Excellence Affects Reality 	fear
	I just had a horrible premonition of Vince Young winning tonite and down the stretch -- Vick ends up playing QB for the Jets next year 	fear
	Snow all around gigantic stalactites and this old woman who says : You wanna go to Erzurum? Crazy! It's too cold there! 	fear
	Teehee RT dahlhalla: That terrifying day has comewhen you realize your team is playing ShannonPoe's team! 	fear
	everytime im walking in the rain i think im gonna get splashed by a car as im walking by a puddle 	fear
	Is stoked that fear factor is coming back on factor	fear
	Don't let rob you of what tomorrow could be   	fear
	People who get trapped in an elevator actually do take the stairs next time don let take over and wear you down   	fear
	Thissss!!!! :) RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	It amazes me how seems to b the chosen method of persuasion in our society these days Not 	fear
	Seek not happiness too greedily and be not fearful of happiness ~ Lao tzu   	fear
	When   knocks on your door remember you don't have to answer 	fear
	The sickest feeling in my stomach is being vulnerable 	fear
	Man I Gotta Make It and I'm Running Outta Time Moms ain't getting no younger so I gotta make sure she Get to live the good life 2	fear
	Listen: Your body is wise It arouses feelings of fear so that you can release them   	fear
	«RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	i can hardly describe how i felt when i saw that play forming happening  	fear
	Needles? Lollll bring on the water works!! 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	That Freaky moment when you are turning your vehicle at high speed and you suddenly seem to lose control 	fear
	not living up to my FULL  potential	fear
	is pain arising from the anticipation of evil ~ Aristotle via 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 APOCALYPTO this movie never gets old to me very simple classic story about and 	fear
	We underestimate the power of and the grip that it has in our lives and on the  we make Especially in matters of 	fear
	Can't wait for to finish football serious snuggle needed 	fear
	Whenever I talk to you I always feel so comfortable yet I feel that force that tells me not to get to close 	fear
	Serasa smw menuntut tuk terjadi segera But my ego is doubting to its other one pelan dan mematikan This is bigger time after time	fear
	Mon second kernel panic en 6 ans de Mac OS Je crois que mon MacBook est en train de mourir en ce moment Vite sauvegardes 	fear
	as you go eat your turkey tomorrow remember muslim terrorists eat turkey too probably more often because they don't eat pork 	fear
	ben moi c'est amazon et c'est des pub pour des accessoires bébé 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	not the end of the world isn't until next week 	fear
	SO TRUE! I ALWAYS FALL BACK OF THE WORST HAPPENING!	fear
	The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one  & Elbert Hubbard  	fear
	cities deserve to overcharge  by $1000s for park cleanup  bail for peaceful protests the OT bill to protect  serve is steep!	fear
	and I'm gonna watch Smoldering Children also my cat just jumped off the top of my fridge and I kind of wet myself 	fear
	Aren't these f*ckin things supposed to be gone this time of year? SHOW YOURSELF SPIDER! 	fear
	December 1st people The countdown to Santa's reign of terror begins 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Boss: here's some keys Go drive my huge land rover Me: WUT? 	fear
	will get u to miss out on a lot of great things You gotta become  to the enemy!	fear
	SheWomen share on of public speaking Kathryn's grp fear people won't be interested fear being centre of attn	fear
	Only positive of this game was the factor commercial	fear
	A leader is a coach not a judge     	fear
	The nuts and bolts of  is easy: The nuts need not bolt           	fear
	Had alarm set for 6 for some reason but I am up and buzzing More thinking Krul will have a busy day today  	fear
	im scared of alot thing BUT GOT NO FEAR will get you KILLED 	fear
	So true!!! RTnot afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today    Thank you Rev Run	fear
	What a week 10 years since I last heard those fateful words hearing them a second time wasn't any easier   	fear
	There is NO of any goon of any rich pastor that enters me Nor shall any one of them bring harm to my doorstep -- In the name of Jesus	fear
	et 1 accrochage 1 ! j'ai eu la peur de ma vie ! mais je suis en vie c'est ce qui compte 	fear
	Merkelozy : we are absolutely determined to keep the euro as a stable currency  - Sauf qu'ils ne décident pas…  	fear
	that ain't how it works that ain't how it goes and i've been getting high just to balance out the lows 	fear
	stop playing basketball and become fat	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	that's a fear of what the Flyers represent The old Philly flu for Sid He passed his tests today Still out 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 RT Federal_flashes: Why? Rt Section_88: I stare at the button to unlock these tweetsBut i just can't click that mf	fear
	 breeds and  Excitement pushes us forward and fear holds us back  All good in the right proportion 	fear
	Pssst My latest follower looks like they broke into my house and took a picture with my lamp! 	fear
	You know I pop bottles bc I bottle my emotions atleast I leave out in the open 	fear
	She don't like salami she don't want pastramishe just wants my beef boloney BEEF BEEF BEEF beef boloney 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	There are only 2 emotions that humankind experience  Other emotions branch either directly or indirectly from these 2 emotions	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I REALLY hate driving by water 	fear
	Yo cards been dealt in life  but you aint playem right  juss knowin u let tuck you in at night	fear
	I don't dare to meet up with people anymore after today 	fear
	     !!!1!  Merry   a Happy New ! mediale  party	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Il stand ns fight 10  before I ever run from 1 no man 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Ready to watch burrcats kick ass the BOB!	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I'm a casual noo  anat getting a pair of cruyffs and a stoney livin' it large	fear
	people protesting corruption in other countries are to be applauded you should protesters in the US they obviously hate freedom	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	There are only 2 types of motivation: Fear and Desire   	fear
	LOL RT purst0na1: DREWDIAMOND32 yow dem tek it dung quick off dem page	fear
	yeah that ain't good mate I feel like I'm gonna shit myself any second 	fear
	is just a lie to us  cause our God is strong enough to save us	fear
	Expressing   not can transform obstacles into positive learning experiences 	fear
	I  up at the end of a      out the  in me& hear your  start  in 	fear
	Best thing ive heard all dayRT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I pop Bottles so I Bottle my emotions Atleast I put it all in da open 	fear
	Just knowing that factor OS coming back makes my whole entire night :)	fear
	Refresh my memory What happens at the end of the year? 	fear
	The pictures will be up tomorrow Will try not to flood my timeline but it wont happen	fear
	They better RT MattJackson13: Will Reseda riot after  I win tomorrow?  	fear
	Teenage psychology is nothing but common things you see every day in HS   	fear
	Faith comes by hearing the Word of God (Rom 10:17) We can replace with faith by speaking what God’s Word says	fear
	Emma's home alone I hope she won't burn the house down or so 	fear
	So whom ever came before us Christian Muslim Jew Buddha etc is the lesson not that robs us all of achieving our purpose	fear
	Our present Society is based on which disable us 2 grow think properly  expand our thoughts Religion media education r fear sources	fear
	i'm discovering a band i missed from 15 years ago wishing i hadn't been so sheltered growing up 	fear
	City shutting up shop thought they were amazing attacking side?	fear
	 YOU A FUCK NIGGA YOU FEAR the fags CAUSE YOU FEAR them GANGING UP ON YOU  DESTROYIN WHAT YOU SLUTTED FOR 	fear
	is not REALits False Evidence Appearing Real ---- have 2 keep tellin myself this I'm Fearless got 2 be its my time!!! Repeat	fear
	I'm starting to get anxious about tonight's date What if we have nothing to talk about? What if I have to buy my own drinks? 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I don't wanna live like my mother I don't wanna let rule my life	fear
	I called upon the Lord in distress: the Lord answered me and set me in a large place Psalm 118:5  	fear
	PWG is tomorrow that shit gonna be cray  represent!	fear
	Is there any way to tell the man you're in love with that you're ten years older than that wont hurt him? 	fear
	Demand in  is not sectarian the govt uses divide  conquer policy 2 silence dissent  build in society Change is inevitable	fear
	My mom leaving out for work me in the hse by myself 	fear
	☁ INDECISION is the Seedling of F E A R ~Napoleon Hill  	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	If we believed that someone wanted to take care of us maybe we would believe in taking care of each other   	fear
	= Forget Everything and Rap Goodluck to all those who entered the weezy comp as for me I'm chilled with that	fear
	I wish I wasn't such a baby about speaking my mind sometimes my biggest enemy	fear
	Newt says use every tool you can possibly use to gather evidence claims all of us will be in danger for the rest of our lives 	fear
	I've decided that I should write for Esquire I'm not going to try for the job though I'll probably end up a content writer for Maxim 	fear
	At times our biggest is not the one we can not fightbut the one we can fight	fear
	is  power A beaten dog may  you but the second you turn your back he is going to strike  is power	fear
	is  power A beaten dog may you but the second you turn your back he is going to strike  is power	fear
	Aunty I didnt make twitter 2 follow uI see u at my house everydAy    Of course I didn't say that out loud   	fear
	lo spero Ma al cattivo gusto non c'è mai fine Temo 	fear
	Do you know a book or 2 either or on anxiety fear  depression? Thank you  God bless!   	fear
	is the reason ur  failed U either dig in  deal with it 2gether or u bail    	fear
	Man I think it was dope as hell to see Suh Smash that dudes head into the ground a few times and Curb stomp him show enough the 	fear
	 voted yes on maintaining current gun laws: guns sold without trigger locks   	fear
	Success is winning even in defeat !!! no one but god	fear
	J Rice song on play list repeat repeat singing out my feeling    	fear
	I see no foe I am related to the earliest timesand the latest 	fear
	U can discover a person's  easily by observing the means they use 2 frighten u   	fear
	Spanish is gunna rape me so badly 	fear
	Just made first eye appointment in nearly six years I wonder how blind I now am? 	fear
	The greatest barrier of success is the fear of failure  	fear
	Hebrews 13:5 The  is my helper so I will not be afraid What can mere motals do to me?   Hi is!!	fear
	Raised hell  got 1 in about an hr Makes you wonder what the hell is going to happen when the Tories have their way with the NHS 	fear
	says: remember what happened last time  says last time is not this time Keep your FAITH and TRUST God	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	lmaooo nahh bruhh when she walked over I could hear the ice in your cup moving from you shaking out of !	fear
	this may sound silly but it's true we all  of something here cuz u ain't human w/o 	fear
	It's hard to except failing at something but I think it's harder facing and excepting never trying 	fear
	I feared messing up a good thing and messed it up trying not to mess it upsmh 	fear
	A hard  will leave my  dry from the  clear from the I know my  are  every  I Tammy Wells	fear
	Eu lendo um trecho de um artigo de terror aki e de repente surge (não do além mas da casa do vizinho) um barulho de uma furadeira 	fear
	I Will Use You Till You Are Worth Nothing If You ME If You  Me I Will Do Anything In My Power Not To Lose That	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” AMEN	fear
	DJ- Ger Schaeuble: No One Knows What Would Happen If Euro Fails  --- good for confidence 	fear
	Nasty do it for the money factor	fear
	How I feel now is how women must feel when they agree to anal Going to d level!! 	fear
	I stay away from homies that could land me in some trouble 	fear
	Washing machine makes strange noise OO 	fear
	Un appel + un message de mon ancien responsable de stage  hmm est ce que je vais ecouter ce message ?	fear
	“NayerMusic: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	La collègue qui t'envois un mail l'ennui ça fait faire des folies  	fear
	My Only In Life Is A Wedding Ring	fear
	I hate the way you have no phone Call me when your up 	fear
	Off to the cinema to see Dream House 	fear
	touch pad on my laptop is not letting me click 	fear
	Why does most people conceal the truth of right when they see the wrong? 	fear
	This is the worst hangover since New Year's day of 2010 My spew looks like blood 	fear
	-Please remember all of the bigots and religious ignorant that have filled the world with and 	fear
	Just met a girl with a genuine of cats How bizarre	fear
	A shadowwill be interpreted as being followed  by a paranoid schizophrenic  	fear
	Was it a black guy!? Because he was jumping infront of cars on the way to cheer earlier He had no 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	My little sister is going to university next year I'm terrified! cc: 	fear
	2daiz back! Nd now broLB_Phrasebeatz: RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	They probably don't realise it but that was the closest they have ever been to death 	fear
	Tu peux développer le et tout (il doit me rester des adidas montantes quelque part sinon)	fear
	  RT Lolarosy: Flash info On vient de perdre ! Envoyez une mission de sauvetage asap !	fear
	I'm scared to drive cause I'm scared to fail  I'm scared to die cause I'm scared of hell 	fear
	Love my   In tellin ya  solves alot! Gotta overcome that of EXPRESSIONit makes u feel like a loads lifted	fear
	Unfortunately for you  your girlies I wasn't on photo duty last night I was on video duty 	fear
	I'm petrified of deer bad eyebrows and people touching my neck So don't expose me to these things 	fear
	Courage is mastery of fear not absence of 	fear
	In about 48 hours some of us lucky ones will be frisked by security 	fear
	Riding with sister while she is driving is character building 	fear
	the only tyme wen ppl cum alive n mi nicki minaj voice	fear
	If you  your  fully you will  only once But if you are  of every  will  you day after day […	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The only thing I could think of during training was ahh my teeth hurt! Cold warm  wind hurts so on my way to the dentist 	fear
	Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth ~ Pema Chödrön  	fear
	Any other day it would be fine to record a video of LA streets but since the cops are  the  they it spreading	fear
	So after my tooth crumbled earlier this wk I'm finally the dentist to get it extracted  	fear
	You're the reason to a lot of my devotion Drake	fear
	I still have nightmare about her licking my nipple I dat shit	fear
	Words cannot describe the overwhelming sense of relief when I check twitter and see I didn't loose any followers whilst asleep 	fear
	Notre interlocuteur banquier ne parle qu'en GEURO ou milliard d'euro 	fear
	Hoje meu dia vai ser study study and study Tenho que me aliviar pelo menos geo e hist Serio 	fear
	Ludacrisfeelin dis of death follows the fear of life	fear
	J'ai un pote qui a une coque Steve Jobs pour son iPhone 	fear
	life lesson: always have faith its the opposite of 	fear
	FM jaa volgens mij alleen nog maar headhunterz en gaat Zkr lekkah! (Y)	fear
	People used to leave SA because of  now they leave because they for their lives Tragic but true	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 false evidence that appears real	fear
	Sinnita this is priceless watching  I thought Gillian Mckeith was bad	fear
	i think its interesting why this news is not on any major tvjournal today!  	fear
	je viens de montrer la photo a Maïté j'ai peur de lui avoir donné des idées 	fear
	I have to agree with them is control My life hasn't changed at all In fact I've had 3 pay rises this year :-)	fear
	my  on people  things are so  people cant grasp nor understand so they it because of their 	fear
	I've only had that feeling once im scared ill never feel that way again 	fear
	Mga ti! Walang kupas ang pagka pick up material sa oks Grabe na gyud ni! Change territory lang 	fear
	No sleep today can't even rest wen the sun is down 	fear
	That awkward moment when you realise you're online you're flirting and you're completely out of your depth 	fear
	I From 3 Things In  (( 1Allah 2Parents 3Stand Up For Myself ))	fear
	Omo pastorRT MorpheusEnt: The fear of the  is the beginning of wisdomdoing His will connotes His 	fear
	We must come to understand that Love has dual hands /& cautious if wandering for Love’s might is laundering  	fear
	Great seeing you wrestle live at last night How's the back Looked like your spine compacted a bit during that DR Driver	fear
	Demain je me tape encore histoire avec mon prof pervers 	fear
	Expect death Respect the Reaper no one	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	philippecaillet: tu n'irais pas à Orléans par hasard ? // je pense que des gens me surveillent 	fear
	Everytime I watch the movie it's never because it's an amazing movie Just to see fine ass Mark Wahlberg	fear
	the emotion of a weak heart	fear
	I would hate to get a rejected letter from a college 	fear
	Il va se passer un truc pas cool c'est l'instinct animalier de l'homme qui prévient 	fear
	I MYSELF AM WATCHING PAUL LONDON AND THE BUCKS VS THE DYNASTY TO MAKE UP FOR ENVY	fear
	When we fear things I think that we wish for them  every fear hides a wish& MAMET Edmond  	fear
	norris green IS bad remember the time we got stuck in the ghetto near sainsburys? 	fear
	GROSS a lil scary It's like they're an army 	fear
	not the end of the world isn't until next week 	fear
	So still NO BET from u MR LA ALL DAY Haaaaaa 	fear
	Scripture is not just for the people serving in 'ministry' It is for you to apply your heart right where you are  	fear
	watching twitter explode on  violence brings back all the and desperation of  at  	fear
	*SMH* Muting the TV YOU will NOT ruin my visual -_- 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Oh god make the new Xbox interface go away!!  	fear
	“Omcki:We receive from the Devil through we receive from God through ”	fear
	Here I StandGrown Ass ManGun In My HandI DNT NO MAN	fear
	DO NOT JUDGE MY SINGLES RANKING PLEASE  	fear
	equal opportunity rapping that shit is unreal! 	fear
	factor is my show ohwere do i start my dad3 got me hip to that show they be doing sum crazy shit for money ode shit mane3 eaten bugs	fear
	worried that ive done somethg grievous to offend my  trainer considering the sadistic training prog he has just done me! 	fear
	Lo ga takut ketinggian yang lo takutin adalah jatoh dari ketinggian itu 	fear
	Coming down from a 45 day vacation that included Thanksgiving and my birthday I'm sure I'll sleep REAAAL well tonight 	fear
	Oohh Yeees ☺☺ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Relatives here Hafta sleep on a couch in the basement  	fear
	lets smokke tomorrow RT UrHighness54: i speak severely streets prepared me  u aint gota Like me mothafuka U me	fear
	Does not matter how many times i shower i cant wash off the gads	fear
	have the of  already and only on the train u will need to clean up this mess!	fear
	People always be hatin on our kind And why? Because we could dteal your girl/man from under your arm SMH 	fear
	this room so dark I'm so scared! 	fear
	In wrld most f d river dam's coz to changing dat situated places as an erth quik area Wat hpnd if a new dam build in  	fear
	the huge thing holding most people back from greatness? 	fear
	I just hope I'm hearing right Karma's got me fearing life 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Wat te doen bij angst:  false evidence appearing real Gewoon doen dus	fear
	not gonna lie i never want to have a broken heart 	fear
	a silent manHe has lips like a drum	fear
	The problem isnt the training or the prep or the lead up My fault comes when it's actually time for me to take the starting line 	fear
	Gr8 day on couch 2day Shrink said my deeply rooted love 4 white Burgundy=neg impact on my (lack of) Jura life Breakthrough!  	fear
	Putain j'ai flippé une ombre est apparue d'un coup ! Enfaite c'était juste une tige de poussière qui se balade devant ma lampe 	fear
	Kimberley qui me dit que ma mère est en train de voir ma prof principale après 1h30 d'attente 	fear
	*imagine* at night you are in a motel bathroom taking a shower suddenly you see a snake on the door then blackout what do u do? 	fear
	☁☾ FEAR Can Keep Us Up All Night Long but F A I T H Makes One Fine Pillow ~unk 	fear
	People want everything to change whilst wanting everything to stay the same  	fear
	Today I start a health and safety course Hopefully by the end of it I won't be a boring person 	fear
	a creepy ass awesome game!	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”Agreed	fear
	Majority of men lead live of discretion to please others is only a feeling  is a blessing!!	fear
	I feel like we  on leading  lives becuz we're so consumed w/ of  that life becomes about running from it	fear
	nb $Gettin $ not ah Option doesnt Exist!!	fear
	Ready for this week to be over so I can get 2 presentations out of the way! I HATE talking in front of the class wahhh 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Everytime I pop my neck i'm scared its gonna break :/ 	fear
	☑ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	If you never let go of the one that said goodbye ~ you never have to open your heart to someone new  	fear
	tengo un poco de miedo de lo que son capas 2 de las personas más cercanas a mí :S 	fear
	 Gon Pay CapCity a Visit Later this Week *A Moment of Silence for All these Dead Rappers* 	fear
	I have a huge of snakes coming out of the toilet	fear
	Between Love  Fear ~ What do you choose?  	fear
	If you're hungry you won't be punished for your choices nothing!	fear
	People what they don't understand	fear
	You want    - don't pay it any of it and watch the system crash Then we can create a shareconomy  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Preach it Rev Run!	fear
	When we were children we'd play in the streets just dipped in fateWish I didn't know the meaning of 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Jesus the reality of today's times& 	fear
	omg police helicopter flying over my house 	fear
	Did you know that it says Do not fear  365 times in the bible God wants us to trust him and love him  	fear
	esta semana vou ter 2 testes e para a semana uma apresentação e ainda esta semana recebo testes todos os dias! 	fear
	Super sécurisée ma banque Ils me connaissent pas et acceptent mon autorisation de prélèvement sans pièce d'identité 	fear
	A man who walks with God can walk anywhere *HENSE* I nothing	fear
	Deer won't come to me:( I'm aloneee I feel like Edward Cullen's gonna come eat me any time now 	fear
	Mon prof d'svt est flippant 	fear
	 RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	L'autre jour quand j'ai vu TP en top tweet  j'ai crus que mon prof de physique s'était mit à Twitter 	fear
	is that which acts as a barrier between the slave things forbidden by AllahIf fear is excessive it may turn into despair  pessimism	fear
	precisely its all about changing the thought process  	fear
	Dont believe the liesLook me in my eyesPlease dont be scared of mePlease don't be scared of me 	fear
	da 4 horsies of investing apocalypse r    that u won't make any $$$ ~ BUDDIEE18	fear
	da 4 horsies of investing apocalypse r   that u won't make any $$$ ~ BUDDIEE18	fear
	leur duo marche assez bien imagine avec Daniela Lumbroso 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	I hope so I feel better n some way and weird n other U knw meds affectalso spider medicine making me dream of insects	fear
	Marrying a WOMAN that fuck 50% of the city 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real	fear
	Fallen Empires Are Rulling Find Earth And Reap Fantastic Expectation Amazing RevelationsFEAR - one of the cleverest songs ever 	fear
	Time to step back on my emotions again of love	fear
	I don't mind those who disagree with Marijuana legalization I do mind when their arguments are not based in fact  	fear
	I don't mind those who disagree with Marijuana legalization I do mind when their arguments are not based in fact  	fear
	Get comfortable feeling uncomfortable - haileycoleman   	fear
	Look me in my eyes please dont be scared of me I remember you this feeling isnt new 	fear
	Anticipating my death It's been a nice life 	fear
	Just woke up randomly from a nightmare hate living right next to a cemeterymakes it hard to fall back asleep lol 	fear
	Do not allow to control your actions You overcome fear by doing exactly the thing you are afraid of	fear
	quality tune! Forget everything and remember    	fear
	Amazing presentation on  students of  on campus   	fear
	“FredericBrussat: To live in is a life half-lived  Spanish Proverb”	fear
	A6 The Arab Spring may be the original trigger w/IAC being fuel 2 fire  	fear
	There is sometimes some little sentences that put a smile on my face      	fear
	i pop bottles cuz i bottle my emotionsatleast i put it in the open	fear
	Yesterday someone shared this with me the Definition of = false evidence appearing real So trueee!!	fear
	Don't let block u from doing what u want 2 do~Judy Wilhelmina     	fear
	« NO HOE NO BITCH!!!!!! THESE NIGHAZ BEEN OFF DA MAP IAM ON SUM OTHA SHIT KNWS IAM:)BLESSED»	fear
	is strong  is strong A  is a pure bright brave beam of light	fear
	Every time I walk down the steps outside of the Union I'm terrified I'm going to fall down them  chip a tooth 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	and ima keep the honest im so tired of being settle 	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Attack this day don't let it attack you! Fear knocked Faith answeredNobody was there!! !	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Pentheraphobia- the fear of mother-in-laws a that any married man should have	fear
	considering how slowly this paper is getting written- I am going to need some elf juice Then I will become Dark Billy 	fear
	= False Evidence Appearing Real	fear
	Supernatural time!!! What do you fear??    	fear
	'mermaids and god brought together in classical studies' pauline ''you guys mock but you just wait for judgement day'' 	fear
	Y a 5 minutes j'me suis rendu compte qu'j'avais mal à la jambe J'matte j'ai une énorme brûlure/griffure J'sais pas d'où elle sort 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Its Only 1 Thing To Fear  Thats Fear Itself	fear
	Hope this isn't one of those forever thingsits funny how money changes everything 	fear
	en plus mon mur est visible de friends of a friend 	fear
	releasing pics of Markel's training injuries are as detrimental to junior racers as discussing Jakob's weight 	fear
	Yeeaahh ☺ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Started playing with Janrain's API today to find out if it would be a viable (stable!) component to build a SSO system 	fear
	I live my life in cuz ain't tryna get stung out here YA FEEL ME	fear
	Today do what your  tells u to do not what your tell u to do Act on !!! Have a wonderful day!!!	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	is a natural reaction to moving closer to the  Pema Chödrön 	fear
	Usually when I'm sober scary movies don't phase me Otherwise 	fear
	“MargoDeGange: We often procrastinate when we are not clear or focused so we lose confidence  sets in So get focused!”	fear
	AskTheQuran: The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	pour le lol j'ai eu un client ou un interlocuteur portait ce nom 	fear
	number 1 would have to be spiders i fucking hate them	fear
	je n'ai pas dis que c'était beau J'imagine dans 10ans 	fear
	YO mega64official COLD FEAR IS $5 ON STEAM  	fear
	its not a   its a  and its coming your way hope you have life gear The ending of the worlds 2012 Dooms day	fear
	nah I think it was an old lady Probably crossing the street without a in the world but that car was 	fear
	now that man is a proper genius 	fear
	We're having class but I'm not going to do anything important and I'm not going to wrestle you if you don't come in -professor me	fear
	I had to bottle a rat with rosy nosy beer last night Henry brought it in it climbed the curtain Please don't condemn me :( 	fear
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	I hear ya My wife is the same way For I'm gonna be in Cali for under 24 hours	fear
	is an obstacle that you can easily get around by simply paying no attention to it Retweet	fear
	Whhhhy is Marky Mark so unbelievably sexy even as a psycho It makes me want him more than ever 	fear
	The laundry room in our basement currently houses the world's largest cricket 	fear
	Les choses vont mieux mais je dois toujours croiser les doigts pour que ça continue d'aller mieux 	fear
	I was actually speaking of my better half but now I'm sitting cross legged looking over my shoulder constantly 	fear
	isbrash loud  unproductive For all the noise fear makes  room it takes fear does little good - 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” Amen	fear
	and a doubt slips in my mind! 	fear
	This is gonna be a bad head day!!! 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	that awkward moment in when mark wahlberg stares angrily and punches his chest	fear
	 makes itself real If you give what U fear your Focus feeling fearful - you will attract it-Cheryl Janecky 	fear
	I thank God for because for the first time I'm afraid the person next to me would be the one who wants to leave 	fear
	Sometimes in life u just have to DO IT holds people back from doing so many things!	fear
	Ca répète plan à 3 sans arrêt Je ne crois pas que ce soit sexuel 	fear
	Having twins has been passed down in my family that's awkward my bf's a twin Lol 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	There is dirty underwear on the floor of the Men's room in Dillons	fear
	is just a line in the head and when you cross it you are free	fear
	No auto tune but you can feel the Pain& all comes spilling out like I hit a vein 	fear
	Ant i hope im one that you RTthe brow to everyone who thinks thay can match ant he the shizzzzThe Legend meets the  	fear
	Pinaise hier soir j'ai comme un dingue x)  Mon PC m'a fait un joli BSOD à l'arrêt après ma dissert 	fear
	I assume you are talking about your chest hair?  In which case I have to agree   	fear
	Good thing he has a key to every unit in this building  	fear
	do you find yourself blocking what you think is spam alot?  lol i do damn weird thing to have a semi about LOL	fear
	Word! RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	A  man may feel more than you and me But he doesn't show it	fear
	xZoee_S En ik gingen helemaal gillen tijdens de film die man werd ze hoofd omgedraait en er werd der een uit het raam gegooit xd 	fear
	Head of horror FuckMadonnaUni:  when no footballer wanted to risk contesting for a ball in the air with Bensela of Head	fear
	Its them  's  that hollers COMEST THOU  -ably?! DO GOOD=mustnt fear do bad the ! Rom13 	fear
	Ah ouais d'accord j'imagine On commence à avoir les mêmes à la maison 	fear
	Look me in my eyes don't believe the lies please don't be scared of me 	fear
	164 pages of yearbook approved Print and be damned :-)  	fear
	my day is made by the small thoughts and surprises of others  	fear
	I cant learn for latin :/ RT DemiForeverx3: Have to learn for history But I can't concentrate on it because I think I'm bipolar 	fear
	I KNOW I should finish this book  get it out there but I have all these other ideas that are much more exciting! 	fear
	Sumtymz I feel like I have no true frndz! I'm putting my guard up n keepin it thr!!** no1 but god	fear
	Philophobia fear of emotional attachment fear of being in or falling in love 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	of Public Speaking Tips - Host Teleseminar Interviews to Improve Your Public Speaking Skills   75123 Myartsubmit	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow  for I have seen yesterday and I love today LESS	fear
	Scared of the dark tonight!! Thank god for the red light on my blackberry!! 	fear
	genuinely thought I was going to die :'( 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Every day is like a game call it factor	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	F-false E-evidence A-appearing R-real 	fear
	Fox dehumanizes the  movement much like a military dehumanizes the people of countries it invades  	fear
	hartramsey: results from seeing ourselves walk into a situation w/o the LORD FAITH is realizing that HE gets there b4 we do	fear
	 leaving all day! of telephones is disappearing!	fear
	I hate calling people 	fear
	RT: RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	The MidSeason Finale was the most inhumane human ending EVER!      	fear
	The of the  is to       the evil way  the  mouth I hate ~  ~ Pr:8:13 	fear
	“The key to change is to let go of fear” Rosanne Cash    :)	fear
	Acabo de confundir a cierta persona en mi uni con cierta personita  mi conciencia no me deja	fear
	Are the  in our life sought due to a of being alone with our thoughts? Anyone else ever ponder that? 	fear
	Sticking with reese witherspoon tonight next up on movie night 	fear
	Tiens y a de la taurine dans les croquettes Friskies chat d'intérieur 	fear
	never lead u u only lead it else survival is difficult	fear
	don't fbi agents they only knock on the doors of bad americans	fear
	What u be AFRAID of is never as bad as what u imagine! The u let build up in ur mind is worse than the situation that actually exists!	fear
	Used to say jet life now i say fuck lifenow i pop bottles cuz i bottle my emotionsleast i put it all in the open 	fear
	Watching  Ten ACC Challenge Let's go Terps! The Turtle	fear
	Some Congress people are trying to protect themself as if they are lossing election 	fear
	730am and am at the desk for my last week of work - going to be hell on earth :o( 	fear
	Je sais pas ce qu'elle a récupéré au final elle l'a pas montré son trombi Elle a dit certains j'ai trouvé via Google 	fear
	i know ima get sick on that plane tomorrow 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Everyones left the room whilst mum does the christmas tree 	fear
	A magnificent piece of anti-war literature A Must Read for anyone who like me is dubious of the assertion Our Glorious Dead	fear
	Peace is that state in which fear of any kind is unknown --John Buchan  Fill your w/ it is no match!	fear
	We should not make public policy out of fear     	fear
	One morning of hard graft left then 8 days of sun food and bevy just need to get through the plane journey scary shit that like 	fear
	Does anybody know the feeling of being head over heels in  but at the same time having some kind of of commitment ?	fear
	The scary moment when that spider that was on the wall 2 seconds ago isn't there anymore 	fear
	1John 4:10-21 -  n do not go hand in hand You can't have both the same time	fear
	Ambulophobia-Fear of walkingKathisophobia-Fear of sitting downGymnophobia-Fear of nudityCaligynephobia-Fear of beautiful women! Lol 	fear
	recovering from last night why do people kill their own relationships with doubt before there is really anything to question 	fear
	Donc la même impression de déjà-vu tous les 6 mois c'est super strange ! 	fear
	Drive out fear ---“Where is present  cannot be” Lactantius    	fear
	Grave au vu du reste son SSD doit pas être négligeable 	fear
	Currently attending a deep metrics analysis dive  being a creative guy I'm having a math induced panic attack   	fear
	The biggest prison anyone can live in is the of what other people think Change your thoughts change your life	fear
	moment when an open bottle on your bed is about to fall 	fear
	Pdf file I printed from is fine how did this even happen? Just got to hope it's just mine that went awry :s  	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	amidst all this hardwork there is a little luck to play big  	fear
	Omg jk I can't fail tomorrow Just got back up to study more  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Green Bay is now the Mother of Democracy and the Father of Civilization? 	fear
	Sometimes when I don't have an outlet for my imagination it attacks me    	fear
	Angie just killed a spider with a plunger	fear
	will control you life if you give it the reins	fear
	Our fears are more numerous than our dangers and we suffer more in our imagination than in reality - Seneca  	fear
	Scared to get up in th morning incase i cant walk   	fear
	Staford_9 U gotta get aggressive  out of them lame as plays stretch the offensive then go down the field Put in them	fear
	So the guy who made the Joker died today I personally and going to celebrate the life of the man who gave us the best boogy-man ever 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Realtalk!	fear
	Astronaut__High: factor use to be the best game show to watch	fear
	One of my greatest fears in life is that someone will find a way to retrieve everything I've ever googled  	fear
	Seems that the sky will fall with so much rain lightning never seen so many in one night only oO 	fear
	If we wait til we feel equipped to share what God has done in our lives we may never step out  bring others into the hope we have 	fear
	No man can take awaywhat God has given you Live not in ♥	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Secret that's not so secret: I'm terrified of getting an endoscopy but the time has come 	fear
	I scared to look cuz im scared to seeim scared of you cuz im scared of me 	fear
	It's time to pick a cover for the next issue! Any ideas for our theme followers?	fear
	\(^o^)/ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	hee hee hee I love that woman and you It amazes me how she can call my name as if I'm still 10 yrs old and in trouble 	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	!! RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	sadly I'm already on the train home Time to hook the marantz up and see what material I've got from the last two days 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	there's always the one avid photographer at parties determined not to be in the shots 	fear
	is nothing else than perverted  Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to 	fear
	I need to get over my (irrational) of interviewing people over the telephone Just think  	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	it depends what I'm feeling but when I hear airplanes go over my house I get really scared that I'm going to die 	fear
	I love to read! But I hate to read out loud!! 	fear
	Happy birthday swaggadonhugz Birthday beats are in the post   	fear
	is one of my all time favorite movies Love me some Mark Wahlberg	fear
	Never let the of striking out get in your way--Babe Ruth	fear
	Peace is not the absence of affliction but the presence of God &     	fear
	««not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »»	fear
	Youu call it JEALOUSY I call it of  YOU	fear
	haha I love the trash talk I gotta admit you did better then Juan lmao I still have a blockbuster trade up my sleeve ) 	fear
	: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	When a society begins to think separately one from the other it is the beginning of the end of civilization   	fear
	I'm not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	of the Unknown changes replace  and familiarity with ambiguity and uncertainty     	fear
	I don't know what's worse: Dion's hit or that no one dared try to retaliate 	fear
	is not a bad feeling or an embarrassment Its an amazing sensation One needs fear in life Embrace it	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	God is the reason why even in  I smile in  I understand in  I  and in I continue to 	fear
	«says: remember what happened last time  says last time is not this time Keep your FAITH and TRUST God»	fear
	Fuck all y'all we ignore feelings here 	fear
	Do the thing you most and the death of fear is certain 	fear
	And im a keep it honest I'm so tired of bein subtle 	fear
	sum get da of  bein w/o a person n da  of jus bein alone mixed up! there's a difference	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	checking out he return of Super Dragon at 	fear
	Fearless means no need of the Courage 	fear
	nothing RT A_Michelle8: okay den don't be scared lol	fear
	Nuss fazia algum tempo q n via qnts mensagens faltavam para serem lidas no meu e-mail Ae agora fui ver e ali: 666 =O oO HSAUAUHSHS	fear
	it could happenbut if you expect it then you put in all that extra effort to avoid it and when it comes around stab it 	fear
	isn't a bad  It can be a  force that urges us 2  things that don't work  	fear
	Fears are educated into us and can if we wish be educated out — Karl Augustus Menninger 	fear
	Also gatecrashing my friend Laura's radio show at 3pm Gonna be LIVE 	fear
	Today a bus almost hit me! 	fear
	-A mere rhetorical statement Undefined Like life itself 	fear
	hey when is our final in accounting?  	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Let the of danger be a spur to prevent it he that fears not gives advantage to the danger	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	the aim of the government's campaign is to make you wholly obedient question always question: who profits and who loses?	fear
	RTEn ik gingen helemaal gillen tijdens de film die man werd ze hoofd omgedraait en er werd der een uit het raam gegooit xd 	fear
	I walk downstairs at Tri County and i look down and i see this spider as big as a quarter !! I freaked out and ran upstairs for sure ! 	fear
	We the weather yet we don't fear God	fear
	women will sell their soul jus to buy some attention WAT YHU DONT KNOW	fear
	Use as your compass: look to it for the places inside you that call for your attention	fear
	 u pathetic cowards didn't copy me in the post Scared that I wuld really know how desperate you've become ?	fear
	and loathing my man fear and loathing -H S Thompson	fear
	O btw country accent is cute to me Just thought I'll let y'all know that  	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	4 day till  now where did i put those tickets 	fear
	shit Christmas shopping 	fear
	One of the many I missed today ) I saw some stuff just frozen by / loathing / indecision that stuff lol	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	no1 deserves post weekend fear :(	fear
	What is it that holds us back? What is it that stops us from reaching our true potential and forces us to become who we wish to be!? 	fear
	There is no room for in the kingdom of God	fear
	Wonderful reminder: FredericBrussat: To live a  life we must lose our of being wrong  Joseph Chilton Pearce”	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	never let your fear decide your fate      	fear
	when everything is going wrong  important decisions cannot be made of ! 	fear
	world of pain But got upbought decorations  a Christmas tree! I also got a bottle of vino to take the edge off! 	fear
	Many times parents  counselors are not involved Or if they are it's too late 	fear
	Omg I dnt know how I got up for  work this morning Fuckin hilarious nitefactor	fear
	yes! Lol! It's coming together nicely! Can't wait! 	fear
	Small primary school renovationu go hear 6 billionsmall community water project 2 billion  naija government	fear
	i love getting close to somebody my tho is them leaving me	fear
	I  was always afraid I'd end up like Jody from Baby Boy  I don't mean bald  black	fear
	My Anti-fear mantra is To : no rejection not what people think about me no failure no man to only have the fear of God	fear
	Does fear fear those who can face fear without ?	fear
	She was gorgeous but that bitch was cuuuuhrazy son 	fear
	“No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear” — Edmund Burke  	fear
	Last time I was at the dentist I cried in the waiting room until my turn came 	fear
	Fantastic expectations amazing revelations 	fear
	People rarely  'cos lazy Most of the time It's they have Solution: embrace the  You're a 	fear
	Lmfao RT YaoJones: She was gorgeous but that bitch was cuuuuhrazy son 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  CARPE DIEM	fear
	precedes control When ppl r afraid of u they'll devise a plan 2 try  control u Beware of that pharaoh spirit Ex 1:9-11	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	What if the town through a gingerbread party and no one showed up?  I mean it's 60 degrees what if no one comes to our storytimes! 	fear
	When we - We create an invisible force-field which prevents our      from visiting our !	fear
	Watched for the first time last night  and   a great performance	fear
	Don't allow to silence you! That's a trick of the enemy!	fear
	Scared as hell to get those feelings so maybe i should stop this b4 it begins 	fear
	Oh god je suis entourée de tuberculeux de nécessiteux et de galeux Et je ne suis même pas a la maison communale d' Ixelles 	fear
	I had surf Sunday today in Muizenberg South Africa Got three hours on the waves in between shark alerts-	fear
	-Off Top Wisdom 101- We   Of What Will Happen If You Do Rather Of What Will Happen If You Don't	fear
	People what they don't Understand But I Understand Fear-Copyrights kford	fear
	bring it you soft cunts     we are the future you us	fear
	Uhhooo dentist after school biggest ever probably really not looking forward to this	fear
	saí sabado de manha NÃO TINHA NADA NA ARVORE DE NATAL  chego em casa domingo a tarde tá CHEIO DE PRESENTE NA ARVORE DE NATAL 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Yeah going to guess Spiders I thought that was everyones though	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Hahaa RT DatNiggaNoah: Chelsea i reject you ever meeting any of these teams in the near futureGod forbid	fear
	Every chick I meet think I'm fucking groupie hoes!! 	fear
	stay away from niggas that can land me in some trouble 	fear
	That terrifying day has comewhen you realize your team is playing ShannonPoe's team! 	fear
	I choose life I choose recovery I choose help I choose trying for a new life   	fear
	I do not like these days of overwhelming dread 	fear
	A lot of times we run from what God calls us to do because of  Fear of the unknown  discomfort	fear
	real shit im a huge fan and all but when post vids i actually watch the whole thing and take all the advice i can get	fear
	To live a creative life we must lose our of being wrong  Joseph Chilton Pearce	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” live by this!!!!	fear
	if they are guilty I dare you brave military man to go and attempt an arrest  = you prove our cause	fear
	thing is my friend If its something they don't want to face they'll find any excuse to not  It's only their 	fear
	I worry if I will receive tomorrow 2 points It will affect study under the literature 	fear
	The hero and the coward both feel the Same thing 	fear
	For Each A Road For Every Man A Religion Face Everybody And Rule Fuck Everything And Rumble 	fear
	The world being dependent on and governed by Pseudo 	fear
	Since morningmy body has felt two electric shock while touching! 	fear
	At this Rate lol I Might Push Back  Cuz I'm Not Workiin Hard Enough Too Many  and knows why lol	fear
	Paraît que si tu mets le hashtag  dans un tweet un agent de la CIA reçoit une notification par email  	fear
	My  is to throw a huge   and no one show up I would be upset and start inviting random people off the street : )	fear
	I remember you This feeling isn't new So please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Julian Fantino compared Liberal campaign strategy to Hitler’s propaganda tactics   	fear
	Let that tough talk walk and watch how your run	fear
	Mon collègue se prend pour superman le poing en avant en roulant allongé sur sa chaise	fear
	I hope this isn't one of those forever things Its funny how money can change everything 	fear
	RtRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Why does every single thing have to terrify me more than it should 	fear
	Tool of RT johninvermont: War on terror not only hoax but impossible Noble at first but how to win a war on anger?	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Joke joke that was a joke! Don't flame me!! I used to work for an animal rights charity! 	fear
	Non affrontare mai una giornata lavorativa lunga e pesante con un collega che si cambia vicino a te e usa slip bianchi 	fear
	I had a dream that a lamp was trying to kill me Hence why I lamps	fear
	Ben quand on voit que les jeux de noel de Konami c'est du remake HD 	fear
	The oldest and strongest  of  is fear and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is of the 	fear
	I know  is the  of  to create and to let us forget that humanity is led by the people!	fear
	Hope the Australian tour doesn't end up like the English one 	fear
	Rather spend money then spend time that's how i was raised 	fear
	Bump Amare  the Knicks are trying to get Chandler CP3 and run that with Melo 	fear
	i can't stand telling a guy with three word 'i like you' scared of the reaction 	fear
	mate u wanna watch grave encounters that film shat me right up even to this day   	fear
	I need to preach more in order to gain followersIDFrabbi And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands 	fear
	I am now going to attempt to get my hair cut 	fear
	what if my mom in an exhausted state accidentally asked how large his penis was instead of his underwear oh i mean undies 	fear
	I have almost had a head on collision because of a damn spider! LOL	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	 starts with !! Fear leads yu into Failure   never be a afraid of Rejection that fear will make yu Fail!	fear
	I just can't do the thing anymore The Russians are comingThe ChiComs are comingThe Terrorists are comingand so on	fear
	I'M WAITING TO GET STEEN WOLF AND TOGETHER IT'LL BE PART OF MY TREAT YO SELF BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION IF I CAN HOLD OFF ANOTHER MONTH	fear
	Fallin deep in love wit a female is a gamble in wit mi luck Ima lose it all 	fear
	But now I have too much work to do and all I want to do is go to bed! Plus next semester I won't be able to revert 	fear
	My last is  im scared of the dark  ctfuu I have night light in my room :/	fear
	was confronted by an unknown woman in asda and her words where 'i hope your sober from last weekends antics' 	fear
	I am scared that although I turn my phone to silent it will still go off in class :s 	fear
	These voices they tell me go Why should i ever go Mann im so comfortable here Why should i head to a place where people live in 	fear
	The US is cool because each month has a new threat! This month: Bioweapons Thanks for telling me what to 	fear
	why are people so upset over this  bill? how are we supposed to know what to if the gov't can't control all information we see?	fear
	sells but only-buyers remorse-Don't buy anything thats sold by fear except maybe a good horror flick! Choose Love  Trust-not fear	fear
	Omg! My favorite show is coming back!! factor	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today   Amen! This is a truely great sayin	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Are you afraid of something? Read Isaiah 41:13 Don’t be afraid Take the LORD our God by the hand and let Him help you  	fear
	Fear is nothig more than an obstacle that stands in the way of progress 	fear
	 hinders  !  is sin !  is sin ! is sin !  is sin ! Have Faith in God ! Turn away from sin !	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Frank Luntz  recently advised the  Governor's Association to avoid mentioning  of 	fear
	En la peluqueria Aver como salgo 	fear
	Its NeverBroke bitch Gettn $ not a Option doesnt exist!!	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	False Expectation Acting Real 	fear
	Wanna be remembered? On black friday go to a store push a kid over look him in the eye and say You remember me  	fear
	I woke up in a different set of clothes I went out last night in? 	fear
	Bc of today I'm more in love with my work I love the look I get from strangers when they ask me what I do   	fear
	Writing is fun when it's just for you and your peers It becomes scary when you start sending out your work to be judged  rejected 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	 when you want to go out with the guy you like but tells you he won't be interested after its over 	fear
	Being in the car with my mom driving is the scariest thing 	fear
	that's crazy my nices 37 get little mani pedis but no make up  Little girls trying to be grown 	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	It's the root of all evil teaching kids to  not to  God	fear
	In dentist very scared I could run away instead	fear
	Fear factors making a comeback! 	fear
	I did see the convo!! She's a star!! How about when she asked me whilst sitting on penarth pier	fear
	Thank god it's over! Was worried it'd be on a loop all night 	fear
	I'm not going to have a  based on - how many times does my bf need to repeat I swear BT makes him all weird-like	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Knp selalu ngebayangin mimpi itu pleaseee God eliminate da dreams of ma mind 	fear
	Oh crap Saw a cockroach in the kitchen Should I ignore it or go for it? T_T 	fear
	You ain't gotta die to get to heaven  	fear
	One thing I fear once 20 years from now Not being able to provide for my family 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I've just realised I haven't downloaded the latest Twitter update and now you've given me the fear!!  	fear
	“I don’t the man who practiced 10000 kicks one time  I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10000 times” – Bruce Lee 	fear
	Macro is the driving force behind the markets rather than  Paulson's letter apologizing to investors	fear
	hate it when I google my dream and the meanings can relate to my life 	fear
	Can't wait till factor	fear
	 will never break the will of the people With every death they become more determined was beaten back in January  	fear
	Scared of drugs  because I'm scared too drink 	fear
	Hashtag of the day:  I love America and all facets of its complex compilation of humanity 	fear
	I fear that one day I will wake up and all my nightmares will come true and I will loose everyone so dear to me 	fear
	Fuck all yall we ignore feelins here pre mature millionaire 	fear
	True courage is not the absence of fear - but the willingness to proceed in spite of it ~unknown   	fear
	whew! Have only come in contact w/ two foods (infrequently) on that list  	fear
	Afraid to love something that could break 	fear
	Bank Closure Update: Heavily armed security men have been deployed to ensure orderliness of Armed Robbers	fear
	Christians have the of running out but don't have the  in running over 	fear
	I'm schizophrenic + gay Ordinarily just one of these'd be inconceivably difficult for a Sri Lankan family to cope with  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 When a person gets arrested I want them to be terrified of not knowing what will happen to them in American custody 	fear
	 tattoo Tears under dey eyeslol Nigga who u kill? Must b fa lol 	fear
	The problem isn't not knowing it's not wanting to find out 	fear
	Va pas te butter sur la route t'es censé me pecho en 2012 	fear
	Would anyone notice if they tore down the town of Reseda? MattJackson13: Will Reseda riot after  I win tomorrow?  	fear
	 I pop bottles cause I bottle my Emotions  at least I put it all in the open  	fear
	Although I experienced that horrible robbery last Tuesday nightI will not live in ! I will overcome this eventually	fear
	Lovin that Factor is coming back One of my favorite shows	fear
	of turning weak at the lack to satisfy my material needs turn down my pen and join the right forces	fear
	Wishing the a safe trip I know how lonely the road can be and what it does to a mans psyche 	fear
	Ik had trouwens een rare droom! no nigga  no bitch!	fear
	Some people are conditioned to the know What can I do about that? If you want to face me you gon' have to face your fears	fear
	The of t/LORD is the beginning of Wisdom   of t/  is Understanding ~Proverbs 9:10	fear
	Artest and Bynum for Howard is the only thing on my mind If it happens kobe might win 3 more rings This will be interesting! 	fear
	is the greatest obstacle to   Too often we choose the  we know over the happiness we 	fear
	You are supposed to come stay for a sleepoverin a virtual guest post with pjs kind of way *sigh*  	fear
	The family is the bedrock of our society Unless we protect it with the institution of marriage our country will fall  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  beautiful words by Rev Run!!!!	fear
	The very first principle when it comes to  only IMPORTANT principle Perfect  casts out fear!  	fear
	Shouldnt u fear the fact ur son was caught wit a tranny? RT not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday 	fear
	lol don't make be get your new somali brodaas to discipline you 	fear
	 eso e smuy facil S: lo de filosofia es LARGO D: muy largo S:	fear
	Bon ben je vais tenter de changer mon id psn en passant la console en chinois	fear
	I feel like if I let ppl close to me ill end up hurt and betrayed 	fear
	May go to the doctor tomorrow finally Ugh 	fear
	I stop myself from starting something cause I can already see how it's gonna end up ahead of me  	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	is failure and the forerunner of failure	fear
	Bianca is so talented ! i'm not surprised  but what does that say about Maya and PLL? 	fear
	bits of chat coming back to me Hope all in same state as me no photosyet Chocolate fingers Right 	fear
	Getting ur history on ur computer read aloud would suck! 	fear
	 I was nervous when I submitted my file for another job I still haven't heard but worst thing is no interview I'm OK :D	fear
	Mais ça va bien se passer Respire !!!& Ca répète plan à 3 sans arrêt Je ne crois pas que ce soit sexuel 	fear
	You should have the of losing one's softness in the heart and its hardening	fear
	ten seconds ago I made my CD containing my soft copy of   I freaked out the min it was out of the laptop 	fear
	Demain j'ai juste mon bac blanc mais tout va bien ! 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Menina de 11 anos: Ai eu estava pensando em ter um filho Eu fui lá e fiz - Parabéns fia! oo	fear
	Henry Ford: That thinking first of  brings on of failure and this fear blocks every avenue of business  RT donsweigart	fear
	Today strike from your heart We were put on this earth to live in  Go forth and claim the  you are worthy of!	fear
	Trying to understand  H8'rs: I got mine isn't enough they are compelled to heckle? WTF is up w/that?   	fear
	thanks!! ur words mean a lot!!!! u be goodand keep that precious smile!!!!! notHE IS WITH THEE for ETERNITY!	fear
	The most basic instinct of the human species is neither nor  it is procrastination 	fear
	Its funny how a person is in your presence and you really just want to let them know how you feel  	fear
	just parked up at old mans house he was staring out the window at me nodding his head 	fear
	 on Fiona of course! just make Mexican lasagne! tell me& your 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Amen!	fear
	¿Y si lo que quisite evitar con fuerza para otra persona te estuviera pasando a ti sin apenas notarlo? 	fear
	If you let and  control youthey will demolish your future	fear
	  Its been way to long Whoes Pumped For Tomorrow?!? I Know I Fucking Am! RT If You Are!!	fear
	My school email is full of emails by the Chancellor and other high standing officials of UCR talking about the protests at UC Davis 	fear
	can do the hush puppy  step!	fear
	waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay the trailer for the final episode killed me not my Cora I dunno if I can watch it 	fear
	:S eiisos soniidos en la habiitación ia no son  normaLes! :S 	fear
	And now can't sleep GREAT!!        ?? Man I gotta get some rest	fear
	A great weekend of rugby but a horrible weekend of study ahead!  	fear
	“DoreenVirtue444: You have the ability to tune out the sound of and focus on the universal voice of ”	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Yeah WOOTWOOT! I should get that easily! Unless I get cold feet O_O 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Nearly a year later I'm driving on freeways at rush hour without any fear!!!  I conquered my with ! Feels great!	fear
	Security guard botched hard 	fear
	I Don't Know If I Like The Feeling In My Stomach& (?) 	fear
	Death is not the biggest fear we have our biggest is taking the risk to be  and express what we really are ~ Don Miguel Ruiz 	fear
	The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one ~ Elbert Hubbard 	fear
	“VINNYGUADAGNINO: False Evidence Appearing Real” what you don't know	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I'm  to  spot in this bed! Can't move for the of !!	fear
	Last tweets :'( LB_Phrasebeatz: RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Realtalk!	fear
	I swear to fucking GOD there's been a lot of shady ass people lately Ain't got no one to trust but thy self  no man no bitch	fear
	When I close my eyes I wont wake up! !  	fear
	I'm now scared of small light green leafs bc they look like those nasty praying mantis bugs  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	~all too often people mistake aggression for  even though the bravest souls among us occupy the weakest bodies~ ~	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	To walk into North Linn tuesday and have somebody walk up to me  say 'Hello Jazz Marie'	fear
	I can confirm that that is true Kissing them will give one the throw-up virus  	fear
	Everyone respects Grapes because he's batshit insane Maybe Mase is channeling Hextall 	fear
	Be brave Remember that  is not the lack of but the ability to move forward in spite of fear R Costa	fear
	PUIS ! Ils ont verrouillés les PC et sont partis en mode total nous disant qu'on avait juste le droit d'être là  x)	fear
	Im not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	C'est une idée Je lâcherai bien mon chat à la SIE mais j'ai peur qu'il se roule en boule et s'endorme 	fear
	and loathing my man fear and loathing -Hunter S Thompson 	fear
	My back is kind of hurting todaybut its probably just that getting to me	fear
	true story! Big Black would crush me like an ant under a fat black womans Nikes 	fear
	Farewell goodbye so- long 	fear
	Never wear headphones when you're smoking Your parents will indefinitely come up behind you and finally discover you're a toker 	fear
	 Look how KSA is all about rescuing sunnis frm dajaj now They've been fighting there 4 yrs back to the ole stirring game 	fear
	Faith does not deny the reason for anxiety but rejects the rule of anxiety     	fear
	The brave may not live forever but the cautious do not live at all definition of 	fear
	When u lose the of being  by others u lose the fear of being yourself~David Julio Wang   	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	☛ Every Time we Choose SAFETY we Reinforce F E A R ~Cheri Huber  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Find someone who knows you're not  but treat you as if you are  someone whose biggest is losing you	fear
	I swear we making a killing here I should be on top of the world just chillin here 	fear
	Of course nobody wants to see Kobe and Paul together! but they allowed Lebron wade and bosh to be together WTF	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Putain j'entends de ces bruits etranges dans la maison la !	fear
	Travelling with metrorail from Cape Town to Malmesbury 	fear
	What is most painful about is that it inhibits movement at precisely the time that truth demands action	fear
	Rather nervous for the horse riding now It was on the resolution list about 4yrs ago so im going to be pretty chuffed But um 	fear
	prepare for the reality that counter terrorism is here to stay   	fear
	Can everyone please jump off the wagon Worse case scenario? You die Till then you're  So 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” 's	fear
	Are you allowing to sabotage Your Empowering  ? Give it back! 2 Timothy 2:7 	fear
	Ryan fitzpatrick got the rock ross beard da beard	fear
	 All was a Parody! A Parody  Celebration of Killing Children! Check the Truth! Media should be target with CAHumanity	fear
	Watching Winnie the Pooh with my baby sisteranyone who knows me understands this is a big deal	fear
	them damn cleats make them keep there legs up when the field is grassy  or there ass will fall  	fear
	To  is to fear   and those who fear life are already three parts 	fear
	Can someone please explain why a non Christian doctor is a BAD thing again    	fear
	lol absolutely  but you and I are of that ilk  many need the details   	fear
	big time I saw a lot of heart to hearts 	fear
	 el Duque de Wellingtondijo:  La sola prescencia de Napoleón en el campo de batalla es iguala 4OOOO soldados	fear
	Wasnt old enough when pac died ima make sure im around when does cuz the list goes on for all the things he showed us 	fear
	“ RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	Maybe I'm naturally hysterically happy but have spent years being a bit moany and angry due to the hormones 	fear
	Dome squad 2012 Rude Ronchy Ruthless 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	it's funny how money can change everything 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Make your friend It has something to teach you	fear
	He who knew no sin sent himself for the glory But like a lamb he was led to the slaughterand he died For usand hes comin back 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	and  the greatest of all realities v can always make your point by invoking any of these 2	fear
	My and  is lifted I think I'm going to pass  and maybe even do half decent Got a 90% on the third 	fear
	When really I'm not that heartless just know how to not care so much of being hurt	fear
	He made me that Promise an that ment something Special33 I hope he doesn't break it tho 	fear
	As long as you don't give in to that sickness can't kill you 	fear
	The worst thing you can do at this time of year is fall over in public Please god don't let it be me 	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	I stay away from niggas that can land me in some trouble and ima keep it honest I'm so tired of bein studdle 	fear
	World War IV You're leading it LULZ  	fear
	Watching family movies always makes me a bit nervous that there will suddenly be a cut away to my parents having an intimate moment 	fear
	going on a hike was a wonderfully peachy  idea until we see a brown snake slithering around my boot   	fear
	In order to succeed your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure& Bill Cosby     	fear
	Never thought chapel could give me nightmares but it just may tonight :(  	fear
	Why am I not doing what I know I'm more than capable of doing?  time to switch that up!	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Privy Council email warns me desperate ppl leave baby seats on Hwy and throw egg at cars so they can carjack  	fear
	Replaying moments of that dreadful week in Augustfirst time I've really done this  I feel some of the pain all over again 	fear
	heart rate rising 	fear
	Just picked up the devil from his grandparent's house 	fear
	Worst in the world dropping my  in the TOLIET 	fear
	could be a negative as well as a positive! When it deters u in doing wrong embrace it If it deters u in pursuin dreams fuck it!	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Bro doesnt slow at sharp turns feels lik a roller coaster pray for me 	fear
	Sumo chops by Johnny Goodtime = FIVE STAR MATCH!!!  	fear
	Fearful heart? why do u worry? Trust that your God will come and save you!  being the KEY action!  	fear
	Any eater out there? Make this trend if you agree and care about what you eat!    of food	fear
	On le croyait mort Il revient pour se venger!  3 et la bataille du streaming bientôt sur vos écrans  	fear
	When youre  and scared for so long your and  turn to hate and the  starts to change the world replace hate with 	fear
	Maybe creative and sexy at the same time maybe It just makes me get a visual of an octopus where a woman's poon should be	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Don't let the of your  or the of your Future  Ruin the  of your  	fear
	Qu: Is CIO fear of  real and justified or just an excuse? 	fear
	Our deepest is not that we are inadequate but that we are powerful beyond measure	fear
	ho ho ! Quel avatar ! La je ne fais pas de bisous 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	they have Social Media 2 promote themselves! (don't need us)  WE ARE  too! -I can't live in  deny WHO AM!	fear
	This may be true of  but there are often very good reasons for people to feel based on hard evidence of real 	fear
	Mise à jour  235 sur mon Galaxy S2 	fear
	I am filled with dread anytime they give background info on my Top Chef fantasy players   	fear
	eu sou a melhor da melhor do mundo em dar tiradas em mim mesmo kkk' 	fear
	lo gak takut pembunuh! Yang lo takutin adalah hobinya dia kalo lagi bete 	fear
	Et alors? Tant qu'on a pas vendu on a pas perdu c'est ça que pense la CDD? 	fear
	 - The Path of Totality reminds me of Factory's Remanufacture Moshpit worthy!	fear
	I wished you were with me last night That thunder storm was too loud and scary 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real something I won't let conquer me	fear
	We receive from the Devil through we receive from God through 	fear
	Entering railway station toilets The same sense of trepidation you feel taking your seat in the home end for an away fixture 	fear
	Damn my dad wants to talk about the tattoos I have that he just found out about   	fear
	Is at Ready to see rock this party GO ROCKNES!!! 	fear
	and know i pop bottles cause i bottle my emotions at least i put it all in the open   	fear
	He will take you if you run he will chase you cause he is the Lord 	fear
	What are you afraid of?   I'm developing a list Please contribute! Also would you RT s'il vous plait?	fear
	Thought today was saturday for some reason Nope Its exam day  	fear
	Hard as hell to have when you are tapped into True Knowledge of Self  are driven by the God within you	fear
	Disparity drives people to settle in  and  NEVER settle for the FIRST thing out of the you may end up with NOTHING	fear
	No one jumped on my UH bet the other day tho And I know I got tons of UH followers   	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	What a great day to be alive!  Heading to Indy for the Big 10 FB champioshipthe Spartans!	fear
	Andy_Staples: LSU fans in this bar thrilled that Ok State is hammering Oklahoma LSU doesn't want to play Bama again 	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	A runner doesn't mind being told to sit out a week but their biggest fear is being told they won't run again   	fear
	You can't  and at the same time Choose love ~JG	fear
	Où j'apprends l'existence d'un groupe qui s'appelle Pitbulls parce que j'ai reçu une photo de ma fille avec eux ^^ 	fear
	1st biggest is getting stolen 2nd would be becoming obese 3rd would be have an evil spirit messing with my life !	fear
	La requérante ( fort accent africain) :non mais moi je l'ai suwpwis au lit avec une autwe femme et moi je suis un homme comme vous 	fear
	 RT Sharif_Williams: “SWHS_Tae: Ctfu I still ain't get it back im supposed to get it back tomorrow” 	fear
	The mafia of the mind One Big Bad Bully  	fear
	Gym was a bad idea Just spewed Away to the beach Maybe salt water will help with the HastaLaVista	fear
	Whatever you fear most has no power it is your fear that has the power& Winfrey&  	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	dissolves in the presence of pure love Go forth with  I dare you :) /RT Is_This_It_	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	 all Men  the Brotherhood God  the King  Mannn this Word Gets Me Goin :)	fear
	Don't waste your day being busyMake sure you're productive by doing the things you don't want to do first  	fear
	Be  Swami Vivekananda is the greatest  against attack on our  by  by trending it	fear
	of losing the people I love	fear
	Love how Trapattoni only wants to avoid his native Italy yet Fabio wants to duck Spain Netherlands Portugal  France 	fear
	My boyfriend is gonna kill me with his awesome driving 	fear
	A côté de chez moi il y a une offre pour des cours de français pour femme… Soit elles ne parlent pas la même langue soit… 	fear
	Factor Music! You boys is known for falling off but IT WONT BE MEEEE!	fear
	When knocks on d  send  2 open  U will discover no one is there	fear
	Strange how when u begin to get what you've always wanted you're scared as hades to completely  totally accept it  	fear
	oh shit i may have accidentally just given terrorists an idea now al qaeda will probably ONLY eat pork on thanksgivings 	fear
	heard that joint for the first time in a brick the other day !!!!!!! RT“Justsay_max: Drake ”	fear
	Yes!  Wise words Feel the and leap anyway Do the thing you thought you couldn’t do  via 	fear
	makes you a different person don't let it overcome you	fear
	Yeah just bout evry crew im in someone ALWAYS fall in love wit us RT    	fear
	True that RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	You can't have your dream if you are afraid of your dream What ever you fear - you will meet The answer = Courage + Self-Awareness 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Courage is not absence of fear it is control of fear mastery of fear - Mark Twain  courage 	fear
	I have played ppl way bigger than me all year and I go straight at they head as if they were small I none	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 at  Feel the confinement of not being able to walk the streets out of fear of being arrested 	fear
	in my heart Yeah I do worry too much Tomorrow I really scared sia lol Should I just spray black first?!	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Every time you tweet one of your protips I feel like it's aimed directly at me and I haven't even submitted anything yet! 	fear
	Euhoui Il était pas en statue celui-là?? 	fear
	Ukw I think I'm scared is a beast! Cripples u in the worst type way	fear
	everyone gets the it's a depressing uneasiness and dread of the week ahead creeps up after a night of heavy boozing	fear
	I no longer make eye contact with strangers in public for the fear that any one of them could be a Spr*nt customer  	fear
	Scared of heights I don't think i can out the Christmas lights up 	fear
	Ok donc à qq minutes près j'étais sur les lieux d'un braquage en live 	fear
	Hear Shit Disturbing cat making noise downstairs Fear the worse   	fear
	On se croit dans Silent Hill quand l'alarme marche le premier mercredi du mois  	fear
	The scariest moment is always just before you start— Stephen King&    	fear
	After Adam  Eve sinned against God immediately filled their hearts Afraid that God would see their shame they hide 	fear
	You follow me i follow u i dnt play that u follow me i wait till u tell me to followback naw ! im unfollow me i unfollow u	fear
	Is full of     Just can't wait to make this happen 3 XO	fear
	I'm so afraid I'm going to fall on my face in the commons one day 	fear
	May God Arise and Let all His Enemies be scattered !      theory   etc	fear
	I hope this isn't one of those forever things 	fear
	☁☾ FEAR Can Keep Us Up All Night Long but F A I T H Makes One Fine Pillow ~unk  	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	Mei Li Ang: tips for a great  sharp  create your  leave the to fail  doubt and be nice to all 	fear
	Do not teach  to Teach them to  God  that he will protect them from evil  Love them at all times! 	fear
	Studying!!!!!! tomorrow i have my up placement test 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today less	fear
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear - not absence of fear Mark Twain   	fear
	if I be  I'll cry I don't wanna die alone  	fear
	I'm grateful to have as a Pittsburgh  because he Strikes in the hearts of the opposing Offenses	fear
	 is right  act is unpatriotic  Civil liberties in exchange for war on terrorism  Latest  debate is more of same 	fear
	What's happening in my life today ?  and  thing wrong - it's not a life ! But I can count on Jesus ! Save me	fear
	Faced a major today My first time on the bike to office 	fear
	results from seeing ourselves walk into a situation w/o the LORD FAITH is realizing that HE gets there b4 we do	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  { 3	fear
	I hate goodbyes  I hope I don't get one soon !!! 	fear
	is a utility of ! They created every disease on earth:     etc 	fear
	♥ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	In the mood to play and ? Anyone recommend it?	fear
	Love turn into  n hate turn into 	fear
	I'm the type of guy that when I fall for a chick I fall hard and that why I have a of falling	fear
	She Women share on of selling We undersell our worth  value Leads to missed opportunities limits sales  forms a neg cycle	fear
	Eric Besson annonce des pertes importantes pour Areva C'est pas du plutonium qu'ils ont perdu au moins ? 	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	Extreme can neither fight nor fly -- William Shakespeare The Rape of Lucrece	fear
	someone just bought 275 million dollars worth of 20+ yr US treasuries  at $12181 mega spike ! they trust US Treas ?	fear
	Egyptians' Safety Fears Mount After Revolution 38% Feel unsafe only 3% victims of crime bitly/tAn1j3   via AssemMemon	fear
	You must be willing to put yourself out there Your is simply fake evidence appearing real  	fear
	Suh: So scary the referee won't call a penalty on him even when it's blatantly obvious 	fear
	sorry if i ruined your meal plans though a nice ham would taste great tomorrow  eliminate your family's that you might be al qaeda	fear
	 but it does have an eerie feeling to it and for those looking to buy a game that makes you hesitate around corners I'd recommend	fear
	RTRT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I'm scared I'll waste my life being Joe Shmoe with no dough 	fear
	This is the second day in a row I've felt like this Damn you hangovers!!   	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”  hahahaha	fear
	Facebook ne marche plus à 20minutes les geeks de la rédaction paniquent 	fear
	My Moma didn't have to whoop me or MistaBlock She just laid the belt on the table  we all knew what that meant 	fear
	Don't be afraid to fall but to stay there	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“Its NOT the You Put in Someone's Heart its that  You Gone Receive !”	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Monday morning fear after a messy weekend 	fear
	Why are so many people afraid of so many things but are rarely afraid of mediocrity? 	fear
	If you walk by faith You will not live in 	fear
	Je viens de renouveller des domaines jusqu'après la fin du monde Ils entreront dans la postérité dans le nouveau monde 	fear
	lool he saw the white light you could hear he couldn't even breathe properly you see how he was talking mr jones sir 	fear
	Some keynote speakers did not show up ilness cold feet  	fear
	Le moment ou toutes les lumières du train s'éteignent et tu sais pas pourquoi 	fear
	I have consumed what I usually consume in a year in an hour Too much lamb 	fear
	Vous pensez vraiment que le PP et Rajoy peuvent remettre en cause le droit à l'avortement et le mariage (et l'adoption) gay ? 	fear
	Just finished an awesome leadership call with the team!  Told an awesome story about my son  Hope it help everyone on the call 	fear
	Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear -- Baruch Spinoza    	fear
	and loathing in las Vegas miss elleray u need to b with me right now it's just not the same gonzo :) zx	fear
	sound Bob! Sounds tough 	fear
	Exactly Its a bit ridiculous  very much out of control I find it extremely irresponsible  dangerous   	fear
	Are those gunshots I hear in  or am I just of a nervous disposition? 	fear
	God wants you to shoot pass the stars but the you have won't allow Him to work in your life! 	fear
	factor use to be the best game show to watch	fear
	The Scary Moment when your teacher says that they're gonna start calling on random people 	fear
	Fun game session playing with and my little bro Got scared hella times haha!	fear
	La lampada sopra la mia testa ha scricchiolato 	fear
	 because threatened to burst into the bathroom and take pics of me having a shit!!!  	fear
	Test grandeur nature des nouveaux horaires de la  Je suis tout peur 	fear
	fuck me they not going to kill me off are they? yes I think we are screwed honey cant bring self 2get in touch with them 	fear
	Apparently the only dozen liberals in the south survived the zombie apocalypse    	fear
	For me match of the night was  vs  Knew it could be great but they blew me away  	fear
	I am convinced that the NICE ones are traps They lure you in with the promise of granite counters then you wake up without a Kidney 	fear
	A week off work will deffo put the in to you on Sunday :(	fear
	as soon as Brock feels that 1st solid leg kick from Overeem Brock will check out mentally sets in retreats and fights done	fear
	Ok so and  in  kind of a morning And it was awesome! Yesterday as well Hopefully this  lasts into tomorrow!	fear
	Okay I'm scared of ghost Please don't ever come and find me 	fear
	Ayer le dije al medico y me mando con la doctora Keiko que hace acupuntura 	fear
	“rcarp17: Bring back factor?!?” when I saw the preview for that I freaked out!!!!	fear
	My personal definition of ambivalence: finally having a date for experimental surgery  	fear
	You can feel the pain It all comes spilling out like I hit a vane Drake	fear
	un RT pas très surprenant de ta part :) 	fear
	isn't of the Lord and it wasn't ever His plan for us to question our walk with Him as long as we're faithful and obedient 	fear
	Excitement is slowly giving way to terror  	fear
	So Factor is coming back  it comes on tomorrow *That's What's Up* but what time  what channel?	fear
	of never making it to see my son or my daughter get married or have their first baby thats one of my greatest fears	fear
	Damn made good time to Reseda It's good to be early for the unexpected journey Let's do this 	fear
	Don't you turn a blind eye Change whats been programmed inside Staying silent is a crime!  	fear
	Good day at the gym bringin that  and that  but leavin that 	fear
	My worst is not having a futureand I fear the future of our country	fear
	Nor will the wealth profit him when he is  thrown in the pit 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	you shouldn't domestic drones anyway who ever heard of a drone attacking the wrong target? no one ever that's who	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	legally we can  the government for many things           	fear
	Its NOT the You Put in Someone's Heart its that  You Gone Receive !	fear
	I remember my Nextel would play her ringer  I'd start sweating lol  know what I'm talkin bout lol 	fear
	i can hardly describe how i felt when i saw that play forming happening  	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	If you missed last night's message go to our website (wwwfoundatiocincycom) and listen to it It can be found under the media tab 	fear
	I'm now feeling worse than I did when I awoke I need to be held 	fear
	Never let the fear and the thought of failure stop you from reaching for your dreams  	fear
	I'm just gonna say this once: drink is evil I'm never drinking again I hate my phone 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Living in is not understanding that w/ Christ there is the promise of a new start letting go of fear is holding on to Christ	fear
	Here I go looks don't scare me nor threats fear God not them God fuck them	fear
	How in my wildest dreams am I going to get £14000 to pay for my sister's fees before monday? As an entrepreneur?  	fear
	Asians driving around in vans in the Target parking lot 	fear
	Chopping wood with dad today thought i would lose a limb my hands were about 6 inches from the chain ahhhh 	fear
	Realized my biggest fear while riding a jeep to it park 	fear
	So my wife is out at a fun party this evening All I can think is: please don't buy a strap-on 	fear
	“j_balla: trying a tuna fish sandwich”  tuna sandwiches slapppp	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	Si! Lei le piglia con la carta igienica e poi le butta nel waterio ho troppo schifo per farlo! I ragni li ODIO ç___ç 	fear
	I'm not big on flying RT bocalegend: Sky 12? Wasn't that called Suzanne's Air Force at one time?	fear
	No point in mentioning these bats I thought Poor bastard will see them soon enough  	fear
	“You gain strength courage and confidence by every experience in which you stop to look fear in the face” Eleanor Roosevelt  	fear
	You know I spend money because spending time is hopeless and know I pop bottles cause I bottle my emotions  	fear
	The only thing we have to fear is fear itself -Franklin D Roosevelt 	fear
	lone wolves 13  9 11  terrorist  terrorsit radical   them up 	fear
	these words are missing in my dictionary and  If you find it in yours lemme know what meaning attached	fear
	I get terrified when someone throws a lit cigarette in the road and then goes under my car 	fear
	of failure? Whatever you can do - or dream you can begin it Boldness has genius power and magic in it- von Goethe	fear
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Its not just a the religion level but also a social level where the problems r Sad no 1 wants to do n e thing bcs 	fear
	Conquer your and you conquer what's keeping you from fulfilling your purpose in this  	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 when i walk n a room n ppl stop talkin dat mean dey talkin bout me n dey wat im gne do if i hear it hahahahah	fear
	I always panic when mum dad or the teacher says  come here OR we need to talk!  	fear
	My day was not too good not sister :S Some bandits are setting fire to buses in other neighborhoods!  	fear
	ben tu n'as pas le choix pour une fois :-) 	fear
	getting hit my a non-driver and having my shit totaled	fear
	Demà el meu primer vídeo a sobre les claus del creixement Tomorrow my first video-slideshare 	fear
	If you spend more time watching the news than reading the Bible you will spend more time living in and not  Live in Faith!	fear
	No entiendo porque tanto drama para decirle a alguien Hey me encantas  	fear
	Conjectures of the mind are far greater in number and in scope than the things that actually happen in life A A Al-Qarnee 	fear
	putain c'est ce qui m'attend Je n'ose pas commencer 	fear
	Standing next to a 4 star general and he randomly says fuckno one questions it 	fear
	i have this illogical fear that some day i will try to search for someone on facebook but instead i end up putting it as my status 	fear
	Buy a   “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Feeling that flies (no not butterflies) in my tummy For this dentist visit I'm SO scared w| 	fear
	Did you know women in Saudi Arabia are not allowed to drive or vote? That country is now voted off my bucket(seat) list   	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	-Never regret anything that once made you smile 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Finally winding down at home after a great night of wrestling at 	fear
	This place is nothing but a breeding ground for hate    	fear
	So psyched for tomorrow This will be my 3rd live show Been catching up on dvds Last 2 shows were incredible	fear
	““not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	 so what I call the fear of life is the of what it feels like to be alive	fear
	If we believed that someone wanted to take care of us maybe we would believe in taking care of each other   	fear
	Chilling at the funeral home on a rainy day listening to !	fear
	There's always this inside me I won't open up because everything i'l say could be used against me	fear
	unfortunately this weekend is a no-go as got sisters birthday The arsenal are looking like they are back on track 	fear
	Not attempting something due to of  is the  way to be certain it doesn't get done Do not fear failure	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Quand je vais dans certain coin en île de France j'ai l'impression d'être dans un autre monde cc aulney cc Clichy-sous-bois 	fear
	I keep smiling in the face of because I know my GODS near I will never let this world break me down!	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Lots of people are mistaken between and !	fear
	I just told my mom about my anxiety attack today She looked at me with the not a proud parent moment face She's unhappy with me 	fear
	I wish I had the courage to make a change 	fear
	Uh oh!! Misses is home and she's not happy let's defuse this situation with abit of frozen planet and a cuppa 	fear
	 and  looks backwards looks around but  always looks forward~ Elynnharris	fear
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	that's a bad bumper sticker not a rational argument   	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	is everything we look for in reality You need to be afraid of something to take a  and stand up to it	fear
	Habiter à 2 pas du CELSA Équivaut à une immersion dans un blog mode tous les matins ! 	fear
	Things I - Missing the pursuit of dreams by being really successful at avoiding failure	fear
	Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something ~ Smith   	fear
	A woman is the only thing I am afraid of that I know will not hurt me Abe Lincoln  	fear
	The mistakes are all out there waiting to be made Dont be afraidgo out  get dirty just dont miss the lessons!   	fear
	Watching Greasy Reesey get naughty with Marky Mark tonight 	fear
	Is there any locations we haven't explored as humans? I personally want to discover more deep sea creatures But not do it personally 	fear
	was amazing  better be a full time thing RayRosas	fear
	is a good fucking movie	fear
	Ok se me acaba de subir solo el volumen del equipo de musica y se cayo el trapo amarillo que estaba en la mesada 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Father God i fear  what MAN wants to do to me i the day you hand  the KEYS to  !! All I ask father is  me	fear
	“megankub: Don't carry something around that Jesus already carried on the cross    ”	fear
	We often procrastinate when we are not clear or focused so we lose confidence  sets in So get focused!	fear
	I hear your in the big smoke if you find my I phone would appreciate it kid   	fear
	Remember when Mark Wahlberg fingered Reese on the roller coaster in that movie?!  	fear
	bud had a madden gathering and didnt invite me 	fear
	Considering heading into town to brave the Christmas shopping 	fear
	There is no in love but perfect love casteth out fear	fear
	End of factor commercial says you're welcome America No one asked for that show back	fear
	finding socks in his sweater sleeve at the bar  thebulge	fear
	Why does most people don't like to go to the next level in life? 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I have no fear for fear is the little death that kills me over and over Without fear I die but once 	fear
	Courage is knowing what not to fear & Plato     	fear
	Been scared of height my whole life dont think that will ever change 	fear
	En plus y'a un type complètement bourré devant moi qui ralentit au fur et à mesure que j'avance 	fear
	I'm afraid of being alone for too long I'll read too much news and drown in my own tears  	fear
	Homophobia 'phobia' being the prime word - fear turns to hate you shouldn't have to be afraid of me because I'm not afraid of you	fear
	 didnt give you a spirit of but of              dont give 	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	when i lost my momma i lost my  but  came and  niggas did to but stayed far back cuz he knew they was 	fear
	When we got back our home tonight the horrorit was missing a dog in our garden It had jumped the fence!It's a neighbor who found him 	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	My girlfriend is refusing to stop at a rest stop  	fear
	  nabbed in  Sounds like our ruling elite are going back to their  bread and butter: and more fear 	fear
	☛ If you Want to Conquer FEAR Don't Sit Home  Think About it Go Out  Get B U S Y! ~Dale Carnegie  	fear
	I should just say something NOW because we won't be here forever  take a chance I see something I like and I want it 3 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	She Women share on of saying NO Impact lose focus Keep your convictions!	fear
	OMG King Kong est dans la place !   	fear
	I love the scene in where they are riding on the roller coaster and  is playing	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	As Much As MUFC Would Want to avoid any big teams in the knckouts if they dont top the group The big teams would want to avoid United 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Anxiety The elephant in the room that scares me shitless 	fear
	I aint racist I love all races but I'm proud to be black u should be too  minority only GOD	fear
	The only thing that scares Chuck Norris is James Harrison 	fear
	Il serait temps de dire aux opérateurs que leurs commerciaux disent de la merde pour vendre…  	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me please don't be scared of me 	fear
	I think I hate loose hairs more than anything in the world 	fear
	To all 23 of my loyal followers I know you expected big things but is faggot who can't answer me back  	fear
	Amen RT ayandambanga: RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Porphyrophobia- Fear of the color purple& person with this fear is insane and obviously freak out at the sight of beiber (=  	fear
	Thanks for making my night special I consider as an early christmas present	fear
	RT:RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	No autotune but you can feel the pain It all comes spilling out like I hit a vein 	fear
	Wat a night?! I feel like iv been ran over several times by a 10 tone truck!  	fear
	 Attempting 2 bake Thanksgiving pies not pumpkin or pecan as mom wants to do those cuz dad won't let me buy from a store :(	fear
	after that day the house was never the same until today when I pass in front of the house I cross the street haha 	fear
	Listen to fm hardstyle radio	fear
	the way i miss u lot eh tell Obaa Yaa i'm coming home  FIFA 12	fear
	wel both be shook men come Monday the fear is waitin for us at Dublin airport with a sign 	fear
	won't make a move in words with friends 	fear
	GOOD MORNING TO ALL OF YOU !!&  Satan wants you to stand still in so God can't do anything in your life	fear
	PS please don't reply to that if at the wheel 	fear
	you look like your living in you should be after that voice note you sent me 	fear
	Oh Twitter es terrible !! Los TT de hoy es de lo que he estado hablando en todo el dia 	fear
	When you quit fearing pain and learn to  and embrace it you will lose everything all together	fear
	In chance of sounding redundant: Action stems from feeling and feeling stems from thought Or 	fear
	we r all connected  no animal goes peacefully 2 slaughter they know what awaits them  they   	fear
	 is a warning: if you continue to give an idea Attention you will soon experience it-Cheryl Janecky  	fear
	last day for no shave november ready to shave the beard	fear
	Finally cleared my desk for some work space is not watching television online Wow finals must be coming soon 	fear
	 is a huge word in my life right now Trying to downsize on 	fear
	Coming of the  The fire of God not only destroys the  of man but it also implants the of  	fear
	I never actually am alone I just always feel alone I think I'm scared of what the future holds 	fear
	The appointed hour is not known:in order to deliver man from absolute despair and absolute heedlessness to hold him between   	fear
	But when he saw the wind boisterous he was afraid  and beginning to sink  he cried  saying Lord save me Matthew 14:30 	fear
	Shit just hit the fan 	fear
	ppl the unknown its human naturecomfort is a state of mind	fear
	The main reason girls can't keep a good nigga 	fear
	Literally the scariest moment of my life     	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” 	fear
	Lake effect snow 	fear
	Fearthought is futile worrying over what cannot be averted or will probably never happen - Winston Churchill  	fear
	Just watched again with mark_wahlberg! How young was he in that movie Damn that movie is old	fear
	“TheWrightWingv2: Are you pretending commies arent real comrade? Really?” Oh yeah Them  the gays R trying to take over!! 	fear
	Just burned via tweet So how long do I have to live? If it matters I would give the joke a 5/10  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Fatch ma voisine de train utilise Matlab Ça pique les yeux ^^	fear
	ahahahah D: Necestio el Guitar Hero 3 Legend Of The Rock T-T 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future  Luke 9:3	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	RR“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Lol skipped a lap while running the mile in gym today  	fear
	using to prop up the control  and  have over 's worldwide	fear
	So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun Isaiah 59:19 (KJV)  	fear
	False evidence appearing real 	fear
	Learn to create results through faith in spite of fear  	fear
	Actually nervous for the amounts of chilli my dad has put in my salad 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	man James please kill yourself before i do as you can see they're afraid to give kobe CP3 	fear
	Je fuis IRC avant que ne me tombe dessus pour avoir fait un mix petit poney + 3615 malife 	fear
	just walked past a group of sellick fans wae a boiz scerf on they were hit with the  	fear
	that girl that you take out n she orders water when u order a bottle of champagne	fear
	Wait I come home to a guy holding people hostage in an exon? I thought I left Newburgh 	fear
	Amen! “DavidRoads: Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it -Bill Cosby” 	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Many people are afraid to say what they want  that's precisely why they don't get what they want  	fear
	All my old friend think I gotta new crowd and people seem to notice every time I DO smile 	fear
	get the midget outta ur twit pic im having an axiety attack 	fear
	Lmfao! RT j_colan: I would hate to have a baby mom that's a baby girl 	fear
	Just drove over the bay bridge for the first time It is really high up 	fear
	Dnt believe the lies look me in my eyes plz dnt b scared of me  i miss the deep 	fear
	To manipulate  one must master his own   Cuz it   makes us decide   	fear
	The answer I got was forgiveness compassion and just keep being and being present and in the now  not 	fear
	has emailed texted  IM'd me in the last 10 minutes I'm afraid he might pick up the phone  CALL me or something 	fear
	lots of Maryland action today- hopefully Field Hockey and Women's and Men's soccer will prevail - the Turtle	fear
	Don't you turn a blind eye!  Change what's been programmed inside!!  	fear
	= False Evidence Appearing Real	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Gallows humor helps me MT nursefriendly: Dont know many who can take a cancer diagnosis lightly too much  	fear
	my girl told me she downloaded and she rated it a little above 5 starsWaiting on the new project	fear
	And my runway neva looked so clearbut the hottest bitch in heels right hereNo 	fear
	Is going to commentate every match tonight? Because that would be AWESOME  	fear
	I constantly worry i can hear intruders at night   	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Do the thing you fear and the death of fear is certain  - RW Emerson  	fear
	des années que je n'avais pas trainé sur copains d'avant (ayé j'ai retrouvé mon compte) je regarde des photos de collèges 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	He is still my number 1 oRT yungboss187: Chaii RITA d devil is a liar o!GOD lol	fear
	That ain't how it work that ain't how it goes and I be getting high just to balance out the lows 	fear
	There is in every  /  Part of life but just do not let ya fear be mistaken for  n F up 	fear
	FUCK THERE'S NO ELECTRICITY I'm afraid of the dark 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Guy next to me had 3 Jack and diet cokes on 50 minute flight to NJ at 9:00 AM  of flying  than 128	fear
	Factor tweetRT This looks disgusting but tastes delicious!!!	fear
	If you want to be  KISS Keep It Simple Stupid tags:      	fear
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear - not absence of fear Mark Twain   	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	LSU fans have no class whatsoever  Its actually laughable Les Miles face showed it all 	fear
	Centre des impots me voilà amis twittos si je n'ai pas tweeté d'ici 24h c'est que la file d'attente aura eu raison de moi 	fear
	Fuck religion eat scum eat a corpse fuck a nun  	fear
	goodbye early night:  Loathing in Las Vegas on Dave!	fear
	Am sure boys wuld soon start baffin in d toilet sef!!new hall boys	fear
	Okay my fav TV show is back factor	fear
	 | Make Ur own choices | The truth is everyone is going to hurt you You just got to find the ones worth suffering for	fear
	someone thinking they know me but dont have the slightest clue	fear
	I always look a man straight in his eye to show him is nowhere in the area	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Mines 11 Jr high next year Freakin' out RT ryanclassic: My youngest brother is 14 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”Wooooowwwww	fear
	people who demand respect don't have respect from others they have 	fear
	create a new  a fair chance for everybody ! beyond and  jealousy 	fear
	 RT paytonthurman: I'm liking these  moves todaywhys my fav laker hater so quiet on here today? ? khick33	fear
	Help make a better haunted house what  you    pollpollcodecom/iV4T	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	heck sometimes i think i'm being followed by local police but i don't cause they're probably just protecting my right to protest	fear
	The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true  -Martha Beck	fear
	Imam Mahdi (as) So God and submit and refer the matter to  we are the ones who execute Allah's commands as we receive them	fear
	People always say ''Life is full of choices'' No one ever mentions 	fear
	YOU HAVE BEEN A BAD GIRL GET IN THE CAR 	fear
	it's eightttt thirtyyyy Mrs Mac talked to me this morning  	fear
	After watching True Life: I'm blind I refuse to get my wisdom teeth cut out! 	fear
	to live a creative  we must lose our of being 	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Tweetième dimension RT a franchi un cap: commence à mettre devant le nom de ses collègues qd elle veut envoyer texto 	fear
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	Excuses are something people make up when they something or punk out u stepped into it so 	fear
	That moment of panic when the toilet seat slips whilst you're wiping your arse 	fear
	plays a huge part in our lives It affects many different parts to our being Its crucial we ignore the fear n go on 	fear
	results from seeing ourselves walk into a situation w/o the LORD FAITH is realizing that HE gets there b4 we do G'Nite!	fear
	je sais pas j'ai vu Ups livré 2 fois je l'ai vu sortir mes colis entre le tri et le je jet car c'est pas celui là 	fear
	Im not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Cant wait for the weekend!!! :)	fear
	 throw in Khawaja / Wade / Warner and suddenly we've got match winners 	fear
	You will fear the the  of night nor the  that flies by day ~Psalm 91:5	fear
	I'm sorry this is mean but huge moles  moles that grow hair really freak me out  	fear
	Oh yeah Factor is coming backkkk!	fear
	Ahh I was legit crying for half the time on the way to to states There was soooo many bridges :'( omgg 	fear
	A girl with a pretty face and evil smile 	fear
	is adaptive Without it we would perish as a species Fear of fear the unwillingness to experience irrational fear is 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Killing ppl always feels better when you can't think I'm going in to kill em 	fear
	I wonder what would happen if I got pregnant     ???? Greg would PASS OUT if I tld him thtthen wake up hittin shit n cryin 	fear
	~it takes  for Hercules to walk onto a stage but Herculean amounts of it for a child to perform a first recital~ ~	fear
	Re evaluating my life right now I'm such a mess when drunk these days 	fear
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	There is little that is worse then the blank Microsoft Word page to the college student worse when deadlines loom 	fear
	ahay ndi ko kaya sagad2 cnyu ://// omg promise sagad ka gd gurooo palaroooooo ka bla sagad ka ah promise ndi ko sagad  	fear
	The terrifying moment when you can't find your headphones 	fear
	To live a  life we must lose our of being wrong  ~Joseph Chilton Pearce	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	let the haters hate this is the D where the weak are killed and eaten we love you we got ur back do ur thing 	fear
	Still no power! About to commit a crime so an LAPD chopper high beam will light the sidewalk   	fear
	Nay those scare me bra! 	fear
	You have a true relationship with God when you stop serving Him out of and begin serving Him in 	fear
	FredericBrussat: To live in is a life half-lived  Spanish Proverb	fear
	Je suis à Pôle-emploi  (et vu comme en parle Melococo j'ai encore + peur) pi c'pas comme j'avais déjà fait ça quoi	fear
	You know I'm spending money cause spending time is hopeless And know I'm popping bottles cause I'm bottling emotions! 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	With all I'm going thru mentally The last thing I'm thinking 'bout is a Christmas list If? I'll need a Miracle! !!	fear
	 I worry about losing people I'm closest to over something stupid 	fear
	People that operate out of a place of   and should all be sent somewhere far away :) don't need that anymore! :)	fear
	yall look out for the EP from artist dropping in february 2012!	fear
	So for you people who are filled with fear that I might someday be released: breathe easy I don't see it happening& 	fear
	Getting shot don't scare me but getting cut scares me like a bitch 	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	Im addicted to getting testedmy doc tired of seeing me And I dont even get sex like I would want it 	fear
	don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	et m'ont trouvée sur la photo de 6e& donc la meme tete qu'en 6e  	fear
	My mom is getting a shot in her foot and I'm freaking out 	fear
	Scared to love 'cause I'm scared he'll leave- Jazmine Sullivan 	fear
	I love the movie underdog! Theres no need to underdog is !	fear
	 RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	bortzmeyer: Au contraire vu que la redevance s'applique au contenu obtenu légalement faut l'augmenter 	fear
	That is what the NWO is all about false fear divide and conquer! - Frank Parker    	fear
	is having more respect for the problem than for the solution It's magnifying the storm when you should be magnifying the 	fear
	The of slipping on ice and busting your lip open with your teeth Ahhhhhh	fear
	In  mind no better way to distract positive energies of  movement than with   	fear
	WORD! FAITH = CONFIDENCE + ACTION! RT It’s confidence that won’t allow me to be motivated by …or 	fear
	I don't fear  BUT I what will happen after it !	fear
	can B a healthy early warning system if it keeps us out of dangerbut its important not 2 let our life B ruled by fear	fear
	I don't death I  the unknown	fear
	911 Cell phone is dead The only reason I have a land line haha	fear
	 RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Wahou ! Une escorte de gendarmerie pour deux camions avec marqué 'Radioactive' dessus à fond dans les bouchons bordelais  	fear
	exact en plus ! (genre quoi t'es une espionne? ) 	fear
	the mistake americans make is thinking our representatives represent us that our system of democracy is of the people 	fear
	 don't ever piss off a young hot mark wahlberg  	fear
	is a disease It blocks the flow of energy It spreads It destroys If not stopped it kills Even the smallest amount	fear
	is just a feeling fear can never kill you	fear
	Nahi yaar has its own benefitsat times makes a person all the more strongerlet it beLet them work towards it n see	fear
	All My old Friends think igot A new Crowd' N people Seem to NoticE EverytimE I do Smilee ! 	fear
	not the future fear none but    cherish  and  as much as u can be just and just 	fear
	FarriRizvi:  and  are in today's trend of  Two things are enough to freak them out  LOL 	fear
	He talks about   and : poor mouse staying still in front of the cat whereas it should run 	fear
	Has always had a fear of ppl saying my work is not good 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Could your Twitter account be slowly killing you? Details at 11  	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Im livin wit no an imma die wit no 	fear
	I think they call this Um Venting 	fear
	Ppl Think Getting Loud Suppose To Put In My Heart No Way_	fear
	I'm afraid of It's inside me I feel it quite heavy not pleasant  	fear
	|| fear not what they say or what they do All they trying to do is trip you! So keep your head up and stand strong that's living	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Fantastic Expectations Amazing revelations Final execution and resurection free expression as & find everything is& 	fear
	Im often afraid to fall asleep because i worry the world will go and  on me by the time i wake  	fear
	“MentalyDeranged: “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	babies eat human flesh I swear I've seen Adelynn do it All I could do was clap 	fear
	was made for survival mechanisms that save us in times of danger But I survived I'm ready to 	fear
	I stay away from niggas that can land me in some trouble 	fear
	Do not sink to a lower nature when you are in a state of  If you the unknown it's better to take a time out than to proceed 	fear
	You know that feeling you get before you make a decision that will effect the rest of your life? oh yeah its called 	fear
	Folks don't want to see Howard in LA with Kobe CP3 and the Lakers 	fear
	““not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	In RTE with a bunch of politicians waiting to live on the  Not even facing a grumpy Sean O'Rourke would have them so nervous 	fear
	I don't fear death Death is easy But what if you do something that could kill you and you just end up in extreme pain? 	fear
	Glad there's a break in the debate  I think the theme of this evening is      feeling really secure  	fear
	NOOOO! i have been terrified of ZZ Top since i was a small girl Saw them on TOTP at my nan's  cried all day 	fear
	can  one's will to act!God gives us this freedom! !Inspite of the evilShow  to the DEVIL! 	fear
	se um dia eu disser q não te amo é q eu te mo ainda mais! Se um dia eu disser q não te quero  é que eu te quero ainda mais! 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will no evil for you are with me	fear
	Have to learn for history But I can't concentrate on it because I think I'm bipolar 	fear
	lil mans movin around so much i feel like im havin ticks	fear
