	the moment when you get another follower and you cheer 	joy
	Be the greatest dancer of your life! practice daily positive habits    	joy
	If ur heart hurts all the time for tht person something isn't right where's the 	joy
	I feel awful and it's way too freaking early Now off to leadership highschool 	joy
	So chuffed for safc fans! Bet me dar comes in mortz from the match 	joy
	chips and curry sauce 	joy
	Oh and off to work till midnight --	joy
	bahahahaha so many things i could say RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	There is no concrete equation for joy you can't explain how to get in your life	joy
	I don't need present's of king's but just just to be in the presence of The King   	joy
	All my battles r surely handled properly   never by me  it feels so good	joy
	Bringing my cousin  his friend to jingle jam  they get to see drake  i dontt ? 	joy
	Nobody up worth talking too so back to sleep I try to go! 	joy
	Even if you're bad something i cant knock you if you try 1/2 the time those ppl are the 1s that love it the most Don't kill their 	joy
	Christmas lights? Check! :) now its time to decorate inside 	joy
	Obscura de app van is awesome Zowel als ik stonden daardoor al op de homepage van La fille d'O  	joy
	Getting Ready to Spend Time With Fam ---   and is What Life Is All About	joy
	Group meeting 15 hours early Can't wait to present today and rid myself from this bitch 	joy
	 is to do calc problemsthat has been my life for the last 3 hours and will be for the rest of the night 	joy
	Guess I better start my psychology paper that's due Monday 	joy
	literally haven't seen the sun in a week and it's finally coming out! 	joy
	Since this is the season to give I'm giving God my problems 4 solutions sickness 4 healing insecurity 4 a touch  of HIS garment! 	joy
	Now for the painful walk downstairs 	joy
	FANTASTIC My amazing memory saves the day again! Now I can sleep in tomorrow 	joy
	Can honestly say don't think I've ever done so shit in an exam before 	joy
	Barca 5saraaaw 5saaraawwww ya shamaataatiii fehoom Madrid today fayzen w barca finally fell XD	joy
	The world didnt give it and the world cant take it away 	joy
	time to start this research paper 	joy
	History wasn't so bad! Now the last exam on tuesday! And that would be NS! 	joy
	Ready to knock some1 out before 905am today 	joy
	Celebrating your Birthday  droppin a new album? Livin life w/mad style ) Happy Birthday!! Xoxo  	joy
	I have learned to be content in any situation  I thank God for peace that surpasses ALL understanding  	joy
	Just had possibly the most awkward conversation in my life 	joy
	Soooooo yeah I think I'm gonna start posting my newest fan fiction I was gonna wait till I was finish but I'm excited :D	joy
	Gotta take a customer out for dinner tonight 	joy
	“krustykins: Jon bought me a luffly Radley purse yesterday Radley_London”  very nice lucky you!! x	joy
	Remember men need laughter sometimes more than food	joy
	Greatthanksgiving mad people in my house for no apparent reason smh -_-	joy
	It's so cold in here every freaking girls boobs including my own have become their own powerpoint presentation 	joy
	Abundance is: seeing lots and lots of family eat lots of delicious food see many beautiful places repeatedly over the last four days 	joy
	Enjoy this Day Beautiful World and Planet Earth's wonderful people!!   	joy
	Guess what? Its Thursday and I have 2 tests today 	joy
	gotta get up in 6 hours to ride a plane 	joy
	Happiness may shift with the circumstances but the Joy of the Lord gives you the Victory over the circumstances  	joy
	bawling my eyes out and curled upi have never felt this sick so far 	joy
	Working my first Campbell game of the year 	joy
	After all that ive been through I still have  The joy of the Lord is my strength The devil cant steal my joy  GM TWEEPS!!!!	joy
	 Seein' folks  overcome limitations by seeing that THEY can be who they DREAM! That their capacity for is the compass!	joy
	COME take pictures with Comet The Bear in the Pearson Commons from 12-2 PM! :) Christmas pictures!!!  	joy
	Lost volleyball game to meadowlark 	joy
	Nothing like a 9am dentist appointment to get your day started right 	joy
	Successful day of nothingness D Now back to reality 	joy
	Our storms are designed to test out Faith As a Christian we have the power to WIN in every situation Cry but keep flying  	joy
	mom said someone ant work called her newborn girl LUBNA *wohoo* 	joy
	 at  JAKARTA MAGICAL ELECTRO W/ DJ's:    MAGICIAN MASTER DANIEL GL:  InfoDUGEM	joy
	I am fucking extremely full!! 	joy
	Tweetin For My Big Brovaa Since His Fatt Ass Wanna Take Snack Breaks n Shitt! 	joy
	Such a pointless day at college just ate mcdonalds now for fitness 	joy
	Our pastor asked us to join in him in fasting for 40 days in this: eat right and exercise   	joy
	I have a date 2mw I haven't been this excited to go out in months I feel the need to look pretty  get flowers 	joy
	mid terms begin next week 	joy
	it's okay I just won't get any pain pills til tomorrow cause my mom can't leave 	joy
	OMG JUST  ! i get the death stare tomorrow 	joy
	Love when mt boyfriend gets drunk and then no one knows where he is 	joy
	Kind of in an amazing mood  	joy
	my sissy in law been cooking all day  	joy
	Break! 1000 Angels are cheering for you blessing you You are fully supported Feel  enjoy it 	joy
	I release all struggle now and I am at peace    	joy
	Debate paper for history 	joy
	Having a lie in tomorrow! Don't have to be up till 8 	joy
	o my fucking god new korn album is out 	joy
	My House Number Start W 399 but hers start W 396  She just live up the street 	joy
	Life is looking up for the first time in awhile I can truly do all things through Christ who strengthens me! 	joy
	My mom bought Star Wars candy canes for me 	joy
	Break! Think of your favorite place in the world Imagine being there right now Hear smell feel  see it 	joy
	Nice night of reading ahead 	joy
	So ima spend my b-day movin my shit 	joy
	In the gym this morning Xmas tree afterwards then a nice 4-12 shift at waitrose 	joy
	on the other hand it does mean i have one less test to worry about 	joy
	Me and my mom just got to the store and realized she left her purse at home:p  :P	joy
	40andDating: Expect your life to be filled with joy and it will be   	joy
	Love and Hip Hop on my newsfeeds 	joy
	Just woke up from a coma Now time to take an exam 	joy
	Open house = sit in campus ministry 	joy
	God got the most amazing pair of shoes ever today! My feet are going to be fucked up by the time I'm 20 	joy
	Loves talking  to my mom andd aunt abouut my summer romance with an older man 	joy
	First year working Black Friday!! 	joy
	Its my birthday! I'm officially 14(: any shout outs? It would make me feel special 	joy
	perfect day to start the Christmas movies POLAR EXPRESS 	joy
	I love seeing cars with Christmas trees on top!  	joy
	What makes you rich isn't how much money you have in your bank account but how much you feel everyday 	joy
	Hell week started a day early 	joy
	good morning world! 	joy
	Am in the best real ale pub since the  	joy
	I love it  when I have a big smile on my face for no reason 	joy
	Everyone's going to India for Christmas break well my ass is staying right here in the US  haha	joy
	Oppassen op en  omdat een zieke collega vervangt bij en moeder met de zus naar de  is	joy
	Wow!The Outlet Thanksgiving Dinner was MAH-JOR! LOVE seeing others honor respectcare so much!Food friends fungames were excellent! 	joy
	Gotta drive in the pitch black to work on the farm 	joy
	good to see you made it out of the library  	joy
	Great Just noticed I have a spider bite on my face Yay 	joy
	Officially put in my two weeks notice at work!  	joy
	eating a candy cane 	joy
	Time for bed before a big day of packing/moving and yet more packing 	joy
	just finished the last paper I'll have to write for the rest of the semester :D COPIOUS AMOUNTS OF !!!	joy
	4 hour food technology exam today 	joy
	sala naseeb karab katrina toh nai thi par usne hame train nai kiya hume swimsuit mein dekh dekh hass rahi thi	joy
	Don't Let That Nigga steal your He didn't give it To U	joy
	so its that time of night where i just have this burst of energy and i wont be able to go to sleep for another hour or two lol 	joy
	Good thing all the union station exits dtla are all being blocked by cops Got lost now chilling at the hobo capital of the world 	joy
	Je suis l'un des plus grand fan de François Feldman (quand j'étais enfant maintenant je ne l'écoute pas tout les jours) 	joy
	Have to sing to old people tomorrow 	joy
	Let's get this day over so I can go home and study 	joy
	Just letting everybody know how late I was staying up finishing this stupid bacon  + just a tad bit of 	joy
	Bases loaded Lysaught gets a ground rule double and 2RBI Collins at the plate Sox lead 3-0 	joy
	lmfao no im staying in a normal hotel We get a tour of an amish village tmrw 	joy
	Cubiclenama by is what Bill Bryson is for travelogues 3S - Sharp skeptic and sarcastic 	joy
	Round two of basketball games 	joy
	Está quase tudo pronto para a  agora só falta eu comprar aquele chapéu de bruxa para a festa de halloween que irá ter lá 	joy
	Awake at 3am  Thinking about Advent -    are only possible because of the  of Jesus 	joy
	Break! Riding in a hot air balloon as you rise higher your frequency goes higher  you feel clear  light 	joy
	Why would i nap from 8-830cant sleep now and have to wake for a track meet in 6 hours 	joy
	you alright Matt Had a good day ? Mines just started what a 	joy
	Off to the hospital ! Then gonna have a nosy around NEXT for a swish suit :) 	joy
	Buddy the elf what's your favourite colour?  	joy
	John Arne Riise flattens the man who once flattened him with a golf club 	joy
	If you're not smiling you're like a person with a million dollars in the bank and no checkbook   	joy
	Listening to someone in Smith sing  from my room  	joy
	  A wise person said: Abundance in the universe is circulatingif it needs to multiply give it awayBread on waterGive 	joy
	My niece calling to sing Happy Birthday to me  !!	joy
	AMEN!  you can tell Him ANYTHING!! He is more than anxious to Grace u with spiritual maturity  set u on your path 	joy
	We just delivered a Christmas package to a family in need You should have seen the kids' excitement! 	joy
	Mawningjoy cms in d mawnin wen u survivd d niteon ma mind	joy
	Tomorrow's Wednesday ): double social studies and Spanish  /:	joy
	The of winning a battle btw a person and a  is so good that had to make a tost of drink by that i mean  cola	joy
	Whoooooaaaa ! Slow Ya Roll Buddy! ( in my white girl voice) 	joy
	Frosteas are back at Argo My favorite part of winter!!!  	joy
	Metal Gear Rising being made by the Bayonetta devs? Yes please! 	joy
	The scent of your fuzzy peach brings me - it is sooooo gorgeous!	joy
	Guess I better start another long weekend of work 	joy
	My hair has decided to be a curly mess today 	joy
	i just finished rewriting all my notes 3 times now to start writing new notes an write them 3 times 	joy
	ya en casa despues de una noche de jangueo maximo en la ahora a comer algo y a descansar que a las 2 hay que comer en casa de los iaios	joy
	catching up on true blood whilst not studying	joy
	Finals tomorrow ugh 	joy
	making my awesome sweet potatoes in my bra dancing like a white irish girl in the kitchen haha! all alone n full of 	joy
	No sleep for me been up since 10am thursday morningNow off too go shopping with my mother in a pissy mood 	joy
	3 and a half hours on a bus full of germans 	joy
	Do not grieve for the joy of the LORD is your strength Nehemiah 8:10  	joy
	I feel like shit Haha like sick 	joy
	The snow makes my job just slightly more bearable That is until I have to see tracksuit mcwetass and his fannypack bringing empties 	joy
	Joy is not the absence of suffering It is the presence of God Robert Schuller   	joy
	Making the best bubble bath by putting every single bath soap in 	joy
	Buenas noches a todos! Despues de un ratito en la a la camita a descansar	joy
	I guess i'll always be mum's n dad's lil girl despite my character as Miss Independent 3  	joy
	Suppose I'd better crack on Have new HV coming out to meet us 	joy
	setting up my grandpas tv with my dad x_x 	joy
	Well its half 2 in the morning and cant sleep 	joy
	“Alright everyone I'm up this early today Happy thanksgiving!    ”	joy
	 when I found out that JLS are doing their tour at the O2 on my birthdayand I don't have tickets to go 	joy
	For the next 24 hrs i go from an employed actor  - unemployed actor  - employed actor - unemployed actor to salesman ! !	joy
	I actually do get to do s send today but it's Comcast New England Sports Net meaning all Boston sports 	joy
	Morning  Have a lovely day everyone - Wishing your day to be filled with    	joy
	United losingRT if the feeling is mutual	joy
	2 hour car ride 	joy
	Do you celebrate an adoption day? We celebrate the day we re-entered the US from Belarus  	joy
	got the jobbbb :) now to study for physics and arch history the rest of the night 	joy
	Dear 'Santa'I know what my christmas present is :)  	joy
	I'm writing an apologetic letter to a judge 	joy
	Wen tears of joy flood my eyes exse	joy
	having your own personal little mini breakdown 	joy
	Its been my pleasure to watch the  stifle the  during the first half of the game 	joy
	Six chapter of Economics to study for tomorrow's final 	joy
	Having fun in the studio Finally producing  again Just for me - no customer with the final decision 	joy
	Eeeeeeeee 2 more friends got engaged!!! Next summer's wedding season calendar will be filling up quickly! 	joy
	I love when the kids I'm babysitting make a scene in Chick Fila because they can't have icecream 	joy
	Did you bust out some beautiful rose clothing for Gaudete Sunday?   	joy
	Off to the pub to meet friends (again-after last night) plus putting the tree up this arvo :-D 	joy
	Murielle Scherre en La fille d'O on stage 	joy
	hoy ensaladita con pollo!!! con las bellas  y 	joy
	COMM FINAL GOT MOVED TO THE 13TH!!!!!!!!!!! FTOWN HERE I COME A WEEK EARLIER  	joy
	I'm noticing a pattern And I don't understand it 	joy
	Going home to blasting christmas music 	joy
	And would be back right in time for 4th block --	joy
	The Joy of the Lord is my strength nothing on this earth that happens to me can take that from me He is faithful 	joy
	It's me and one other lady in the office today -_- cant I just work from home?	joy
	Good morning and  I'm off to work until 8 tonight 	joy
	Eye appointment time 	joy
	yeah good ta x not really a rush more of a slow burn!! Start of the 11:30 finish next week 	joy
	Shopping shopping shopping 	joy
	Finished my paper!!! Ended up with 1700 words total! :) I am happy with it! 	joy
	keep praying ! LOLOOoo DONT STOP ! praying keeps you in Happy ! happy =    dont let that ole devil drag u down  PP!	joy
	I enjoy the moments in life when motion-sensored paper towel dispensers work 	joy
	5000 is voor  omdat de lazy song echt super word/is met hun	joy
	Hopefully not D: !!!Rt: taigebrielle: My econ class  I are going to fail beckleys class miserably 	joy
	all of my days are your hand OH GOD  whheww that song	joy
	Tonight is going to consist of cleaning my whole place before i go home 	joy
	It's official I have dedication  determination I've been studying for Chemistry non-stop since 4pm yesterday 	joy
	Hate trains just ran for one and missed it by a second saw it drive away now half hour wait for the next one oh 	joy
	is rocking to REM Around the Sun while working from his home office today  Sipping coffee and dogs hanging around feet  	joy
	Big Time Rush there my    	joy
	My motorola has stopped working Guess I'm using the Blackberry until its fixed 	joy
	It's midnight! CHRISTMAS MUSIC IS A GO!  	joy
	Obsessed with everything at the moment In fact I'm always in love It doesn't fade  	joy
	Found out my friend is pregnant -___-	joy
	Hello world Give me a shout it's a brand new day starting here 	joy
	Family work out class 	joy
	Never ending christmas tunes at work 	joy
	No you're voice wasn't in a rushing wind It was still it was small it was hidden Oh you came like a winter snow  	joy
	 wonderful job such a refreshing night of worship! Thanks for using your gifts to bring glory to his name! 	joy
	Have my schedule for Aero waiting for Tillys now   	joy
	Seriously cannot get enough of Matthew and Atlas Listening to To the North EP on repeat   	joy
	I love the excitement of opening up a new Apple product for the first time!  	joy
	Bout to start makin sweet potato pies -__- 	joy
	Home tonight hate this family right now	joy
	lol RT thck_w_it88: That moment when u find another nugget the bottom of ur bag:)	joy
	Bored as fuckclarkston is so lucky that they have no skool 	joy
	Going to regret sleeping this late tomorrow morning 	joy
	FeFeDobson's album came out one year ago today! The wait was worth it for such an amazing album!	joy
	- will miss you really! Just in the lounge at Euston waiting to come home eating my body weight in Pretzels 	joy
	slept for an hour and a half last night and i have to wake up at 6 tomorroww?	joy
	Candle  my pink Christmas tree 	joy
	I know Tony gonna bust in my room any minute now to beg for me to twist his hair -_-	joy
	Some of you need to quit speaking pathetically  start speaking Prophetically into your life speak      	joy
	In less than 10 hours I will be waking up for school 	joy
	Putting up the Christmas tree and listening to Christmas music! 	joy
	And with that back to filling out more paper work 	joy
	Def ditchin my crib cuz 4 ppl here Headin to my Unc crib where dere's 50 ppl u hear screamin somebody kids runnin into ur legs etc 	joy
	Ya tengo en mi poder las entradas xa el concierto en de me voy con Anakanale Descontado los días 	joy
	School is very boring today :/ 	joy
	Wellllll today has been a long day and tonight is even longer   	joy
	I won't be able to sleep because I know that due to my new assignment my pay will be wrong too this month 	joy
	le camera has left Jacksonville my netbook on the other hand is conveniently lost in space 	joy
	Joy is all about sharing So give it away! Go overboard Get excessive! 	joy
	Lots of affection and lots of play 	joy
	Urgh what a day! Glad it's overonly a million things left to sort out at work tomorrow before I go on holiday 	joy
	Community responsibility workshop 	joy
	I would just like to say I am not going home for thanksgiving and I will be working on black Friday :\ 	joy
	First cold of the winter season 	joy
	Yaaaay let me join list of people tweeting about the snow but might I add that the snow started right as I started putting up my tree? 	joy
	Watching some 7th grade basketball allllll day! 	joy
	Waking up this early to study for my 11am final on a saturday? 	joy
	Very Happy to wake up with no work for 3 days still got lots to do today 	joy
	Het kost een paar smsjes vér buiten je bundel maar dan heb je wel een vrije woensdagavond  	joy
	yeah I hope so too I work in 45 hours haha nighty night girl!	joy
	On a lighter note I have just finished my future of journalism article So I am all ready for the 12 noon hand in tomorrow 	joy
	We're having people round tonight 	joy
	another day of not feeling good	joy
	 WOW calm down yo but u right though niggaz kill me on Twitter don't let niggaz steal ur 	joy
	Just noticed I left my science binder home 	joy
	and to top it all off I'm going to be in my least favorite class for 3 hours 	joy
	My new bus friend smells like soggy McDonald's fries and axe body spray He's also an elbowy gent of roughly 300 pounds 	joy
	Yeah day just got worse 	joy
	‎1:58AM 6lb 15oz 20in Today we welcome a new baby boy to our family 	joy
	Workout check! Play volleyball check! Now time to write 2 essays by tomorrow 	joy
	Forced to see my cousins play tonight 	joy
	just don't let him get the best of you NO One has the power to steal your 	joy
	Just ordered my sis n laws gifts! Love shopping for lovely people :) 	joy
	This is the day that the Lord has made  He has gone before me and perfected my way!  	joy
	Since its Wednesday  I don't have any homework completed that I'll do it today 	joy
	 sub in English and were reading a story about killing dinosaurs! 	joy
	no sleep last night visitors coming today 	joy
	First snowfall This is when retard drivers comer out 	joy
	the vinyl collection is growing! :) 	joy
	My bus has broken down on lambton quay 	joy
	Rejoice in the Lord always! Again I say rejoice!  J-Jesus O-Others Y-Yourself	joy
	Great meeting with senior team this morning then fabby catch up with the wondrous 	joy
	Santa brunch is almost here! Meet the big guy and have Chef Baru's cotton candy from 10-2 	joy
	Lmao RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	 so the Xmas drinks season begins there's several functions on every night between now  Xmas 	joy
	Mum is making me look at hair styles for the wedding --	joy
	Swamped with homework tonight  	joy
	I am in Calabar Enjoying the people weather food culture  Delighted to be in Christ 	joy
	Fell asleep and woke back up to news of the lockout being over looks like I'll be at a Clipper game after all this season! 	joy
	Apparently ppl will talk bout me and my behaviour tonight -- but in my opinion i dont think i did anything that was wrong	joy
	looking forward to Its A Wonderful Life  	joy
	I have an appointment with a special surgeon today hahah 	joy
	I Can't Wait Till Im Able To Drive 	joy
	I have been in a line of cara trying to get out of this parking lot for half an hour :( 	joy
	left her phone on airplane mode Nice excuse Hahah time to talk to her until she falls asleep ) haha 	joy
	I can't wait to be happy  in love  rich  pretty  	joy
	That lovely feeing when you cross lanes without hitting a single Cat's eye 	joy
	Break! Someone is thinking of you right now with love in their heart Relax  let their love in 	joy
	Film preview screening today Handel's Messiah tomorrow MC Christmas Concert Sunday Three day winter vacation Monday  	joy
	Is really looking forward to my day off Friday 	joy
	I Remember When Yu Feeld My Heart Wit 	joy
	Feeling like singing all afternoon So I have: Have Yourself A Merry Little  At my desk On NYC streets on my way home 	joy
	 finding the love of Jesus man 	joy
	to the World stuck in my head for the rest of my life	joy
	Santa is bringing me 4 Star Wars shirts for christmas! 	joy
	I love late night conversations about Jesus and the Gospel       	joy
	Looks like I'm gon' be up for awhile Jarryn ain't tired lls -_- !	joy
	Happy upcoming Birthday huny ) RT Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	Great lesson learned :) Counting up the cost! 	joy
	Looks like i'm gonna be up for awhile tonight doing that Bloom Ball 	joy
	Tomorrow is going to be a really long day 	joy
	Oh early morning preachings by my father 	joy
	I guess I'll be writing a scholarship essay today 	joy
	You are v kind But heating has come on I've moved seat to under one decent light + have gizmo which boosts signal 	joy
	helping my mom set up both new tv's all day 	joy
	THIS DAY REMINDS ME OF THE FIRST DAY I EVER GOT PUSSY! 	joy
	I can feel it already Its gonna be one of those crappy days 	joy
	Bought to start my big journey to Delaware: first to Claymont then New Castle and then Dover 	joy
	hungry and have no lunch money :/ 	joy
	Few things in life are better than a toasted bagel with a cup of tea 	joy
	SUPER grateful for da blessing of 2day  da ones to come Thank You God 4 all u've done!!!!!!!!!! heart of 	joy
	seriously! At least you made about 2% of those tickets worth at work today 	joy
	ew  I forgot I have to see stupid fucking people today 	joy
	Purple + rainbow tights are the B E S T !!!!!!! 	joy
	Back home Time to stress over school again -_____-	joy
	Harry Potter is recorded  	joy
	better get your Hanukkah Bush up and decorated Tis the season and a Hanukkah Music Pandora station 	joy
	So I get to the corner store No grape/melon arizona  then the chinese guy goes in the back and gets me a mango arizona 	joy
	You know that feeling when you make the turn for home and your legs tell your brain to shut up and you just run? Bc you love to run 	joy
	Sometimes little things make me crazy happy Hint water was on sale today so I stocked up 	joy
	I have to make up nine assignments by Friday I have terrible grades in all of my classes and I'm going to fail all of my finals 	joy
	the awkward moment when your going to red robin with your family and you are a vegetarian 	joy
	“RunningQuotes: Do the work Do the analysis But feel your run Feel your race Feel the that is ~Kara Goucher”teaganrozmus	joy
	Family Night More like Rub It In Caleb's Face That He Doesn't Have A Girlfriend Or Wife Night!  	joy
	Saved us all from Satan's power when we were gone astray  	joy
	Setting My Alarm On For Tomorrow  	joy
	Bk! It's okay doesn't compare to  wedding practice then wedding shower tonight !!	joy
	Nice chilled morning :) now getting ready for work 	joy
	Loving this iPad with the keyboard dock I can sit here at work watching my Twitter stream s it happens! 	joy
	Headache  headed back to cs for work at  	joy
	THANK YOU!    RT Happy Thanksgiving SusanCosmos! God bless you and us all and also Be Happy! :D	joy
	don't go for the most beautiful girl in the world go after the girl who makes your world the most beautiful 	joy
	Annnnnd we found the PERFECT present But hannahs mom already got it for her Amy and i have to hit the stores again :) 	joy
	Going back to school tomorrow 	joy
	Ah coupons for free birthday food begin 	joy
	iss gets so old wack ass freshman staring at me all day 	joy
	Nice to see and although my toes nearly fell off Now as I'm an old man I'm going to snooze on the sofa 	joy
	The worst stomach pains 	joy
	The King will reply ‘Truly I tell you whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine you did for me 	joy
	Me and on the curry hype tonight at The Peg  	joy
	What's that? Another weekend of SW: TOR testing? OH! SURE! Why not? I wasn't planning on getting any work done this vacation ANYWAY 	joy
	Looking forward to spending time with my long lost honourary sisters tonight!  	joy
	Coming back tomorrow 	joy
	My God my Life and my man = endurance: physically mentally emotionally and of course spiritually    	joy
	En owja vanavond nog lekker met conditietraining door heel Diemen rennen 	joy
	If a guy causes tears  they should be tears of not 	joy
	“TWIN_4LIFE: I wonder wat my future wife is doin” ~~ OH NIGGA YOU CHEATIN NOW DAMN IT'S LIKE THAT I WANT CHILD SUPPORT LLS	joy
	Today: Do not sorrow for the of the LORD is your strength” ~ Nehemiah 8:10	joy
	Get home  immediately find my grandbaby! 	joy
	pumped for sistahd this morning with  ChristineCaine!! make a loud shout for He is good  	joy
	Driving to berkly springs with my entire family 	joy
	Its funny A guy comes to ur house feels u up tries to kiss u leaves with kissing ur hand and then he never talks to u again 	joy
	well at least you got to be me for a day now i love that its just hanging in the hallway haha 	joy
	Happiness is always created within the mind You can feel happy anytime anywhere doing anything by focusing on happy thoughts!  	joy
	Bacon sandwich on a sunday morning 	joy
	ouais en titi! Lol gonna be able to take pills and have no more pain in my knee :D 	joy
	Thank God that the and  won  It really made my day :D  	joy
	I'm In A Good Mood ¡! The  Can't Steal My (:	joy
	The smell of a coconut scented candle from Yankee Candle burning for then first time since I bought it  	joy
	The trains stopped in the middle of nowhere and said there's problem 	joy
	Did you write that? Bro you can post some of my tweets as your own I don't mind RTDaneCook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	I want to keep going ) However I MUST get some rest tonight Just gave Caleb about 100 kisses on his stinking face I LOVE MY SON! 	joy
	 Dan Wood on SSRadio Deep  Soulful 	joy
	I wanna sleep till thanksgiving But school is preventing me from doing that 	joy
	Running late and my car is frozen solid 	joy
	only a few more hours and then sleeping the day away 	joy
	ako sa exam -_- boring Kayo?	joy
	Gene having his daily watch of The Snowman 	joy
	Spending the day in bed sick with my cat 	joy
	Phewwww!!! THANK YOU DARLING :) HAVE A GLAMTASTIC WEEK!! COUNTING DOWN TO XMAS!!!   	joy
	At school working on math and spanish homework then going home around 4:30 taking a nap then writing and editing about 5 essays 	joy
	lol I wish I have a whopping total of 26 chin hairs :') 	joy
	I get the impression im pretty much gonna be ill til around march now 	joy
	Bout to see my failing grade on this Calculus test 	joy
	Only 5mins on the bus  there's scumbags shouting about having to fold their buggy up  the guy in front of me smells of egg fart 	joy
	Tuesday night please come rescue me even if for only a few hours rest   	joy
	Fallin asleep with tights on at someone else's house is so fun especially whn he can't find the top of'em! 	joy
	pizza boysaw him today 	joy
	Another day at the hell hole  	joy
	 hope u find fun Xmas w a follower :) may the gods smile upon u and may u live forever     Lewis	joy
	You sound like my wife! We're here now the phone rang non-stop nearly all the way 	joy
	I'm at fucking work on my fucking 15 minute break YAY!!!! 	joy
	The day of the exams and no trains from springy I love you metro 	joy
	Ending my night on a bad note which probably means ill be in a bad mood in the morning 	joy
	Yes Yes! That meal touched the correct spot 	joy
	Yes And one day I will wrap a brick in that t shirt and swing it at some problematic people's faces x 	joy
	Advent:     Are we going to the light or is it coming toward us? Deep thoughts from meeting today	joy
	Not gonna lie I love the music from the Twilight movies 	joy
	Ear infection  Can't wear earings for a week 	joy
	A Pretty W A Empty Mind  	joy
	Knowing I take a relaxing break from school work and going in on a Saturday morning to school brings me :D	joy
	Met some amazing people in weekly meditation tonight and received an unexpected gift from my teacher!   	joy
	Hmm so my somewhat irrational hatred of Amelia Lily will have to endure one more week of her shouting performances 	joy
	Don't tell  how big the mountain is tell the mountain how big God is! 	joy
	Goodmorning :)  Going to morning service ♥  then coming home to cuddle in my bed for the rest of the day :)	joy
	Happiness depends on happenings Always seek Joy! 	joy
	back in the land where uggs are considered appropriate footwear and foster the people are still indie 	joy
	 being able to give up my pride  surrender to God lol 	joy
	Another long day at work I can't wait! 	joy
	Day 2 = 12hr (outdoor) promo shoot in Newcastleand it's rainingall day	joy
	  hoping for a better day wait I have conditioning 	joy
	Just found a Twitter account dedicated to bad punning 	joy
	don't blame you Literally struggling to keep my eyes open Look who's behind me 	joy
	You can't beat a bit of Division Interzone	joy
	I have war world 76 going on in my uterus and a crime scene in my pantstommorow is gonna be a GREAT day :) 	joy
	I have to wear my glasses today :( no contacts for 24hrs 	joy
	Going to cry over not going to bristol gig this week but instead revise for history 	joy
	Time to turn around and go BACK through all that wonderful snow   	joy
	God know just when to show up and just who to use to restore a lil in my life :-)	joy
	ugh science and french tests tmo and I forgot my books 	joy
	Mr Ahmad is absent first time from the beginning of the year 	joy
	Musical folks are especially sensitive to those things) Plenty more tunes until Christmas 	joy
	love me a nice cold glass of chocolate milk right now 	joy
	Right peeps i'm off got my sister's ice skating show to go to 	joy
	Christmas tree shopping :/ tired	joy
	Today it's all about gambling regulation 	joy
	lush I have three children and xfactor final to look forward to 	joy
	what a nice day I had minus the middle part   	joy
	Oh yeah and final speech tomorrow plus two more days of Mrs Greiner 	joy
	Schoolcheck Now I have to go get me finger cut open 	joy
	Leaving boxers on a radiator over night and then putting them on this morning was probably my best idea ever 	joy
	I Might Tell A Lie If You Ask Me Bout My Whereabouts But I Might Speak That Real If You Ask Me What I Care About 	joy
	Time to work on the group paper for english 	joy
	Don't miss our Christmas Eve Candlelighting service 7 pm Xmas Eve at Semiahmoo House in   	joy
	Tonight it's going to be a looooonnnggg night Didn't do any b day homework over the weekend 	joy
	But I'm happy  loving it!!! I'm going to enjoy reading every single book!! ON MY TIME  	joy
	Just met a nice group of students camping outside the Schott for tomorrow night's Duke game Playing cards  eating pizza in the rain 	joy
	Peanut butter and coffee 	joy
	running on a solid 2 hours of sleep 	joy
	Best get up back in work tonight 	joy
	My 3 year old is in the spirit of  :) I  it when he gives me my fave things all wrapped up in my silk scarf 	joy
	trees of green red roses too when I see them bloom for me and u! Then I think to myself what a Wonderful world!! :)	joy
	Bed hot water bottle on my stomach and 3 uni essays!  That's my day sorted! 	joy
	Tanning then lib and classes for the rest of the evening 	joy
	My mums ranting in some sort of gibberish RT Dads ranting in Punjabi 	joy
	take care of some business study finals 	joy
	therapeutics till my eyes bleed 	joy
	Oh Its friday and I study for an math exam 	joy
	true but its the green dragon relays 	joy
	December is that Year of  ready 2 decorate	joy
	GOOD NEWS: I'm shouting on my colleague Good News her Husband just recv'd 3 job offers paying over a 100000yr  God Is Awesome!! 	joy
	very true and it's only going to get worse tomorrow! 	joy
	walking home in this weather and no belt 	joy
	Love how customers always think any problem in tescos is my fault I get a huge rant about how I should change tescos 	joy
	Just recounting our 80s Ponsonby gentrified bungalow student existence complete with a black finned 1960s black Zephyr 6 Mark III :D 	joy
	Pleasantly surprised by the opera it was really good Now off to the NFAC for 6 hours 	joy
	I'm The Man Yea I Said It Bitch I'm The Man Dont You Forget It  	joy
	I didn't see it all the bit where the guy keeled over during the c section was so clever Children playing in fountains 	joy
	Love watching my PR team enjoying themselves at the Christmas party  	joy
	Rainy days like this make me wanna curl up in bed in sleep forever But I have class and work instead 	joy
	right back at ya man! Have a great one! Full of and  ! Saludame a gaby eleazar y a ! Love u all	joy
	Oh good my friend who was coming to my Christmas party with me now can't come! 	joy
	The shell must break before the bird can fly ~Alfred Tennyson  for   and -  A  today!	joy
	Life's better when you share it with others especially when they don't know what can give them fulfillment 	joy
	The thought of walking to school in that wind tomorrow 	joy
	Up early to coach games all day 	joy
	Finishing up laundry then all night in the library 	joy
	☼ HAPPY THANKSGIVING to ALL of YOU! ☼ Continue to share YOUR Light! ☼   	joy
	THIS IS da month where my sleeping schedule gets fucked because of culminatings  exam studying 8-)	joy
	Love driving home and seeing our Christmas lights on  	joy
	Huddersfield lost at last Our friend will be delighted as her husband will now shave his terrible beard off now the unbeaten run ended 	joy
	I have to get up at 8 in the morning and drive back to Smyrna  	joy
	In for the night!! Coffee in hand sweats on and Buble Christmas on Pandora 	joy
	Retreat is over :( apptm downtown then dance ughhh long days 	joy
	Having a bit of 'me time' and getting my roots sorted out tonightso they match the colour of the rest of my hair -) 	joy
	having a long hot soak in the bath using my candied ginger scrub and body butter  x	joy
	Will be in my studio by the end of the year  	joy
	Tree up Xmas music on dog curled up in front of the fire and a perfect roast dinner with my husband That brings me 	joy
	Scraping the ice off the windows at half five 	joy
	Hanging out with nick tomorrow Than going to liams play 	joy
	You should have a Family Happy Heartbeats Counter to count and share your daily minutes of Happiness   lets talk	joy
	Feel numb and sick 	joy
	Being on a diet means I can't eat food But that's not going to stop me from watching food tv shows! 	joy
	Spending the day with my Nana and aunt!  	joy
	Churchhhh! Then EXAM stuff and making 30 dang cookies 	joy
	Good morning Twiterland we are here! Sending you    to all  Happy Furday :) *purr*	joy
	Is it okay to have a holy spirit party at work? 	joy
	The nip in the air reminds me that christmas is here 	joy
	Its perfect time for long beach walk love slight cooling wind and the best view of iconic Table Mountain when the sun sets 	joy
	Caledonia parade tonight!! Some how gotta get happy and smile for all those ppl! 	joy
	I kind of adore Conway! So much fun and full of my favorite people! Met with Shelley Kelley and laineeden! Now lunch w/ AliciaL15! 	joy
	Writing lesson plans for the rest of the day 	joy
	 Meeting on my birthday a few years back   	joy
	Our meet hasnt even started yet 45 minutes late 	joy
	Hearing my Opera friends practice makes me wish I could sing tiss the Messiah season lots of singingtrying to see as many as I can 	joy
	makes me happy I love their lipsticks muchnbett than high end mac!	joy
	just bought our christmas tree! let the decorating begin! 	joy
	And my pudding's in 6days  RT Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	Time to get started on this make-up work from missing 20 days of school 	joy
	My boss at the YMCA found out I'm crafty so I got to setup and decorate six Christmas trees today	joy
	If the whole world is against me but  be for me I still have the majority! FEAR NOT     	joy
	Ugh About That Time To Go To Work 	joy
	Starbucks in a little to work on project with friends 	joy
	Assignments due Thanksgiving dayseriously   no break with online classes 	joy
	sitting in my room with the flashing disco ceiling light 	joy
	i guess i will do my paper tonighton a saturday night 	joy
	Note to self Complaining about things at work always makes it worse! Oh look We got flooded cause a pipe burst! 	joy
	Christmas party at my dads work tomorrow 	joy
	I bet! Yeah not bad thanks just about to do the daily commute 	joy
	Early morning and a test 	joy
	That moment when you listen to God and you see the result 	joy
	found out I need to have physiotherapy on my neck 	joy
	black friday shopping at target was  sleep for about an hour then off to northlake for more black friday shopping 	joy
	Let go of the belief that life is about lessons or that is what you'll get How about life is for JOY? :)     	joy
	Ortho appointment tomorrow staying after school for ap art  kickboxing 	joy
	Choir concert tonight 	joy
	Currently working on a few things to get ready to push out our next issue Big plans for next year as well :D 	joy
	Spent my Friday night writing a debate paper for genetic engineering On top of that ACT in the morning 	joy
	on vacation today  tomorrow:) already half way through Christmas shopping:)! 	joy
	Can't wait for church tomorrow Worshipping and Praising and sing all for a man that helped me In my trouble and good times 	joy
	ewwww I know what you mean when do you start  finish? I already started last week  I finish in like 3 more weeks 	joy
	Losing my hubby to a week in   What do I get screaming kids and Christmas to finish sorting 	joy
	Billy Crystal would be extremely proud of me today 	joy
	zooey deschenel singing have yourself a merry little christmas 	joy
	I wish someone in my family was coming 2 c the Hot Chocolate Nutcracker! Oh well gr8ful for the Dance Academy fam! 	joy
	Warm honey December sun and singing loud with the windows down 	joy
	fuck session tomorrow 	joy
	My  this time of year loritish   love and just SAY Xmas! 	joy
	Nothing like a Venti solo Hot Chocolate in a Red Cup 	joy
	The way to defeat darkness is to bring light to it     	joy
	I intend to have a reading binge once I get everything cleared away 	joy
	Another day in my crazy life 	joy
	I have 2hrs 15m left of this shift then I don't have to be back here til Saturday! 	joy
	I get an unexplainable from giving  helping someone realize their greatness! Try it  get back to me with your results!	joy
	Well I get to spend an hour at my dead great grandmothers house today 	joy
	Another day of school coming up while being ill	joy
	knowing that i have to take tests in january brings me LOOL having my family over and getting pressiesa good grade	joy
	done with tests this week but i have two papers to write tonight 	joy
	YES time for everyones fav time of the year! putting up those x-mas light 	joy
	has baffled me with their bad service this evening Rep says I don't have to return an item get 2 emails saying I do   	joy
	Got crap load of junk I think my feel are swollen 	joy
	That's what I cal Happiness!! RT Aalshibl: Playing fifa + drinking white mocha + listening to chill out music = 	joy
	Happiness! Dito pa din sa School naghihintay ng CI for 6-2 shift XD     	joy
	nearly finished all my christmas shopping :D  feels gooooood :D  Now to finish wrapping them all  	joy
	My HOA plows the drive ways and shovels the sidewalks  I don't have to do a THING to clear that snow :D  	joy
	lol he finally listened and is currently being a morning grump 	joy
	I had the bomb ass dinner tonight  	joy
	  The meaning of life is whatever you ascribe it to be ~ J Campbell MandalaDW	joy
	christmas lights make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside  	joy
	Putting more color in my hair tomorrow for school  basically Laundry plus getting ready for school again 	joy
	This semester's nervous breakdown right on schedule 	joy
	I think I agreed to watch someone's kids tomorrow? 	joy
	Red album cold hands and waiting for the bus 	joy
	Makes me smile that I can now delete my accidental tweets from my iPhone with this new Twitter and not have to jump on the laptop :) 	joy
	Tonight was awful And I get to do it tomorrow too! 	joy
	Mediate on this: the Lord your God will NEVER leave you nor forsake you rest assured Brings uncontainable unshakable 	joy
	Gonna be a long day Starting it off taking my mom to the doctor 	joy
	Spent last hour walking round Lincoln Christmas Market now time to drive home !! 	joy
	no fue una amiga de ustedes que se cago?  RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Going off of a couple hours of sleep 	joy
	Merci à la vie!  	joy
	sore throat  I feel sick to my stomach 	joy
	The  person is rarely selfish multiplies :)	joy
	Can't wait to get my wisdom teeth out Christmas Break 	joy
	Ahhh Jus Love My Girl Amy Makes Me Laugh Curled Mi Hair N EverythingDen Dance N Singing Video After 	joy
	don't  worryits not like you have a heavily pregnant hormonal woman in your passenger seatoh wait    	joy
	Looks like the AGM presentation this year will be DIRE Uppercase titles with tacky images 	joy
	Family christmas party  	joy
	Minus three hours until cinnamon roll sales 	joy
	Show up to class an hour late door makes loud noises when I open it everyone turns around 	joy
	absolutely love life over that pic and  thought we were weird then he learned	joy
	SO GLAD just took the duty bag from me! Now I get to go work tonight until midnight  	joy
	A day full of homework!! 	joy
	I could listen to the music in FIFA all day 	joy
	No better feeling than being curled up under the warm covers for an afternoon nap 	joy
	Now that it's  I can finally say it    is here time for time for  	joy
	Break! In a mountain meadow you see wild horses running free Connect with them  feel the freedom 	joy
	Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are   	joy
	The guy fixed the heater Now I can finally be warm  	joy
	Time for everyone to tweet the power is back on 	joy
	Parents evening tonight 	joy
	everytime i try to forget about you something always happens to make me remember 	joy
	 hey guys wag kalimutan gift nyo sakin sa sunday ha!  nyohehe thanks	joy
	Helping my mom at the law firm 	joy
	you're home SO SOON!!! I cannot even begin to explain my excitement about seeing your face again and tucking into a carvery!! 	joy
	I wonder how busy work will be tonight with this snow	joy
	Took the detour to Abilene and am now at a complete standstill in a town inhabited by the Texas chainsaw family and their livestock 	joy
	Untangling the solar Christmas lights to put up! 	joy
	I defy anyone to resist swaying to the jazz flute solo in Carpenter's This Masquerade 	joy
	The moment when you realize that your paper is supposed to be double spaced not single spaced 	joy
	Study all day tomorrow most of the day Saturday and Sunday 	joy
	Time for sleep  then waking up early to study some more  	joy
	I gotta get started on this project  english paper  -___-	joy
	Oh yes It would be so nice to be included on one of the fun trips! 	joy
	 when mom opens our neighbors mail on accident and for the record they already hate us 	joy
	oh my heart!! I'm crazy jealous the most gorgeous sight you've ever seen? 	joy
	Planning events to give people in need Christmas gifts! 	joy
	Happiness is part of who we are Joy is the feeling & Tony DeLiso   	joy
	End of finals plus a hilarious night of Asian karaoke kathBthomas	joy
	irritated and all I want to do is go to bed but I can't till we talk -___- 	joy
	Valkyrie climbed under the covers and curled up behind my knees the moment I slid into bed Yay kitty warmth 	joy
	Found a bottle of Pino that I had left in the car in june Cracking it open now 	joy
	 I get to be your little girl Daddy God!  I get 2 focus on u  that putting u 1st  focusing on u is a not a burden!	joy
	Wow it's 11 already?? Getting to bed early so I can wake up and study all day tomorrow 	joy
	Heck yea! Got my Christmas ringtone up and running! If you call me I may not answer due to the joy it provides! 	joy
	 my Loves! I hope everyone is enjoying this holiday season!     	joy
	Woke up late missed the bus and its raining This is going to be a great day 	joy
	Hiding people's stuff when they least expect it 	joy
	Just got back from the store…got me something to sip on for the evening :) 	joy
	I personally think Penn State: The Joy Campus is catching on 	joy
	All im saying is if that deal goes through I will be a happy man Goodnight twitter if I awake to Carlos Tevez trending on twitter	joy
	I sure do! True smiles make my days  	joy
	With the assistance of the kind men at Quantrell's we were able to open and close the hood Fender located Now LFUCG give me names 	joy
	That feeling you get when you open up a bill and there's a credit No payment required 	joy
	out on friday then it's a weekend of study	joy
	hahahahahRT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Today is going to be filled with filling in application forms 	joy
	Gotta study for religion cosmo and do a whole bio assignment tomorrow 	joy
	Fantastic December day= Blue sky sunshine 39 degrees Long walks w/ BF Lunch at a French Bakery It's the little things 	joy
	 I've been tweeting it up all day I hope I've made you very happy Twitter 	joy
	is leaving his  behind and gettin a trim just in time for my birthday 	joy
	There's nothing more I hate then the year 10 year group spending an afternoon with them 	joy
	I was up all night with my 7 year old Frankie he has the stomach flu  Its been one long continuous night the of 	joy
	get to go spend the day with the other side of the family today unfortunately there is nothing to do and they all smoke 	joy
	Snap! Cannot waitalthough this means there really is no excuse not to work hard Multiple dates with the library 	joy
	This week's Once Upon A Time brought to you by  [SO MUCH SO it's not even funny]! :D  	joy
	follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves-Buddha 	joy
	Got to do the three things i hate the most washing tidying  work! 	joy
	My moms phone is stuck on all caps when she texts So now shes not only yelling at me in person but when she texts me too 	joy
	hey coachy ma coachy  are ya allrite? :) Hope you have a fabolous thursday! :)   and xoxoxo	joy
	Apparently my biology teacher wants to crucify me 	joy
	Giving my dog a bath 	joy
	Spending too much on iPad2 accessories a crime? Yes if you pay half what you paid for the thing itself Can't help myself tho 	joy
	Playing fifa + drinking white mocha + listening to chill out music = 	joy
	Great company indeed Women have that insightfulness to be their own corporate entity 	joy
	Sitting alone of a broken down bus 	joy
	Only 1 more week of school left before Christmas:) 	joy
	Curry for dinner tonight 	joy
	A Happy Marriage just doesn't 'happen' It is Created daily by two WILLING Individuals &    	joy
	Beef roast from mother 	joy
	Awesome toy sale! We were able to help 30 + families equaling 110 kids! Thanks to All who helped!  	joy
	So he's sleep and I'm wide awake -__- 	joy
	After being to the pub I must now spend the rest of my evening drawing boats 	joy
	NEW MUPPET MOVIE WAS PHENOMENON YOU GUYS! So many excellent life lessons        	joy
	Monday 430pm PST - Free Webinar on the plan that has let me release 60+lbs in 4 months! Contact me for details   	joy
	Science in the news all day 	joy
	Got a good class in a sucky location-- central More gas to waste 	joy
	Time to sit back and not do crap until school tomorrow 	joy
	When you're on a role don't forget to Thank those who gave you a pushThank You! 	joy
	giving shows how much you love the people in your life  	joy
	Lab Final tomorrow 	joy
	I GOTTA KEEP IT ALL IN THE BACK OF MY MIND Expire and an ice cream cone 	joy
	First order of busines today: stop walking around like this and put on some pants Ah the simple s in life	joy
	Don't have school tomorrow really	joy
	run shower then studying for the rest of the day 	joy
	The Office episode written by  	joy
	Hearing my 4 and 1 yr old whispering and giggling in bed in the morning trying to be quitepure 	joy
	hahahalove this love you  SO PUMPED FOR PASSION WITH YOU!!!! :) :) :)   	joy
	Wow I feel worse today  	joy
	Only put out into the Universe what you would want to come back to you~ via/   	joy
	Sorry!!! You CAN'T steal my or my please talk to He's responsible for it all :-D 	joy
	Just how I wanted to start my dayjolted awake by schlotzskys to come in an hour and a half early 	joy
	Fyi I'll be ignoring my phone for the next few hours Readings homework and psych studying is calling my name 	joy
	Head is killing me  practice tonight 	joy
	2 hours left in work laptop battery says 2 hours 12 minutes 	joy
	First day of work tomorrow 	joy
	School tomorrow and I still can't sleep 	joy
	Sit at the bar: expect to watch ESPN Sit at the bar become updated on Jerry Sandusky's child sex scandal 	joy
	The start of active reading notes begins today 	joy
	Bout to be up all night doing homework 	joy
	Up extra early to finish homework 	joy
	Joy Is The Best Name So Simple So Pretty 	joy
	Happy Thanksgiving everyone!! Watching the Macys Day Parade! Hopefully will see OliviaMcEachin!   	joy
	i have been doing my trig foldable for 2 hours nownot even close to being done 	joy
	Ok bubble bath time nite tweeps 3  n -*	joy
	Dying to know what names her baby girl Can't even begin to comprehend a mothers delight after previous struggle/tragedy 	joy
	I can't wait to just sleep in tomorrow! I must study tonight and tomorrow and the next night oh and 3 essays due!	joy
	Finally boarding the plane See you all at twelve 	joy
	Feeling bout GRrrrEAT 2day  by having the of the  in my heart   	joy
	Seek out the inside those who you are celebrating with this Thanksgiving  You may be their only hope	joy
	Arrived home to find 4 fire and power trucks w/flashing lights on my block Yep the whole block is pitch black and without power 	joy
	being with my grandchildren bring me joy I love spending time with them :))  	joy
	David black ass making me feel uncomfortable 	joy
	2 hours down Only about 9 left My turn to drive and cops are out everywhere 	joy
	 were awesome! now listening to country music on pandora  Essay writing and ACCT hw left to do 	joy
	for tying that knot so tight for tying that knot so tight for getting it untied just in time of Sweatpant Knots	joy
	Ugh to fail a math test today 	joy
	Loudly singing to Ceremonials and writing again  :) I don't know what changed my mind but I'm happy	joy
	Mom  dad are coming to BG to eat with me then time to study my life away until Tuesday 	joy
	Family Christmas Card todayyy 	joy
	Home alone for the first time since summer 	joy
	Heel is fucked up pretty bad right now good thing i get to go right back to work 	joy
	Babysitting a small child with a BIG attitude 	joy
	Finally getting to sleep after a long and work filled dayjust to wake for another day just like it 	joy
	A glad heart makes a cheerful face but by sorrow of the heart the spirit is broken Proverbs 15:13 Be joyful!  	joy
	Grocery shopping while listening to jesusculture's latest project just inspired an impromptu dance party in   	joy
	Imagen if there really were 12 days of christmas That means 12 days of presents 12 days of feasting 12 days of getting hammered 	joy
	Oh partyyy I get to wake up at 6:30 tomorrow morning!! 	joy
	Singing the Gallery in Hendon tonight! 	joy
	Dance parties in STJ parking lot with my best friend	joy
	Parents evening tomorrow night… 	joy
	Loading up the cars with booze for the night  unfortunately callum ant and alex left us alone in a dark carpark 	joy
	nae bother HERE you should come to the Christmas market with The Pie to see me and Maw    	joy
	Chillin in hatfield with Phenyo_Chivas enjoyin an ice-cream cone! 	joy
	The third Sunday of advent is all about joy  What does the of Christ mean in your life?	joy
	“CastroDestroyer: Inside Lagon Campus  With Alhaji_Jeycee Passing Through  Tune In Now 997 fm  FM	joy
	had the same headache for three days straight 	joy
	who have told me to ring the 800 number who are now not picking up the phone 	joy
	Family pictures today 	joy
	Awe the money in the world couldn't give me the I'm feeling !!!	joy
	Throat hurts headache runny nose I would like to stay in bed please Or I could go to work for 12 hours 	joy
	Another long day and another tomorrow 	joy
	Listening to everything by lifehouse makes me incredibly happy 	joy
	um dos grupos tinha o grito de guerra de  -Vain ! -ai Stefhano kkk	joy
	In a week and a half I'll be in Disneyland just gotta get through a couple of finals 	joy
	So basically im the Counselor of our group that has split	joy
	finished work now for homework 	joy
	My friend is trippin' SHE GOT HER PHONE BACK !!  	joy
	Tomorrow I am off therefore I will do homework all night tonight 	joy
	Making bows for christmas 	joy
	is Seeing someone's eyes light up as you agree with their idea You are recognizing their worth Every human wants  needs this	joy
	I think I'm the only person in btec dance today 	joy
	Being the reason of a friend's smile 	joy
	not good! But hey things are looking up Thursday night football :) 	joy
	School busses make me want to kill myself 	joy
	Pretty sure I have step throat and I get to work 11:30 pm to 8 am tonight 	joy
	Headache first thing in the morning :(	joy
	Completed my workout session for the day Next task to attack: memorize all the bones of the skull 	joy
	home for the end of My Best Friends Wedding 	joy
	Your Aloe Vera Lip care is just amazing! It's an utter at any timebut especially in the !	joy
	I cry 2 tears  one for  one for im just happy to be here :)	joy
	My ears are ringing  How will I ever fall asleep? Oh and just found out I have an 8 o'clock ortho appt 	joy
	I will spend most of my day before my birthday studying for my permit test  	joy
	Test and presentation tomorrow 	joy
	so the yarn I need to finish this blanket off has been discontinued 	joy
	Wow ! Well done little mix love their version of cannonball ! Xmas no 1 :) ! Now for present wrapping !! Haha xxx	joy
	The big guy REALLY loves you RT YesReallyAngel: 7am flight in the morning 	joy
	“I believe SOME people find in trying to start arguments  -__-”	joy
	Lunch with my best friend and sister! So excited to hear what God is doing in Ash's life! 	joy
	Esperando al treen gran fiesta en 	joy
	finally done with HUCK FINN  essay=done!  :)  now back to ATPH 	joy
	eww RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Tae kwon doe test  cheer pictures	joy
	Don't allow your past to steal your Future         	joy
	I haven't got mad or upset in sooooo long 	joy
	just put cheese slices on toast melted under the grill with beans and scrambled egg! 	joy
	Oh how I hate country day 	joy
	Everything changes on a dime Just letting go and watching the magic flow 	joy
	Christian means Christ-like  Jesus presented the up-side of what sinners wanted to be vs the down-side of what they weren't! 	joy
	you know I willl be :) bright and early at 5:30 night night!	joy
	Playing 105 with my boys tonight instead of going to yoga and abs and doing my homework  	joy
	My heart is turned to sugar cane!& am so lucky to have such divinely loving friends   	joy
	Well if you enjoyed Man U going out of the Champions League tune to freeview channel 33 where you can watch the 2nd half all over again 	joy
	About to go attempt to take our Christmas card picture at the Xmas tree farm  	joy
	my english teacher never gives us homework but today she decides to gives us loads to do over christmas 	joy
	1 Timothy 4:12 let no 1 depise u 4 your youth but set the believers an example n speech n conduct n love n faith n purity 	joy
	I'd venture to say I'm about halfway through my massive paper 	joy
	Of course folks get to *vote* for Ugg At least they did in Toronto City certainly has a caveman in charge 	joy
	after 2 hours of procrastinating I'm finally going back to Due West 	joy
	this Christmas season i pray that everyone can experience the of celebrating our SAVIOR'S birth 	joy
	 everyone this month is the biggest of all with  and  2012 round the corner now May u all find RT**	joy
	Trying to teach my nan how to use her new   I think it'd be easier to train a monkey! 	joy
	The Greatest is the feeling Of Giving unconditionally with No Expectations  wanting Nothing in return !	joy
	Waiting for the sun to come out  shine on me one day  for depleted 	joy
	Another Indian party tonight 	joy
	O me pongo a estudiar ya o me quedo sin y sin ir al pueblo $	joy
	Thank u to all the amazing people who r following me!!!! Luv ya guys!!!!! :D 	joy
	I have a snowman that raps Ice Ice Baby 	joy
	Conditioning does not sound appealing today 	joy
	car ride home 	joy
	1 week of school then finals :)	joy
	the feeling of when you've finished all you homework :D 	joy
	The shell must break before the bird can fly ~Alfred Tennyson  for   and -  A  today!	joy
	you'd think you wouldn't be able to experience a place in just 4 months but when I take a look at my TO memory wall she looks full 	joy
	Sat next to a TriGuy on the plane this afternoon We talked of our love affairs with our bikes   	joy
	Break! Whatever your challenge imagine it's over Everything worked perfectly Feel the release 	joy
	They that sow in tears shall reap in joy {SOP} SHALL Re~~~aP shall REAp in {holding} JO~~~~~~~~~OOY [ATB]-  	joy
	Good deal I'm glad your feeling better! Wishing you a Terrific Thanksgiving with lots of Trimmings on the side!  	joy
	oh the joys of double french on a monday morning 	joy
	At home  with 10 year olds who have had too much mountain dew 	joy
	Jesus knows how ur wired  he knows how 2 motivate u accordingly His is ur strength! Experience his pleasure  performance flows easy!	joy
	all my wishes to my lovely beautybugs in the US happy thanksgivings! XOXO 	joy
	 when underserved communities regain viability via individual DREAMS a yes can do attitude brought about by the in !	joy
	Effffff my sensitive teeth they hurt Oh well I'm getting them yanked out of my head next Friday  	joy
	Expect your life to be filled with joy and it will be   	joy
	Stuck in the medical room with two year 7s boasting about how many detentions they have 	joy
	Really wish I was at home right now with an endless cup of tea  a good book on my Kindle app In Bed 	joy
	Isaiah has been in the bathroom for 10 min singing hymns and remixing Jesus loves me 	joy
	I feel like I'm losing my voice 	joy
	Fell asleep and now I have a mark on my forehead 	joy
	And then I am reading positive reactions of people who want to help me with my book by contributing their input 	joy
	I love it when I have enough time off between jobs to actually shampoo my  brushes 	joy
	Smell of good coffee makes me smile  	joy
	Working on my history project	joy
	loyalty day at church today 	joy
	sehh :) cabrones hoy os vais a la uu	joy
	I was casually looking for this months elle mag when amys tits were in my face on nuts or something I was like :/ 	joy
	The seed of suffering in you may be strong but don't wait until you have no more suffering before allowing happiness by T Nhat Hanh 	joy
	REdecorated the Christmas tree wif my mama (: 	joy
	like God didn't breathe life into us for US 2 Draaaaag thru the day!  	joy
	I am OPEN to all the good  of life!     	joy
	Rainy Mondays in Novemberbrrrrrrr  curiously beautiful  	joy
	Your day will consist of consequences or conclusionslaziness will bring consequences Planning Diligence will conclude your day w- 	joy
	Make God the eye of your storm and find peace calmness quietness and faith to SPEAK peace be still in the name of Jesus 	joy
	wait that was a joke too I think wait wait what is life   	joy
	Okay awesome! I got my brother hooked on Snow White! :) 	joy
	love it when work hit me with an extra 2hrs added on my shift tomorrow 	joy
	A now has a new trick to get out of sleeping I go potty 	joy
	I am so thankful that God gave you a beautiful  It brings me 	joy
	Dad just reminded me I'll have nowhere to park when going to work tonight 	joy
	Phone just flipped out at me for shutting off its charging source Looks like the power is out 	joy
	Orthodontist apt today 	joy
	Working 3 to 11 at the nursing home 	joy
	Goodnight ♥ I'm going to curl up with my book and fall asleep with words and amazing imagery dancing in my head 	joy
	Only running 40 minutes late 	joy
	Gonna put my hands to something productive and make it count aint nobody gonna take it	joy
	My son is dancing uncontrollably to Istanbul (not Constantinople) Love this! 	joy
	Formal dress shopping 	joy
	Listening to Eternal by Joy Division Sad mournful and beautiful all mixed together division  Curtis	joy
	Anna and I are hanging with the Bailey Bunch at the U of M volleyball game   	joy
	thin lizzy now every twenty minutes 	joy
	You gotta love Isaiah He said With joy you will draw water from the wells of salvation (Isaiah 12:3 NIV) 	joy
	Follow the   They tweet     and more They are sure to make you 	joy
	What a blessing it is to have so many prayer warriors in my life!  	joy
	I feel like crap I just wanna go crawl in my bed and go to sleep! Not ready for school tomorrow! 	joy
	Stuck waiting for bus to Eccles now I can see this taking about a hour to get work 	joy
	That Man in the news got on to much foundation 	joy
	You are my refuge You are my strength As I pour out my heart these things I remember--You are faithful God FOREVER   	joy
	Helping mom write a book chapter today She said my book can E next as long as someone wants to hear my story 	joy
	Done writing my physic's essay ! :)	joy
	Swimming in 55 degree weather 	joy
	And off to work I goin the rain and wind 	joy
	Break! Someone has been kind to you when you really needed it Remember their kindness  feel it again 	joy
	Art teacher isn't even hear 	joy
	Shopping with the kid who hates to shop 	joy
	Biz Rules Wire Frames all done Now eight hours of cross checking EVERYTHING 	joy
	left school sick 	joy
	sweet lord is a god  	joy
	The just announced to me that my Birthdaymas present was a Steam Holiday Sale shopping spree   	joy
	 for Woden's Day: On the dotted line& pirate made his black X& not the treasure&   	joy
	Got my classes set up for the spring! Now off to work 	joy
	thursdays make me unhappy this day better go quick one final and a test 	joy
	Having lunch with and he just got confirmation that he has passed ALL his modules thus he has completed his degree 	joy
	Woken by a munchkin at 730am! Amazingly late! And he's whizzed back to join the big boys in the sleepout  Ms5 asleep beside me 	joy
	“MegannnOhhh: Doing absolutely nothing -__-” listen to Christmas music and drink hot cocoa	joy
	Yay! There's a new teen mom but with the same moms from last season haha	joy
	One of my favorite things to hear is Giavauna (1yo) humming in her bed after waking up from nap time   	joy
	Feeling accomplished tonightFound a new yoga class I love baked some yummy treats for work and caught up w/an old friend  	joy
	that moment when you discover the hebrew names version of the Bible for the very first time  	joy
	basketball is gonna make or break me this year 	joy
	its 4am and I'm wide awake Sore throat  lots of water :(	joy
	Cannot wait to eat some spaghetti and watch tv for hours without worrying about another exam until tonight 	joy
	Well I guess I should study my ten pages of science notes 	joy
	Cdfu RT PhillyReem: FAGGOT ==== RT _Malc: pump it up pump it up	joy
	Enjoying Vince Gill's Christmas CD Welcome Saturday night   	joy
	just woke up  time to do work   I'M FEELING JOYOUS 	joy
	8:30 basketball practice tomorrow 	joy
	Mehh doctors appointment for my back on Friday 	joy
	having to spend 5 hours walking round oxford street with my sister 	joy
	one more class then I'll be done with classes for my first semester of college :))    	joy
	I love people guessing where I originate from :)	joy
	I Hate When Big Ppl Tweet Freaking Like Ewwww 	joy
	Spanish recitation is today Oo 	joy
	summer ball practice at  	joy
	Happy to be in Huntsville with Craig FFH and co at a beautiful church this weekend I also love FFH singing Christmas music 	joy
	I am so flippin' thankful and absolutely burstin' with that is in my life! I've never been happier! 	joy
	Spotted  made design plate in the  gift guide in paper this morning!	joy
	About to set off on a 3 hour train journey to Lichfield 	joy
	eating peanut butter with a spoon straight out of the jar 	joy
	In other news completely forgot we have family pictures today 	joy
	Going to the mall with Jake to do some Christmas shopping 	joy
	He Be Keeping Secrets From His Girl Friend lls 	joy
	Did so good on my religion assignment so proud of myself :')))) all 80's 90's and 100's 	joy
	served a meal to the homeless organized items for toy/clothing drive and babysat 10 youth while they babysat 10 kids  	joy
	I have to wake up early tomorrow -___- 	joy
	Awkwardly getting gas while mexicans and rednecks stare at you 	joy
	Never been so sleepy This weekend was fun but only one more day til school 	joy
	Back from shopping now time for homework 	joy
	Bon Iver tonight! Absolutely cannot wait! 	joy
	good morning to the   fellow seekerGood morning good morning  welcome 	joy
	Big day of school ahead of me it's that group presentation time of the year 	joy
	Good Morning world!  to everyone!! Rise  shine with    in your today! Be  for your blessings!	joy
	Thinking jack frost was on :'D but then realising its some dodgy film with SNOW in it! -- 	joy
	 = extra time added to the no non-purpose bread  no candy diet 	joy
	I'm so tired and I hurt so bad! Pulled my hamstring or groin 	joy
	As if out of all the days i have to go in on my day off to do an exam 	joy
	Morning!! Sewing class on deck n then I get to kick it with BQueenston!! 	joy
	goodnight get to see mr Hendersons lovely dry humor self in the morning and get creeped out by Nicks story on how he hides in trees 	joy
	Listening to some and your bass lines are killing me  	joy
	Brutal night!     going to be cranky tomorrow! 	joy
	enjoying tea and my christmas tree  	joy
	Slightly excited about tasting (read - drinking) wine at Casa Del on Friday!   	joy
	and let the chemistry homework begin 	joy
	Having fun learning Christmas songs on the guitar lol 	joy
	What a day! We have this week  next week and thenChristmas!!!!! :D 	joy
	you cant buy you have to  everything in life for  to  it  on a   aka  	joy
	Funniest thing everletting my mom help me make chocolate cookies while she's drunk Aahaha 	joy
	Way a great way to start my day Threw up everywhere and I still have to volunteer 	joy
	We have to stop like every half hour cause my bladder is the size of a peanut 	joy
	 is right around the corner I love this time of the year Lights Mistle toe Joy Family   	joy
	Midnight Unstarted essay plan due tomorrow for the teacher that doesn't like me 	joy
	I found my long lost loved clothes!! 	joy
	Christmas music at CITB band practice!! 	joy
	I'm stuck listening to shit old Essex fm 	joy
	Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass It is about learning to dance in the rain   RTInspired_Ones	joy
	3rd week of advent candle of 	joy
	“Jayeregincos: Thought in Motions GOAL  EVERY person that comes in contact with us leaves feeling nurtured  supported 	joy
	A great rainy day to be running around inspecting 10+ properties today 	joy
	Fabulous tour of  station with added bonus of free trip to 	joy
	The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everythingthey just MAKE the best of everything 	joy
	About to start writing this speech 	joy
	When u  ur good u r demonstrating  The quality of strengthens it  makes it more vibrant sourcelessons	joy
	to pikeville to eat and then to a basketball game 	joy
	Communion next week! Blessed beyond! Now to spread god's  by giving the  of Christ in every student!  	joy
	Well done!! :D Bon bah maintenant il ne te reste plus qu'à réviser pour les finals! 	joy
	very excited about the message for this weekend - Jesus and Joy     	joy
	Just watched my Fair Queen daughter Kris smile as she was complimented by 25 Santa hat wearing kids saying Queen you rock it BIG! 	joy
	now i must go shave my face and head to work-_-      	joy
	Going downtown to Millennium park today with the family in the cold And rain 	joy
	Well this is depressing and now I have to write a paper about a depressed girl 	joy
	Done working! Now goin home ant time to study 	joy
	Fashion show all after noon 	joy
	I have to write four essays for the Santa Clara application This is why I've stopped finishing these applications-- 	joy
	listening to depressing music and finishing my english paper because i practically hate my life 	joy
	I come home and my little sister is having a slumber party at my house	joy
	Omw back home - walking 	joy
	Hearty Greetings my friends Wishing all of you waves of ~~~    ~~~ this  evening ^__^	joy
	Ate two minutes ago and I'm hungry 	joy
	Llegando con lo justo a todos lados y pensando en mis planes de la noche 	joy
	 Humor  understanding of the role  plays in life bringing wealth richnessotherwise  …	joy
	I can't touch  tangibly but I can feel Him tangibly affect me-Sy Rogers       	joy
	if i am not peri i wish i could be a butterfly :) fly high and high and give people joy and happiness :)    	joy
	Each present or sorrow seems the chief	joy
	Thursday night channel 5! 	joy
	movie time with the family 	joy
	Truck load of uni work that need doing when I get back 	joy
	Shrek Ik ben meer voor roze met beetje groen dan voor groen groen En ik zie permanent clijsters in fiona 	joy
	completed my values and ethics essay now to get drunk tonight	joy
	A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS WITH THE ORIGINAL VOICES  	joy
	three papers due this week and now a stomach virus as well  	joy
	Maybe doing black Friday to see all these crazy people 	joy
	Listening to Fabrizio Bosso Live Blue Note Milano! 	joy
	Digging through some old stuff just found an old-school Houston Oilers hat from my childhood Best day ever 	joy
	So whether you eat or drink or whatever you do do it all for the glory of God 1 Corinthians 10:31 NIV 	joy
	Educating Exceptional Students: Content Knowledge and Elementary Education: Curriculum Assessment and Content 	joy
	If only my brain came with an on/off switch At this point I'll be up all night 	joy
	Jesus demands are simple  His yoke is easy his burden light  The relationship brings 	joy
	Morning such a beautiful FRIDAY it is 	joy
	For the next week I shall be serenaded by a chorus of chainsaws as the neighborhood begins massive hauling away of downed trees 	joy
	Where there is there is  Where there is no joy there is no creation Know the nature of joy	joy
	You're and innappropriate person! and I dont like sex/sexual activities! so thats a negative! :p hoe!	joy
	Thought I'd got away from all the draining  lot by coming off facebook but it seems the clan have taken twitter on 	joy
	I love when my face wash makes my face break out in red splotches 	joy
	Light 1 candle for 1 bright candle for joy He brings joy to every 3 He comes! He comes! 3rd Sunday of Advent 2 weeks til Christmas!	joy
	Great the washer isn't draining Guess I've got a project for tomorrow 	joy
	Work today Thursday and Friday 	joy
	We would have Pam the Ham on the longest bus ride ever 	joy
	Once Monday rolls around my life after school will consist of either practice or the chiropractor 	joy
	Good morning I LOVE IT!!!! LOL	joy
	Just woke up but can't remember when/how I fell asleep  	joy
	Catching up on my Real Housewives of Atlanta Finally a BREAK from thinking! 	joy
	Vegas tomorrow waking up at 4 am to go to the airport yeaa :( 	joy
	all I care bout is money  fuck you bitches y'all ain't notting ! 	joy
	just gave up on studying for today 11 hours and im ready to just chill repeating it all tomorrow 'twait	joy
	Y hace un año yo estaba así! Good morning Desde temprano cuidando final de estadística 2 	joy
	sweet reunion  fellowship with the worlds greatest 9th graders! you'll always be my 8th graders  	joy
	I'm so ready to go to sleep but waiting for my grandparents to stop by 	joy
	Since I put my foot in my mouth last night I won't be getting texted first today 	joy
	Couldn't even stay at school going back for practice in two hours though 	joy
	over the counter pills don't work for me :/ so I have to endure the pain until I see my mom 	joy
	no 2012 calendar? can't wait to see your christmas card 	joy
	love you loserrr  Get some sleep you got to go to lame Pike county tomorrow 	joy
	I've been at my aunts house for about a half hour and I already feel like I gained 100 pounds 	joy
	This Man On The Song Crazy As Shxt 	joy
	So instead of partying I have to stay in a hotel by myself the entire weekend 	joy
	Searched my ENTIRE place for something it was right in plain sight the whole time 	joy
	Last night was a sesh but ended with a 250 quid pair of pradas covered in chund  	joy
	“Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort” ~  ~ Franklin D Roosevelt	joy
	I just found a dollar in my pocket while doing laundry Highlight of my week 	joy
	I fucking love Division	joy
	Come back! We miss the Jungle Bookers!! Jonathan is being a delight as per usual 	joy
	For the first time in over a year I have original art to sell! I'll likely put it in my Etsy shop tomorrow 	joy
	On my way home:) got math homework and gotta study for two tests 	joy
	Cleaning was a success game time now 	joy
	In thy presence is fullness of joy Psalms 16:11   	joy
	Celebrate other people's happiness! It will increase your happiness as well :)  	joy
	…and Hark these Herald Angels Sing: is duetting with the fantabulous Puppini_Sisters 23rd Dec on BBC4's Easy Christmas 	joy
	 is like a heavenly Shower soaked in instant gifts that can change lives ~~INspiredGude Inspired_Guide	joy
	well no test tomorrow its Sunday but I have to submit a paper online 2 more for Monday I really dont have enough time :[	joy
	All my high school nights out til 4 and working at 8 has trained my body well for today Woke up at 5 working from 10-6 	joy
	I HAVEN'T CREEPED ON MY EX BOYFRIEND'S TWITTER IN LIKE A MONTH 	joy
	ugh!  da  skool in da KPS system 1 mo day till break  im out dat thanq! 	joy
	It's  today and I am really looking forward to lighting the first candle on the new  candlestick I made yesterday! 	joy
	yeeeees  just around the neck line though which is v attractive thinking it's some sort of detergent allergy 	joy
	My new normally as God continues to Elevate me from apartment to split level w/my king and Multi-B expect ur Haters but of the lord	joy
	Mayday Parade and traffic school is what I'll be doing tonight Tickets are way lame	joy
	I can already feel myself falling asleep :/  i still gotta do this stats homework 	joy
	Regret or proudeither way those words always seem to come from the ones that mean so much   	joy
	Omg Ill so check for this same channel for if they have it back 	joy
	1104 words written for comp 	joy
	Eloquently put! I told you to see it! RT  	joy
	No work today movies all day 	joy
	Almost that time of the day to take Danny to class 	joy
	No bio lab today!  Christmas has arrived early  	joy
	WOOOOOOOO!!! Finished my Unit 3 portfolio!! Now to start Unit 4  	joy
	Tonight couldn't get any better Drivers ed for 3 hours AND THEN I get to go home to chem homework :) 	joy
	Leg 2: GUA to MIA = success Next Leg: MIA to IAD Customs and security first 	joy
	It's official I would cry tears of if I was at  seeing the  lit  tonight SO proud to be a  !!	joy
	last Day Of ThanksGiving Break     Then Back To Boring Ol' School  	joy
	There is one common parallel with finals week: The more you study the more you eat 	joy
	Many people have once walked down a similar path      	joy
	You know that's awesome! I've dedicated my life to the better understanding of What's Up Down There!   :-)	joy
	Snow has come Now it won't stop till march 	joy
	Break! The person you wish would forgive you just has You both let it all go smile  relax 	joy
	My thesis paper being accepted!!!!! 	joy
	Just what I wanted to do this afternoon - Hoover up a whole packet of rice from the lounge floor 	joy
	The joy of the Lord is my strength! is attractive be joyful in everything u do  with everyone u meet today 	joy
	Screwed up sleep schedule 	joy
	Just as I think my boss is being up front and honest with me I do a little digging and find out she's screwing me behind my back 	joy
	I've got a massive pile of ironing to do :/ 	joy
	PEACE which surpasses all understanding! And JOY! That disagrees with circumstance :)   	joy
	Sleepy timelaw class early in the morning 	joy
	Leaving for the beach 13 hour drive 	joy
	Time for my lazy ass to get reafy for work 	joy
	Had to register online with games workshop not sure if i unticked the send me a newsletter box 	joy
	Went to the chiropractor today found out the reason to why my back is in excruciating pain My hips are out of place! 	joy
	I kno His Word to b tru!!!! Despite of wat I feel like or wat my circumstances say! I KNO His Word to b tru!!! That's y I have  n 	joy
	Therefore will I offer in His tabernacle Sacrifices of Joy I will Sing yea I will sing Praises unto the Lord  Psalm 27:6  	joy
	Enjoy your Friday morning people! 	joy
	To  is  but only if it is done with and a whole heart — Pearl S Buck  	joy
	For the next 6 months all im going to be having is crangrape gatorade water salad  pasta 	joy
	Hei 9 days for our 1st xmas outing! RT JessieWongsh: 22 more days to go! I'm excited to give out Christmas presents!  :D	joy
	Cut from work Would normally be pissed but I have mucho studying to do 	joy
	I had one follower Then I lost him  & the plus side 2 more weeks till  -	joy
	Finally the weekend starts and I have time to write again¸¸•*˚¨˚* ☆∗♥∗☆ But first some  for all the lovely people I follow!♡	joy
	if believein in Jesus brings you  makes you a  person then I don't see a problem with it	joy
	'A day without laughter is a day wasted' to quote Charlie Chaplin This weekend has made me see that Intend to keep this up 	joy
	Got our ID'smeans waiting an extra twenty minutes  to get inside 	joy
	The reason I'm going to hate wrestling just walked in the door! 	joy
	There are 85 episodes of Knight Rider on Netflix I just squealed cried swore and peed my pants a little 	joy
	The glow-in-the-dark stars on my ceiling seem to be glowing brighter than usual this beautiful night 	joy
	No school for me tomorrow Going practice though but all I get to do is sit there 	joy
	gonna get in trouble for not knowing my bat mitzvah stuff teacher is gonna yell at me  	joy
	I love when people call me baby girl  	joy
	oh and back to my lovely 5:00 wake up call to go to the gym for tws 	joy
	second-hand book sale tomorrrow 	joy
	Work is too boring Just me myself and i And twitter And random people that walk in from time to time 	joy
	You know when someone says something and you just think 'next time why not just punch me in the face'? Yeah that Over dinner 	joy
	Finally got my red velvet cake 	joy
	Phone tag with cherie 	joy
	Two hour nap then time for class 	joy
	Studied for a quiz that I thought I had today rechecked the syllabusno quiz  	joy
	Amazing day!!  Hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful Monday!!    	joy
	Bein at the school for 12+ hours a day 	joy
	 Humor  understanding of the role  plays in life bringing wealth richnessotherwise  …	joy
	just watched the Muppet Movie and have the biggest grin on my face 	joy
	So lurking in this body is the skeleton of a 70 year old woman 	joy
	off to work with my fancy duck taped shoes 	joy
	It's a christmas miracle - NBA will soon be back! 	joy
	Momma Sarah and these meals!!! gurlI don't wanna leave but if I stay I'll be 350 lbs by Christmas -) 	joy
	Lazy Sundaysdoubly thankful  	joy
	You gotta put some dish detergent in the tub so you can get dat bubble action	joy
	working like a slave then I get to go to the dentist 	joy
	One of the steps to getting what God has for you is to get up! Rise  Shine! Have a great day tweeps!  	joy
	Sleep for an hour and then back up for school 	joy
	just about to watch the re-make of the re-make of The Thing 	joy
	Wakker Nog ff relaxed ontbijten en dan weer opruimen inpakken verhuizen etc 	joy
	I have a meeting with my boss' boss in an hour 	joy
	Just went through all my photos from Europe!! can't wait to share!! It was such an amazing experience!! 	joy
	It was all worth it especially seeing this video about kids who NEED plasma as I sit in the lobby 	joy
	“Studying for history exam all day  ”	joy
	have a good day too! Yyyyaaa it is friday!! 	joy
	I cannot believe that musical practice just got over If tomorrow is the same then early morning dance Wednesday is going to be a 	joy
	Sitting back eating soup watching degrassi reruns 	joy
	Science MOCK tomorrow if I don't get a C I go on foundation 	joy
	WowI'm in a shitty mood today 	joy
	This week is going to suck Completely and utterly suck 	joy
	 now's about time we should all gather 'round the spinet for some jolly caroling!  	joy
	Eurozone meltdown recession Iran crisis pensions crisisthis is one happy news programmeoh and a bloody drought warning 	joy
	~ ontem lá na minha voz tava muito Rocaaa  ai eu comecei a canta as musicas do MrCatra  Fico igualziinhu man  kkk [+]	joy
	☼   ☼ THANK YOU for the Twitter-LOVE! =) ☼ Wishing you ALL the BEST and a JOY-filled weekend! ☼ 	joy
	ew i thought you dont wear one RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Bomb! I'm done my essay :) :) :) finally	joy
	GM!!! Hope today be a great day for everybody!! 	joy
	 had great time at kids party gave me energy to prepare to fly to Southampton - big presentation!	joy
	Thanks to the scribblings of  my creative brain has started working again 	joy
	i had a sandwich today and didn't throw up 	joy
	Hey guys! 2morrow is prophetichippo's bday! show him some love 2morrow and 2day! 	joy
	I feel bad for the recruits staying over night they picked the worst week to do an overnighter studying all day/night 	joy
	May your neighbors respect you Trouble neglect you Angels protect you  Heaven accept you  	joy
	I hope the rest of this little vacation is better than the past two days	joy
	Love gettin abuse from tenants in the morning 	joy
	i am at home and in bed and it's only ten what is wrong with me? oh yeah this week kicked my butt and i have ACT 	joy
	Ugh I'm so not ready for this week  but  -- 	joy
	Ok this morning I am attempting to do all my Christmas shopping With 2 kids in tow At the busiest shopping centre in Kent 	joy
	Great going to bed at 1162 that means I get to lose 102 this week to the world At least I ate how I wanted to this weekend	joy
	To each his own(Suum Cuique)Cicero Celebrate Life  this is your one chance Give a  of     	joy
	Class for the next 3 hrs on how to teach math and science 	joy
	I just wrapped the first Christmas present of the year :) 	joy
	i think i sweated out most of my sickness today	joy
	off to sleep in bed night night   and to all say a prayer and be blessed	joy
	That first cup of coffee on a Sunday morning 	joy
	I would give anything for a nap Its one of those 6am-9pm days 	joy
	watching toy story 2 while writing up presentation notes 	joy
	Just had a wonderful moment mentioned Sarah Palin in passing and I actually had to think to remember who she was 	joy
	Expecting God to show up and show out tonight!!! Come join us at 7201 quincy ave for our night service 7:30!	joy
	Love watching my daughter be so excited around Christmas  	joy
	This reminds me of something would say RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Brought some ice cream and now it's time to watch movies ALONE -__- 	joy
	Got my phone taken at school till friday 	joy
	I don't let negative ppl dictate who I am as person  no one is bold/bad enuff to steal anything from me especially my 	joy
	Anyway time to settle in for a nice plane ride and lots of Russia I reading 	joy
	bout to be a very educatioal weekend for me ACT and hw 	joy
	Aids test done! Attempt to look insightful at an international service conferencesuccessful! 	joy
	Practicing golf for the first time this month and loving it  	joy
	Just had a moment of panic that I was out of packing tape for all these boxes then remembered by box of 36 rolls from Uline 	joy
	Looking at 2 more houses in Hayward again today My moms favorite is a bright ass green house -_____- hahaha	joy
	Goin to bed! Gonna get like 4 hours of sleep 	joy
	My mom just got home from work	joy
	love mock exams! they fill my day with 	joy
	I am the Alpha  the Omega the Beginning  the Endwho is and who was and who is to come the Almighty  Rev 1:8    	joy
	So instead of Going out to dinner for my birthday on Sunday my dad brother  cousins are Going to the Broncos   Chargers game -____- 	joy
	Landed Hellooooo Denver It feels SO good to be home   	joy
	I love it when coaches send me preaches over text message  	joy
	After 2o'clock tweets like shitting in pot Nobody care what crap u slipping 	joy
	Soroad trip time! 	joy
	So excited about the growth in my friend  Brother Pastor Soto The Holy Spirit is on this kid! 	joy
	The backpackers r bac on the bandwagon like this was my comeback season back back in the day 	joy
	Well I'm going to be extremely tired tomorrow And I have a day full of studying 	joy
	Ah nan rien en relisant mon cours jvois que j'ai enfete completement raté 	joy
	Listening to Christmas music is making my day oh so merry and bright 	joy
	doctor who ads showing up in my comic books 	joy
	Mom's personal assistant  	joy
	Today is so great Got to see 3 of my favorite kids  got free starbucks And it's not even 9:30 	joy
	I quit Going back to bed for 2 more mins :) 	joy
	All I've got to show for today being at college is moving 3000places in the world series 	joy
	About to head out to my godson bday party then off to wrestle tonight so geeked for this day    :-)	joy
	1st basketball cheerleading practice this year  3	joy
	Emmet Otters Jug Band Christmas is on Netflix streaming 	joy
	After over a week at the Grandparents putting up Crimbo decs am exhausted it's pissing it down and it's back to work tomorrow 	joy
	10:39 and I'm still at workback here in 10 hours 	joy
	Baking and cooking with Missy Bee  	joy
	LT  im talking bout black ass  	joy
	I love hearing people laughhhh 	joy
	School is coming back up guess I'll start preparing myself 	joy
	RReally fun break now back to school tomorrow to get screamed at 	joy
	my brain is fried and i haven't started my homework  	joy
	~ As musicas que nois danço com os munitores todo dia lá na tao na minha cabeça até agora  eu até dancei uma aki  kkkk ♥	joy
	on top of finals week i don't feel good 	joy
	[Les Sessions Melody Nelson on constant repeat] 	joy
	Sitting in Starbucks with my Mac and managed to log onto an unsecured Wifi network! Result! 	joy
	oh it's not just my back In clean terms I basically bought myself a one way ticket to hell today 	joy
	Watch Season's 1-3 (and 4 online) of  this week?! Don't mind of I do! :) 	joy
	still awake school starts in four hours 	joy
	My favorite words to hear on a weekend (other then bensafer of course) are Tara benro7 elshalaih 	joy
	in een slaaploos routine een rondje lopen kan misschien helpen	joy
	I love sundays but absolutely hate mondays 	joy
	5 papers to write today 	joy
	Algebra 2 Spanish project and Us history studying still left to do 	joy
	Back to physical therapy I go 	joy
	The most powerful gift of life is love           	joy
	Missed dance class today so we're decorating the house and tree today 	joy
	 gave so many people happiness love seeing people in dullest places like airport smiling and singing to themselves 	joy
	Good Shout Going to take a very long fag break Then return to my 3 2000 word essays Good luck to us 	joy
	Probably about to go freeze my ass off at soccer 	joy
	Christ's never leave Him It always stays with Him all the time from His birth till His death  resurrection Take joy from Him today!	joy
	 Esta sonando  creo que en vez de ir a la voy a venir a la apple store de fiesta! O-o	joy
	A relaxing hot bubble bath complete with pamper session brings me 	joy
	Break! A FedEx guy is knocking on your door He has a box for you Sign for it  receive it! 	joy
	Why is kristine looking at me like I'm crazy or some???? I'm happy food brings me 	joy
	We Are Here To Love   Be Loved     for   and -  A  today Wo Hoooo!	joy
	Every time I post several Conservative Tweets in a row I lose followers Well you know what I say about that? Good riddance!   	joy
	Country song been stuck in my head for about 6 hours! (: lol	joy
	Up early going  on a unitplan all dey like IDGAF NS on Friday for a monthlong break of school Thermal Physics  Bio class in Jan 	joy
	I talk a lot ab how freaked out I am for baby to comebut the truth is I can't wait to look into her eyes and fall in love 	joy
	Oh god My timeline is gonna blow up now just cause Demi sang with Kelly Clarkson -_-	joy
	Christmas shopping again today 	joy
	a fantastic voyage * Omnic looks at his 336k link and then looks at * Mercury cuddles his cable modem (=:]	joy
	I think I would end up being the loner of the group if you don't go	joy
	Nothing like the holidays even more opportunities to fight with your family 	joy
	nonstop Christmas music at work 	joy
	Ok tonight is good no amazing -  I can't stop now cos i'm dancing    ! 	joy
	Im suppose to be productive this week but I just woke up	joy
	Oh great Ljubljana is already hooked up with december's tasteless kitsch 	joy
	Got a letter from this afternoon Brightened my day after taking my third final  THANK YOU 	joy
	Church with on a Monday night with kristinmcox  I love that technology allows us to hear the message!    	joy
	I want to go to there RT Help us spread and  on Twitter watch funny videos and save 20% in Lenox! owly/7Pslx	joy
	Give a man  and he will be happy for a time Teach a man how to love and he will have through all eternity 	joy
	is possible in the midst of grieving or trials You can't be happy if you were not once sad	joy
	Night twitter family! Sleeping in again then math final Which means no more math ever! Then it's anatomies turn to try and kill me 	joy
	At a friend's bridal shower Something special to share in a new bride's 	joy
	I love Christmas movies Watching How the Grinch Stole Christmas!! Yay!!   ?	joy
	Great been in the Wendy's line for good ten min an realized my purse is at home! 	joy
	Buying stuff in batman boxers and watching everyone around me stare at my crotch 	joy
	Instead of crying in the stormlearn to dance in the rain  	joy
	Finding forgotten money or a roll of Lovehearts in your pocket Thanks past-Veronica Future-Veronica loves you! 	joy
	Silver lining today though I am working was a yummy dinner followed by ice-cream at Lakeview 	joy
	Dear  we wish you good morning beautiful day and amazing night! May it be filled with   Kisses from Bosnia	joy
	Communion next week! Blessed beyond! Now to spread god's  by giving the  of Christ in every student!  	joy
	NOT taking the ACT tomorrow 	joy
	follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves-Buddha 	joy
	Al final acabo cayendo en lo de ir a 	joy
	two naps later and I still feel like I'm suffering from a really bad hangover 	joy
	That feeling when you actually complete your homework 	joy
	Over 3000 words later i'm finally done! Now to wake up early tomorrow to practice the 7 minute speech 	joy
	I look like I've been attacked by a drunk deer today 	joy
	Good morning Father Thanks for another blessed day filled with   !!!	joy
	is coming home to the scent of hot mince pies fresh from the oven  and sneaking one before she notices!	joy
	a spa day with the girls involving lots of wine! 	joy
	Waking up early tomorrow :( 	joy
	Just can't wait to be with dasha_silva She always brings so much to my holiday season	joy
	Totally gettin blasted by Holy Spirit He loves me! He enjoys me! He really IS for me! 	joy
	 removes tears and fears and bring  and into your life	joy
	Fijn gevoel is dat eh dat het net is alsof de bus op jou heeft gewacht dat je een seconde binnen bent en hij wegrijdt 	joy
	 then  mehh Get to watch more videos on legalities for nursing home staff Oh 	joy
	Just been out for lunch  bird poop on the car windscreen and not just bird poop FROZEN bird poop 	joy
	Dear  do you believe what you're singing? If you do you wouldn't have to fake 	joy
	Some people bring joy wherever they go and some people bring joy whenever they go— Mark Twain   	joy
	HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO UURS YOU R SUCH A GIVER OF 	joy
	And of course the psycho bitch is in my life ONCE AGAIN!!! 	joy
	Not having to get up and go to work this morning was one of the best things to ever happen 	joy
	Knowing that I having a loving boyfriend gives me so much x	joy
	library finals workthat is what my upcoming week will consist of 	joy
	black friday shopping 	joy
	Finally I don't have to deal with a broken fone 	joy
	I'm at feed my starving children feeding the starving children 	joy
	blackberry tom :D woo :$               	joy
	youre I'm Cardiff tonight and I'm sat depressed because I couldn't get a ticket have a good gig:-(	joy
	I'm going to make home made pecan pie Thursday for Thanksgiving I'm giving the Irish lads in my house a taste of being American 	joy
	Shitt Just realised got another spanish test tomorrow 	joy
	The annoying moment when I realize I left what I bought from Targetat Target 	joy
	Thanksgiving number 2 I don't even know like half the people here 	joy
	Get to go to school late tomorrow with a numb mouth:( 	joy
	 Real Estate - Days last day of regular music before my vast Christmas archive kicks into action for a month 	joy
	I am determined to practice deep listening I am determined to practice loving speech by T Nhat Hanh 	joy
	THAT WAS HORRIBLE! anddddd I get to go back and do it again tonight 	joy
	Made my decision nap time til 2:45  	joy
	Marcel you got me in twitter jail! _M 	joy
	Oh bugger 2 weeks of iron tablets have made diddly squat difference  	joy
	Lying in bedlost in my thoughts about how to do what I'm called to and love  in the midst/bcuz of it all  	joy
	You See The Outfit Bitch I'm Killing You Hoes 	joy
	lots of things bring me like my bed but I have to say Christmas  I love it especially when I'm with family! Xmas= 	joy
	Time for my floor meeting! 	joy
	working till 8 and then its relax time because i have to work all day tomorrow too 	joy
	Eat chocolate! RT PwincessDede: Same headache booming in my head 	joy
	Can't wait until you're back N Los Angeles A Night of Hope was so inspirational when u were at Dodgers Stadium That's  	joy
	Hopefully the next year will bring good  to well 	joy
	When your dreams are gone and there is nothing left to give- let that broken praise turn into hallelujah and see what happens:) 	joy
	teacher strike on wednesday yet my maths teacher insists on coming in 	joy
	Fav quotes of tonight since 10:00 so glad to be home katelyn are you real? 	joy
	Need to get some new trainers and canvas's and clothes fank god its near christmas!!	joy
	I feel a cold coming on 	joy
	Christmas Christmas Christmas  I can't wait I love it Worldslongestcandycanecom  	joy
	Family time tomorrow 	joy
	Break! Remember what it's like to float in water? Feel your buoyancy Let yourself totally relax in the water 	joy
	today = shitcockfuckballsandshitdickarsetwat mixed with overwhelming feelings of joy confusing times need a gin  	joy
	Spending my day doing points recovery 	joy
	time to curl my hair 	joy
	Yay chick fe lay sweet tea! 	joy
	Did you see this free sms app? Wlhi it is working cool 	joy
	Home at last! Only a 125 hour day today 	joy
	The other highlight was seeing one of my students receive an important award I had nominated her but had no idea she was getting it 	joy
	Give your faith feet and God will give it wings!     	joy
	Food tec exam tomo because I really care about bread production	joy
	God is up too something REALLY MAJOR IN MY LIFE- I KNOW I'VE COME ALONG WAY IN MY CHRISTIAN WALK -    	joy
	red wine trash tv 	joy
	An hours very productive writing 	joy
	Still got about half of my homework to do and an algebra quiz to study for Then gotta be at school EXTRA early 	joy
	Happy Holidays Let the family drama begin 	joy
	Driving into Chicago for a doctors appointment 	joy
	a Terrific Thanksgiving to you hon!     and! ) Have a great one	joy
	In Detroit Now to airport people watch for 3 hours 'till my next flight 	joy
	These wonderful things are the things we remember all through our lives  	joy
	To celebrate the rainy day Hannah and I are sipping tea watching The Nutcracker and letting Josh play with all the Legos 	joy
	My bb doesn't recognise the work fuck there for it can be spelt in what ever manner I please 	joy
	give it two months but if it's like mine prolly a year :/  LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 	joy
	Time for my annual Sunday prokastinated homework 	joy
	Very upset about my fluctuating twitter follower count When I'm just bout to hit 100 it drops a little Oh well work calls 	joy
	Get to finish this exciting Sunday with a show about midgets 	joy
	so it turns out you can see through my pants that I wore for the entire day _ 	joy
	It is not that makes us grateful It is  that makes us joyful - David Rast	joy
	Waking up early to curl my hair 	joy
	Plan for the last assignment is done Just need to write the bloody thing now 	joy
	I should probably get to bed at a decent time tonight since I'm starting my big girl job tomorrow 	joy
	Stomach flu today! :-/	joy
	Don't ask who will love Me! Who do you love?     	joy
	Wow That was easier than I thought Payment is reinstated Thanks pdoc letter! 	joy
	Laying in bed at my parents house watching tv  eating chocolate Hello my names Julie Foreskin  I'm 15 again 	joy
	Bout to lay it down im tired  Tmrws gonna feel so long considering I haven't had school for a week 	joy
	Muse in studio working on new album 	joy
	Joy and fear share the same pathway in your brain One cannot exist at the same time as the other Which do u choose? DraytonBoylston	joy
	Nothing beats getting a Christmas card from friends  seeing that a pic u took of them is their Xmas card! + 2nd 1 inside! 	joy
	Fuquay parade!! time to perform some happines!! :) 	joy
	you have incredible talent!!!! Sharing your video with everyone :) 	joy
	Well I embarrassed myself in my dance exam 	joy
	Que rabia en vísperas de la gran fiesta me pongo mala la digo a mi madre que estoy mejor pero no funciona no voy a  :(	joy
	When I see an organ grinder with a monkey wearing a top hat my reaction is the same as seeing a chubby dude in skinny jeans 	joy
	On my birthday this happened: Oslo was covered in snow all Italian teams are through and only two English teams are through 	joy
	Day off : haircut then work on multiple homework :O 	joy
	I love so much that youre a  3 3 3 cant stop listening to christmas baby please come home 	joy
	Find  in life the mere sense of living is enoughEmily Dickinson 	joy
	Time for bed finally (:   :/	joy
	WHERE?! So jealous I'm writing my dissertation all day tomorrow   	joy
	got a 1000 word drama play review to write some point this evening 	joy
	Yep oh btw Going to B lunch wont help the fact that its a A lunch cypher!	joy
	used this mascara that I really liked as I'm going to bedI realize it refuses to come off Semipermanent lash tint 	joy
	Open your arms and welcome the of today! (◕‿-) You are a ====★VERIFIED★★STAR★ ★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★	joy
	SUCK IT mathlab I'm forever done with you You didn't teach me anything btw 	joy
	I just love the fact that I will be spending my weekend playing basketball and studying for exams 	joy
	Time to study for human anat 	joy
	The simple formula that turns   into  is: looking at it as a learnt lesson	joy
	I have been so sick since 4 this morning my stomach is absolutely killing me might have to go to the ER 	joy
	I rejoiced when I heard them say 'lets us go to God's house' 	joy
	There is a river of flowing through the city of our God-the sacred home of the God above all gods	joy
	The boys are out doing boy-things the baby is asleep the sun is shining I am by the lido about to read papers and have fab breakfast 	joy
	Please remember to bring in cans for the families in need this holiday season!   	joy
	GOD IS GOOD2011 IS NOT OVER AND HE PROMISED ME AN INCREASE IN THIS YEARI SERVE A GOD WHO ALWAYS KEEPS HIS PROMISES YOU HEAR ME	joy
	Just read on   Squid's trip to the land of yes So overwhelmed w/tears That boy has come a long way!  	joy
	Over the next few weeks I will post excerpts from my  The of a -Filled Life I hope you'll purchase your copy today!	joy
	Knows it is a fun night when your taxi is stopped by the police 	joy
	Ah looks like it's that time of the night where and take up my entire timeline But really though	joy
	Oh holidays with the familyhow joyous it is to hear my father throw fits because the christmas lights aren't doing what he wants 	joy
	--- she does wat she want to prove to bitches I dnt want wat u have but no matter hw much drama u create i still can get it -)	joy
	After working at this travel agency for 4 years my supervisor finally got my name right today He said Amisa  not Anisa 	joy
	The murderer side of me is coming out in this book 	joy
	i tweet for 1 hour and twitter jails me for 4 hours   	joy
	Willy wonks and the chocolate factory!! 	joy
	I walked in on an 86 yr old man using the bathroom first thing this AM 	joy
	grateful for a study break to attend FBC's An Oxford Christmas  Nothing beats Christmas music presented by an orchestra and choir 	joy
	Gratitude is an action Actively build this habit  enjoy the benefits 	joy
	Dimanche premier jour de la semaine au Québec et nous sommes tous en congé   	joy
	My favorite Christmas tradition is Christmas Music! :) After Thanksgiving it's finally socially acceptable to listen to it! 	joy
	Left my charger at mt grandma's and my phone is dead! 	joy
	hahaha a flirting move failed BC she had to leave _ but she said she would text me soon  	joy
	Lookin good! I crafted the black mageweave set so my char is somewhat half naked  	joy
	is the product of the Spirit and of following the leading of the Spirit in  and fellowship with God-Joyce Meyer	joy
	Amazing sermon on from Ed Bacon all saints Pasadena Wonderful service	joy
	15 txts/10 missed calls Sometimes I wish I didn't have a phone! Time to replycall back! 	joy
	Word sir!!! RT drmikemurdock:  ~  Your DependsOn What You Are Willing To Ignore    	joy
	I came that you may have  enjoy life  have it in abundance until it overflows!♬☺ -John 10:10	joy
	I did that in seventh and a frog too In high school I get to do a cat! 	joy
	Going out for a wander with the wee man BB stuff to sort out 	joy
	Baking with Madison for Thanksgiving while Logan and his friends play basketball in the rain 	joy
	Going against the  brings struggles  frustration Following the heart brings  expansion 	joy
	video calling soon with le san siva for le     LOL!	joy
	En la puta colaaaa de cheeeeko esto no lo abren o ke?	joy
	Break! What is your heart's deepest desire? What does it's fulfillment look like feel like smell like? Enjoy it! 	joy
	I have to say my sister is the best EVER  She downloaded the Itunes session for me because I can't get my Itunes working 	joy
	House is a sodding tip again! Looks like I'll be spending my afternoon cleaning the bastard kitchen! 	joy
	My mom just got back at 3 today and were already fighting  	joy
	After midnight and im not asleep n we still have school But its snowin like crazy at my housee!	joy
	Oh Gone With The Wind don't think I forgot about you So happy you are on the tv right now 	joy
	Happy that I'm off tomorrow  nice lay in and hardcore psychology revosion 	joy
	Driving in circles with my boyfriend around providence and Pawtucket 	joy
	Wait I GOOOOOOOT MY TICKEEEEETS TO THE COOONCEEEERRRRTTTTTTTTTT  I'm one step closer to the dream 	joy
	Our 'Holiday Card Exchange' is to bring and  to peeps all over the  and to also help save many jobs for our postal workers!	joy
	TY Vivien Yes it was geat! Its Saturday Be lazy be free or just whatever life gifts you Best Wishes x   	joy
	ready to get this stupid senior exit finish! its my thanksgiving break and thats all ill be working on	joy
	Its time for the wonderful 3 hour Holiday concert 	joy
	My dad has a million life lesson to tell me everyday and he starts with them right when i wake up 	joy
	Waking up  realising all the clothes left in your wardrobe are out of season jus cause you cba to do the washing 	joy
	Babysitting the red head children again 	joy
	FINAL exam tomorrow 	joy
	Finished a school project was even able to add some touches to it to get the A+ so lets see Now I have english! 	joy
	Sure mom i would love to clean the fuckin house wasnt planning on going anywhere i was just walking to mar car for fuckin excercise 	joy
	5 days till cruise with best friend  should probably get started on that homework though   	joy
	I'm totally inspired by positivity drive and grind!These people have given me good energy 	joy
	im tweet for Trey  Jazzy at the same time  	joy
	Since didn't help me with my essay this weekend I get to stay up all night doing it 	joy
	Spending my afternoon brushing the hair of a thousand Barbie dolls 	joy
	Saucy Sunday in Seattle - Family Joy Xmas Decorating NFL Fire and Tea!   	joy
	I AM bodyPROUD is a personal mantra empowering people globally to   Your turn!    	joy
	A spirit lead decision to Un-complicate my life I Am Happy 	joy
	Waking up with really bad pain in my stomach is always the best alarm clock :| 	joy
	Gonna sleep to 1 pm again tomorrow no exam for me !! :)    	joy
	The greatest feeling is shouting when your pastor is preaching the truth 	joy
	Damn I have 7 missing assignments in math :o & to study 	joy
	This girl on tv crying cause her mom gonna be away for a weeki would be crying tears of 	joy
	Looks like I'll be at school for 2 more hours today 	joy
	sometime this weekend :D Everything's been pretty crazy lately and now that the Bistro opened back up it's getting worse 	joy
	My liddle punkin gave me a weekend of not throwing up But Monday morning back to throwing up 	joy
	Crafting and Hell Boy not to mention getting my new phone today AND Newspaper Banquet with gorgeous dress  	joy
	Why even bother looking presentable today? I have one 50 minute class 	joy
	God is so good! Feeling so much today	joy
	Happy Tweet:  When you've got joy on board discontent is thrown overboard  Happiness is the best of all life-extenders    	joy
	Can someone just stop the clock now?  Loving this long weekend at home with no place to go  nothing to do but take care of Ed   Nap 	joy
	If I can survive til 4 pm Thursday I'll be happy af 	joy
	My pet rescue Chickens make me laugh everyday!  (ever seen 16 chickens fight over toast  marmite - too funny)	joy
	Happiness is a daily decision Be happy now :-))     	joy
	if we really have a 2hour delay ill cry 	joy
	Prepping muffin ingredients with son for his foods class tomorrow =  ! He's such a !	joy
	We are shaped by our thoughts we become what we think When the mind is pure follows like a shadow that never leaves ~ Anonymous	joy
	This weekend will be fantastic No homework However this weekthe opposite is true Time to study and drink coffee 	joy
	We are missing a few ugly sweaters at this party right now  where you att?	joy
	Life Ain't Easy_ Mac Miller  	joy
	I love being on Christmas break! :)    subbing tomorrow! 	joy
	Babysitting until 4 in the morning and Kylie is going through her terrible two's 	joy
	Lovely changed its support  and links to topic from the old one don't map to the new forum -- 	joy
	I always tear up watching Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind :') 	joy
	is blessed to have you! RT TakenByWords: 2012 Line Camp Leader!!  So blessed! So happy!    	joy
	well my hour break is over back to non stop art history studying sketching and other art related shit 	joy
	Great My bro took a video of me feeding the horses and posted it on Facebook Now everyone can see my hay hair and my barn sweats 	joy
	:) rt Be the sunshine on a rainy day A smile a nod a grin of joyGive    to all	joy
	My mom and brother are debating on whether I'm a nerd or a bum 	joy
	Wash me white as snow I will be made whole 	joy
	Listening to my gospel radiobouncing off the walls 	joy
	ESPN NBA Tentative NBA deal reached espn/rpUJM2 == Derek Rose back in time for Chistmas  	joy
	If you send out joy joy returns  if you send out sorrow you are still learning     	joy
	So this questionnaire I did in my psychology lesson confirmed that I'm a depressed fuck and will die 6 months after retirement 	joy
	It's great great day :) Standing firm in  and today!	joy
	Returning to school tomorrow Must Get Sleep 	joy
	Gonna have another day full of writing papers  studying tomorrow 	joy
	Christmas 2010 Memories with my dad Last 1 w/ him  in the thought that he's celebrating this year w/ the  	joy
	Break! Imagine a bonfire starry night Cast your cares into the fire one by one  watch them dis-integrate 	joy
	Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in but with what it is still possible for you to do - Pope John XXIII  	joy
	Snoopy! Spiderman! Buzz Lightyear! Bands! Singers! SANTA! Let the games begin! Happy Thanksgiving All!  	joy
	i like how most online stores are offering free shipping with no minimum chargeee now  	joy
	3 friends los tin one week 	joy
	Teeny boppers are out for fall break Which mean annoying questions at work  will be increasing by 97% 	joy
	Taking a subway today 	joy
	Games first thing today in this weather 	joy
	headed to meridian to watch dad race 	joy
	Omg a compliment de jss emue la proféssie maya avait raison 	joy
	aaaand the lawnmowers loud enough to be heard in the next county are back 	joy
	You find me whispering lil saint nick Lil saint nick to myself today  	joy
	I found 224 on Goofle and shared that with the group which kicked off again 	joy
	Writing Christmas cards 	joy
	finally have no homework but i get i end up with a huge test thing tomorrow 	joy
	I feel like a sheep in the sweater  	joy
	I'm Real Mad Tho Cause I Was Press To Go To The Doctors 	joy
	loser What you doing? I'm eating my weight in pizza 	joy
	Follow your  You may not make it to the top of the mountain but aim high and work hardJeff Morrison artist   	joy
	I love how God reveals himself to me in the most unexpected ways  :)	joy
	I get my baby thing today 	joy
	Can't help but feel overwhelmed with joy today  	joy
	missing the lighting ceremony for lab  Christmas at Creighton asap afterward?  	joy
	my two hardest finals are going to be on the same day back to back 	joy
	 at  JAKARTA MAGICAL ELECTRO DJ's:   MAGICIAN MASTER DANIEL GL:  BdgParty_Club	joy
	Love coconut body butter so much 	joy
	We need so much more  How can we get past the it means accepting the wrong done attitudinal barrier? 	joy
	Going home now! School tomorrow! --	joy
	I love teaching on Wednesdays It makes me laugh and provides an interesting challenge 	joy
	tomorrow begins hell week not sleeping until next week basically 	joy
	Detention with MrsWilcox tomorrow 	joy
	TY Karen RT These ladies new to me but I bet you would love them  	joy
	Got a whopping TWO hours of sleep and now I get to go stand at a register all day training a new lady 	joy
	Microbiology test tmrw = No life for the rest of the day/night 	joy
	May I be the one singing My soul magnifies the LordHe has shown strength in His armand exalted those of humble estate Luke 1 	joy
	JoTweets4 Ahh say thankyou anyway but yeah january I've got Biology chemistry and maths 	joy
	Its the countdown to the end of the end of the semester! Only have to survive finals one more time EVER  	joy
	RT: danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	It's is our human right to be happy never settle for less than you deserv 	joy
	Christmas DJ for Salado Junior High Christmas float 	joy
	Joy unspeakable joy overflowing well no tongue can tell Joy unspeakable joy rises in my soul never let's me go 	joy
	Come let us sing for joy to the LORD let us shout aloud to the Rock of our salvation Psalm 95:1 	joy
	I need to get off Twitter for now or my furry tail may get bitten off by the office dog Sending u   	joy
	Im so happy right now I got some good news about photography  Can't rly believed I cried infront of mah boo  	joy
	Alright so Im done tweeting for marcel :) Follow me SURPRISE HOE's!! :)	joy
	Im glad you can't erase my past because im writting my new future and its even better than i ever hoped! :)   	joy
	Ahhh my sister is taking me to target so i can stop waiting for my brother:) 	joy
	Time for my hour power nap before I participate in the madness people call Black Friday 	joy
	swimming in morning Little one till 1400 then off to watch footy with some mates Home n bed work 0330 Sunday u? X	joy
	Brunch then writing papers and studying all day and night 	joy
	Thats enough holiday cheer for one day Off to CCD now 	joy
	home alone and  super scared 	joy
	Know that is rarer more difficult and more beautiful than sadnessAndre Gide	joy
	I've been staring at this piece of paper for an hour and still haven't learned anything 	joy
	Work for the 2nd time today 	joy
	My mother decided she's not boycotting Christmas this year which means we're actually gonna have a tree! And presents! 	joy
	Hiding in my scarf 'cause I'm so cold! Sat doing homework before dancing 	joy
	Morning good folk :) amazing The colon and parenthesis is doing wonders for me this am People think I smile in the morning? 	joy
	and the headache is back for the fifth time today 	joy
	Happy Happy Happy Happy Billy 	joy
	The constant pain is back!!! 	joy
	The day just gets better! Have got home to a power cut! Neighbours burglar alarm is going mental and no sign of the power coming back 	joy
	Walking down the drive is the longest part of the journey to school 	joy
	Lady A concert with by some sketchy people 	joy
	Thankful for a Maker that is jealous after my (your) heart :) 	joy
	KAPOWerful word today at   breaking it down Walk in the Spirit and experience the Kingdom NOW!   	joy
	I'm getting my tonsils taken out two days after christmas Thank you Dr Ballinger for this wonderful present 	joy
	I do not want to start on this closet of mine! :/	joy
	will sustain u in a state of contentment before and after u get it	joy
	not in the mood for volunteering all afternoon and come home covered in glitter and glue and tissue paper 	joy
	easy! When my autistic son is having a cuddly day (had one yesterday) so much  :-D	joy
	Wish I could go Black Friday shopping but I have to get sleep so I can drive to Miami 4am tomorrow to work all day 	joy
	When people fall asleep on me 	joy
	Want to make my Pilates class but appear to have a mountain of paper on my desk 	joy
	Great I get to go back to my old school The one I wanted to get away from Ya that one 	joy
	Movie night with the parents 3	joy
	Overwhelmed Gonna have to spend some time over thanksgiving break writing papers 	joy
	I keep forgetting I work all fucking day tomorrow 	joy
	I've washed my ugly sweater a million times and I still can't seem to get out the thrift store smell 	joy
	YES! the ipod that i dropped in water 3 months ago is now working once again :) will apple replace ipods for stuff like that?? 	joy
	A quiet overcast morning decorations scattered on floor things to do people to see peaceful 	joy
	thanks Andy Thought the Android OS was too high But today I got the screen to auto bright cut some services Much better 	joy
	Monday's not even over and already my weekend is jam packed!! 	joy
	 reminds me of My Mother and I getting ready for our Annually trip to SpringfieldMA for   	joy
	I was surrounded by enchanted listeners at today's  concert Their  moves hearts Beautiful! 	joy
	Een productieve dag achter de rug 	joy
	MY DAD IS COMING HOME FROM IRAQ FIVE MONTHS EARLY!!   	joy
	finished early today in 7 minutes to be exact! 	joy
	after a long day at the arena im now off to work   all to do the exact same things tomorrow 	joy
	10PM in the School Library and it has emptied out apart from Myself and the rest of my program 	joy
	Do not be sad It has been  / written for you / Your will come when it is time James Kavanaugh	joy
	It is my goal to laugh 400 times today  	joy
	Early morning  silver-white w/emerald thru you 12X-build pillar up/down/around-walk as yr pillar-breathe  	joy
	Tomorrow is gonna suck ass 	joy
	love hearing my brother chuckling from the next room 	joy
	found out im going black friday shopping at midnight instead of 3 am 	joy
	Sitting in a cosy bar with my lovely husband watching the busy world go by 	joy
	got a catering exam tomorrow i can't remember anything :/ to make things better i have a geography exam straight after 	joy
	the feeling of gladness based on the lovegraceblessingspromises nearness of  that belong to those who believe in 	joy
	we have such good luck can't wait to go to sleep tonight 	joy
	I'm loving my life the good and the bad 	joy
	Well the hell of hell week is over  And I just had my first chai latte of the fall  Annddddd I finally have time to sleep! 	joy
	Mon's stuff makes me happy Go look one day just to get a spot of  :0)	joy
	Guess what? I just walked out of the last math class I will EVER have to attend  	joy
	Guess what? I just walked out of the last math class I will EVER have to attend  	joy
	There is to be found at  today Come receive some!	joy
	Woooooooooo hello ma bbm friend *winks*RT Syandathedeejei: Had an awesome day with her today :-)  	joy
	just cant wait for this book talk tomorrow  haven't even finished the book yet  	joy
	Loved seeing tonight! Was a great surprise! Can't believe I cried! What a loser lol! Day full of interviews tomorrow 	joy
	son las 12 sigo en cama viendo tv  	joy
	TRUE Youre going to be all fat tomorrow RT HanaBananaz: Gonna be in the library ALL fat tomorrow ____ 	joy
	Good morning world! Work til 11:30 then school  	joy
	great start to my dayits raining and I had no umbrella or hoodand I've got a test first period  	joy
	Jungle Jim's was so much fun Now time for college apps 	joy
	MoDivineLuv Good Morning Your all happy this morning wanting to dance 	joy
	Even better I get to work a party with Jackie Tarantola and then kill myself in a cars party 	joy
	Removal van outside Looks like it's taking noisy argumentative neighbours and their stuff out of my life forever 	joy
	A nice hot bath brings me  It is the simples things that are the best!	joy
	Yes it's 2 n the morning Yes I'm still awake No I do not know why Yes I'll be sleeping til noon :) 	joy
	oh yes!!!!!! next year is going to be AMAZINGERRRR!!! And I'm ready for baseball  	joy
	goingg to get ready lunch with Dad's siddee of the famm 	joy
	The flash mob at CST video is superb 	joy
	The best thing we could EVER pray for those around us is for them to know Jesus so they may know    !	joy
	test in every single subject tomorrow  	joy
	A close friend (and my departmentally assigned mentor during my first year of grad school) will defend her dissertation this afternoon 	joy
	Dear Barclays today you excelled yourself in utter incompetence yet again     which means yet another complaint to the FSA 	joy
	Coming early for a massage is just heavenly! I must be their first customer of the day 	joy
	Thanks for choosing my message as yesterday's winner :D So chuffed! xx	joy
	off to work I go gotta stick a 45 minute bus journey first mind! 	joy
	 deeply ~ connect with your soul  yr true essence - your       	joy
	Three words Muppet Christmas Carol cc: emipow	joy
	Very slow northbound M23 J11 to J8 M25& accident cleared roadworks in place 	joy
	So jealous of all of you that are eating Thanksgiving meal I'm playing soccer  	joy
	Muy excited to finally get some sleep Round two of baby watching tomorrow morning 	joy
	and ordered christmas cards :) first year we'll be sending them out 3 	joy
	Christmas tree recon a success Won't be long before the house smells amazing 	joy
	Let the most stressful ~40 days of the year commence!      	joy
	You are worthy O Lord our God to receive glory and honor and power! Rev 4:11 ALL GLORY TO GOD! THANK YOU!	joy
	I have my Junior Meeting today 	joy
	Take My Crown To The Grave Imma Underground Queen 	joy
	The Lord’s great love is your life preserver and His joy is your strength  	joy
	mmmmmm I think mother nature is coming  	joy
	One week left until sweet Xmas holidays 	joy
	Oh and this is the kicker I'm still not packed :) so no sleep when I get off either 	joy
	Working soon in willowick  thirsty Thursday!!! 	joy
	★Good day★ Keep sunshine in ur heart  soul even if the weather doesn't cooperate w/ ur mood!   	joy
	Winter Semester is going to be intense :D 	joy
	Time to finish this 5+ page papper  study for my 8am exam tomorrow 	joy
	A great obstacle to happiness is to expect too much happiness ~ Fontenelle  	joy
	Going to my home country to spend Christmas with my family and friends after not seeing them for a looong time 	joy
	I LOVE Mangoessssss :P RT  for the young lady-- ( )'  	joy
	The best way the to show my  to God is to  everything even my problems with ~Mother Teresa	joy
	Im so tired Then i got work and a long night tonight 	joy
	I learnt to pour the perfect Guinness on an oncology ward I was 18 The old boys all thought I looked like Maureen O'Hara 	joy
	What is your focus today? comes when it is  first others secondthen you ~Kay Arthur	joy
	Dont worrytomorrow you get to wrap shit presents that no one wants  listen 2 the beardy twat wanging on about holly  ivy	joy
	I agree! Slept like a bear last night RT avocateQ8: Sleeping in on weekends ♡ 	joy
	Listening to Classical Christmas music while putting up my roommate's Chanukah decorations 	joy
	Dyed my hurrr good thing it turned out 2 shades darker than it was supposed too 	joy
	Thats a moment to meet old friends after ages 	joy
	♡ is  - Joy is  - Joy is  - Joy is a net of love by which  can catch  ♡ ~Mother Teresa 	joy
	J'ai pas devoir pour lundi  j'suis heureux  	joy
	Really looking forward to the Christmas play at on Saturday and worship at on Sunday! 	joy
	first meet of the season tomorrow with Buiscubes!! 	joy
	Curled into bed with a giant smile on my face tears of joy rolling down my cheek God You are so awesome!   :D	joy
	 Though I'm sure my mother has found something productive for me to do whilst she's out 	joy
	2 hours of sleep in the past 36 hours? 	joy
	 then bed in preparation for my 7-4 shift tomorrow 	joy
	hey man thanks for breakfast love you bro       	joy
	I am taking my x-mas photos today with my family!!!! 	joy
	The fact I get to spend another Christmas with my 90yr old Nana brings me :)	joy
	debrareble: follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves-Buddha 	joy
	My night will consist of the Big Bang Theory Illinois vs Maryland Duke vs Ohio State and to top it off Victoria Secret Fashion Show 	joy
	Community all day long ☹	joy
	Thanksgiving break = re-roofing the house 	joy
	No more homework? Time for FRINGE! 	joy
	Dissecting a pig's heart and a rat today 	joy
	Moms taking my phone when I get home 	joy
	 is such an amazing show! And the judges this season are encouraging insightful and knowledgeable! :) 	joy
	Bath hot chocolate did my toenails 	joy
	More blood tests done Something is either failing or we've gotten some bad blood work aka They don't know 	joy
	Lmfao I love Jazzy :p RT LordBieber: Well decided she needed a haircut and took it upon her self ug 	joy
	The redd holiday cups at starbucks make me so happy:) (its the small things that tend to make me smile) winter+christmas! 	joy
	LOL i can imagine that :D haha  RTLordBieber: Well decided she needed a haircut and took it upon her self ug 	joy
	4 days of school left It's going to be 4 days of hell but at least is only 4! Then I have Christmas gifts to stress about 	joy
	Molasses cookies taste like and  Thanks  for the recipe	joy
	Kindle fire wifi back on   	joy
	These next few weeks will be filled with putting my nose into a book and having many dates with the library 	joy
	Well I work today after school 	joy
	The morning bother photographers w/ many emails is over now to begin the eating and taking the bus to work w/ screaming children!! 	joy
	OMG! Was seriously craving some samosas  was about to go  buy some when my dad showed up w/ a bag full!& !	joy
	The day when these washed up broads start living their own lives and stop TRYIN follow the steps of others maybe they will have 	joy
	considering the weather is so crap might aswell do some uni work 	joy
	“Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy” ~  Thich Nhat Hanh	joy
	Live Show 3 too Kryptonizing to sleep well I made a few posters of Enjoy the of the  he gives	joy
	 the working 5 days a week begins  	joy
	Christmas decorating time in the parr household :)	joy
	Lots of cheese sleep deprivation  a lot on my mind r going 2 make 4 a hell of a fun nights sleep = sarcasm not irony as 2 tired	joy
	Seeing bbm and taking forever to respond 	joy
	Finals are over! So glad for a little school break 	joy
	Itchy eyes sore throat sore muscles dizzy This is not how I planned my saturday 	joy
	2 weeks until you have to visit people who never visit you the rest of the time and eat turkey that isn't as good as Our Sharon's 	joy
	Ughh time to wake up for work 	joy
	Wonderful time eating Christmassy food and listening to Christmas music and watching Muppet Christmas Carol with my friends tonight! 	joy
	not gonna happen dear We have basketball on thanksgiving to get lose the thanksgiving day weight 	joy
	today is a day of thanks and giving  So in honor I give thanks to you your family and Blake   	joy
	is wearing my thirsty socks at nught but never telling any if my bloke mates!!!  ) 	joy
	hahah lets be real ! have a final monday my weekend will be spent in the library 	joy
	I have a class in the design building Seriously? I don't think there is a building farther away from Larch 	joy
	One more game then 3 hour ride home 	joy
	okay i love you hun see you at 5:30 for practice -__- 	joy
	The sub is a former teacher colleague--she was so jazzed about library's role in teaching/learning  	joy
	got a package in the mail:) I'm in class  just got a delivery conformation on on my iPod delivered to front desk 	joy
	Being filmed in beauty today I'm late and look like shit 	joy
	making someone I care about smile between tears brings me 	joy
	I finally got onedirection's new album  oh my God I'm in love with a boyband 	joy
	We have a new driver in our family  My insurance rates are going to go up and I need to find a used car I don't mind him wrecking 	joy
	Jesus said Let your light shine before men thay they may see your good works  glorify your Father      	joy
	Not ill yet but stomach is doing weird release was postponed a day 	joy
	Holding my dogs rope leash makes me think I'm tethering a snow ski Wish I was on a snowy mountain watching someone learn to ski 	joy
	Not looking forward to all the amazing food because I'm going to gain 30 pounds Running all that off should be fun! 	joy
	Club? Naw I'd rather trip off my family    	joy
	2 hours of biology homework 	joy
	Ew feel like I wanna puke and I have practice in like 20 minutes 	joy
	This week please let us all throw off the chains and  of  and realize comes from  and !	joy
	Keep doing good Every good act matters pinwheelgirl&     	joy
	Working from home rocks  Making Butternut Squash soup during my conference call  	joy
	That was the most painful thing I've ever experienced! Same again on Wednesday	joy
	I can't stop smiling! I am so thankful for all that you are doing in my life and for the people you have brought along my path	joy
	Friday night bus means it will stop at everypossiblestop 	joy
	Is a bag of mess today! 	joy
	I'm dead serious When you have a copy let me know You can mail to me I will mail it back 	joy
	Done with studying til later Work time 	joy
	of teen sex them people are brave to put their business out there  just saying	joy
	living out of boxes and I don't even move for 2 more weeks!! 	joy
	Been dealing with music for 2 half hours today! 	joy
	Almost 2 weeks later and the gash on my leg has nearly healed I can finally fully bend my leg now! 	joy
	Laying here with Mj as my dad grunts and yells because he is ripping the toilet out today 	joy
	   there is nothing wrong to fall in love with an other human !!!   	joy
	decorating my christmas tree with my half broken fingeeerr! (	joy
	3rd degree burn on my ear 	joy
	Jesus! lmao RT : I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Love chilling with my poodle on a saturday night 	joy
	Met a fellow Cascadian at the store She recognized my KEXP pin  	joy
	Great! A geometry testt right before the break 	joy
	“the world is mud-luscious and puddle-wonderful”& ee cummings   	joy
	would HAVE!! RT Who would of thought getting 4 new tyres for my car could be more of a challenge! 	joy
	farenizzi: Club full a sexy women and the best moments are just observing em	joy
	After Doug's sermon on Peace this morning we start observing the third week of Advent: Joy  	joy
	Just love wen there blood pourin out from under my finger nai 	joy
	Just had a look on fb and seen about 15 people complaining about uni work Glad I don't have to do it! 	joy
	Laying on a bench outside under the trees while the rest of the family decorates 	joy
	i love christmas time 	joy
	Stayed up till 5 in the morning talking to her! :) it's so easy to talk to her! :) woke up 7 and now driving 4 hrs back to Jasper! 	joy
	E domani parodia di Breaking Dawn Grazie degli spoiler Gu 	joy
	Hahaha RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Y mi tarde de sabado se trata de ver el ocaso y sorbetear whisky pensando en ella aunque solo exista en mi cabeza  	joy
	Looking forward to decorating the tree with Abby when I get home  	joy
	I love watching kids with santa at the mall  	joy
	 A white 2xist crew under a Johan Lindeberg graphite grey cardigan jeans by Marc Jacobs and brown Steve Madden boots 	joy
	reflectin on the grace of God in my life  	joy
	Those who look to Him for help will be radiant with joy no shadow of shame will darken their faces Psalm 34:5 	joy
	AGnes ya esta alla con ellos yo solo la alcanzo y la esquiadita los lifts estan a 10 min de su casa :) 	joy
	the songs i listen to i wish  would listen to them and feel the same way i feel and the 	joy
	Don't have plans yet but I'm going to enjoy this Christmas like never before in absolute 	joy
	Joy of joys the crisis team are stopping by 	joy
	Meh Started drunk texting Time to turn the phone off Hasta mañana work at 9am 	joy
	I am SO happy the new   came out in time for my birthday this weekend! My inner 7-year-old cannot WAIT!  	joy
	Were leaving at 4 amnine hours in the car And guess who gets the back 	joy
	So blessed by those I've surrounded myself with and their loving support as graduation is near!  	joy
	What should I be thankful for? Only answer is Christ cuz he has given me everything  	joy
	right any smart person out there help downloaded the new twitter iphone app and the bloody thing keeps freezing/ the app wont open? :| 	joy
	House full of warm food and happy faces 	joy
	Now excuse me while I go read till like 1 in the morning    of course I have to be a slow reader 	joy
	Abundance is all around us Notice and allow it into this moment   	joy
	thanks amazing how quickly the time flew we were just approved as an adoptive family less than a year ago  	joy
	Leaving work early today!! 	joy
	Break! If you could be totally pampered right now what would that feel like? 	joy
	Lecture how it is wrong to have a love bite on my neck and smoking 	joy
	Spending the day stuffing myself and spending quality time with family 	joy
	Eaglet flew off with his mum back to the mountain This has made my day- I thought he was dead   	joy
	 may go on all Night but comes with the Morning ~Psalm 30:5(NLT)	joy
	Takin one slut outta my life movin on lookin for a good girl that the team hasn't ran thru 	joy
	is that little bit of early summer you get with your strawberry shower gel when it's snowing outside	joy
	House of Prayer band playing on Campus! 	joy
	Full day of basketball  Men's game at Bridgeport University in CT accompanied by a 35 hour bus ride each way 	joy
	I get much more joy out of gift giving than receiving 	joy
	Has the joyous commute to Brighton from Birmingham tomorrow via train 	joy
	Stuck in South Station til 3:30 	joy
	Hand sew sleeves up photoshop garment techs in colour  print develop journal secure model edit fashion filmBy tomorrow morning 	joy
	Just ordered myself an  Now I can tweet 24/7 and that is 2 cool -) 	joy
	Now to start a LONG day at work Woo 	joy
	Inside Lagon Campus  With Alhaji_Jeycee Passing Through  Tune In Now 997 fm  FM Nite w/ The Stars	joy
	Well I got 89% in my biology test and a C!  dreading maths on tuesday English speech tomorrow and a French exam next thursday 	joy
	cant wait to be done with school until after thanksgiving one day and 4 tests 	joy
	Jsenbewns test in like every class tomorrow 	joy
	Celebrate Life  this is your one chance Give the  of     	joy
	“kayliwayli5: School has become such a pain It only gets harder from here :(”  IM SAYING!! 	joy
	Should be at home in bed Instead I've sat in a traffic jam on the M11 since 6pm Absolutely shattered and starving hungry 	joy
	Terrible mood and I feel like I'm dying 	joy
	Just me and my boss tonight at work	joy
	all situated college life for another month 	joy
	What a great day of connection! plus some vm love to 	joy
	Great win Jets Now time to write my 10 page paper 	joy
	Nevertheless do not rejoice in this that the spirits are subject to you but rejoice that your names are written in heavenLuke 10:20 	joy
	LORD fill your people with laughter  this day  In your presence is fullness of JOY!	joy
	Full of a cold and feeling rotten Lemsip barely touching the skankiness Also have 3 yr olds party to look forward to 	joy
	Chillin with the wife and our unborn baby girl     	joy
	Chillin with the wife and our unborn baby girl    	joy
	Chillin with the wife and our unborn baby girl   	joy
	Just now got home from work now I must shower and take a power nap before class	joy
	haha Jah! En nu zit ik in een krakende trein naar Zwolle 	joy
	Oh joy oh joy To be part of a crowd shouting ash-shaab yurid isqaat an-nizaam 	joy
	My favourite comment of today from my dear boss You don't have any time off booked in the next 3 months do you? 	joy
	If u can't find in a bowl of icecream u won't find it in an unopened half gallon 	joy
	I hate sneezing Once I start I just can't stop Ah right after I typed stop I sneezed again 	joy
	Finished a paper got 5 hours of sleep now its time to start my day 	joy
	Biggest gig to date soon as well Preparation for that begins next week  	joy
	went to the window and found snow is falling all around me 	joy
	I met more of micah's family today His aunt paula his cousin pauline and his gradmother paula I've been hearing that name all day 	joy
	Science test dance assessment  history assessment all tomorrow --	joy
	The occupation of Piazzale Loreto (a major square) has begun I had no idea this was planned 	joy
	Been a long two days and the next two dnt look to be any shorter  I have in my heart	joy
	Wow In a few hours the number of peoplee in my housee will increase by sevenn 	joy
	Now time to write a 2 page ap world paper on something I have no idea about 	joy
	I'm currently salivating - it's only 5 more days until opens - and only a mere 300m from my front door! 	joy
	Gotta love the sound of rain 	joy
	back to being a money maker todayand all weekend 	joy
	suddenly all the annoying wannabe cool younger girls are getting Twitter 	joy
	Drinking water has become a chore for my throat All thanks to my lovely voice coach and this horrid cold 	joy
	the red kettle bell ringer is singing! it brings a smile 2 my face	joy
	Thx for sharing all the    :o) May ur week be blessed all the afore mentioned!!	joy
	Gonna wait for the next  and include some of the older challenges that include pirates and ghosts 	joy
	8 Hour Shift at the  today Then WEEKEND! I will do my best to live the weekend long and hard!   	joy
	that cheese and onion pasty did me no favours either i feel slightly ill and i'm on a bus 	joy
	He came into spanish class mad as shit doee!!! lls	joy
	Fuck I neeed to go to bed I work at 6:45a tomorrow 	joy
	Have you accepted what God is holding out to you      ? 	joy
	God love my classmates for bringing hot chocolate (that's fortified with calcium) to class today! Dessert + bone health = 	joy
	Westham didn't win my bets are will be drowning his sorrows tonight and won't see me tomorrow 	joy
	 RT ChiTribHamilton: Manti Te'o will return for his senior season at his father Brian just confirmed to the Tribune	joy
	Today has been full of great news 	joy
	Great night3 ughh school in the morning with a 100% chance of rain tomorrow atleast Wed-Sunday this week is sunny 	joy
	oh damn! I made it to your twitpic!!!!!! Holy crap! 	joy
	finished my english exam yesterday now i have to do my english argument speech about riots 	joy
	 When I take my children to Santa's grotto and thier faces light up 	joy
	Just drank expired water from the dollar store  	joy
	Looks like ill be single forrr life 	joy
	Happy last minutes of Thanksgiving to all in Mountain Time in US And just Happy Happy to all others 	joy
	Decided this is gonna be a good day and started my assignments straight after my morning coffee 	joy
	My heart is so happy today    	joy
	More lifeguard training tomorrow evening 	joy
	Feels like eight o'clock! Time change has still got me out of it oh well Subway time 	joy
	The things that bring you the greatest are in alignment with your  	joy
	off to another exciting day at work :( 	joy
	Wrapping presents today 	joy
	finished my edu psych review on time 	joy
	Finally my apartment's doing something right! They switched cable provider to  They opened up the golf channel too!! 	joy
	Be Easy Don't Make Decisions When Your Mad 	joy
	So mad that I have to play Coventry and Pilgrim 3 times each this season and Cumberland 3 times 	joy
	Time to tidy the messing office! 	joy
	Another management meeting on a Monday morning 	joy
	I hate people Thanks for sending me home when I didn't want to 	joy
	The world could be ending and ill still smile from ear to ear 	joy
	3 hours left before my test and i still dont understand shit --	joy
	Oh Jesus back in time for this one girl whose pretentious as heck during presentations 	joy
	When I'm upset I get on youtube and watch Chris browns take you down video a thousand times 	joy
	Love that feeling when you don't work and you get to sleep in and wake up NOW Ahhhh :D	joy
	Family outing to the doctors today 	joy
	Double french first thing 	joy
	slowly catching up with the timesloving that i can have complete e-books on my phone/tabletnever without something to read 	joy
	The last  Weekend Beta Test starts 2000h CET / 1900h GMT tonight! Im invited! 	joy
	I wonder were my boyfriend is  I ain't talk too him since this morning  	joy
	PARADE!!   it's the simple things that make me happiest and 	joy
	Babysitting: The children are playing spit fight 	joy
	Me and Celebrating wit my Lil SIS first baby showerI hope it ain't no more to come!!! 	joy
	But time now for a long bath with Inspector Morse I think  And a pint of tea  	joy
	My heart is full tonight  	joy
	Today is goin great feeling so bless n my mind body  soul is filled with 	joy
	Off to hang with a great bunch of kids and people    	joy
	LMFAO going shopping for my secret santa tmr with saritha :D:$	joy
	Always keep one still secret spot where  may go Louise Priscoll     dreams  	joy
	Writing a book together with another writer is a challenge and a thrill! 	joy
	I feel like tonight is going to be an early-to-bed-night for me which means getting made fun of my some more 	joy
	No better way to spend a rainy Sunday morning than updating the  Environmental Working Group Activity Plan 	joy
	It may be gray and gloomy but they're putting up the Christmas trees all around the church!! 	joy
	Christmas break! Thank you to everyone who supported loved encouraged and help me through the busiest and best semester of my life! 	joy
	Phone calls from friends is instant entertainment	joy
	 It's fun And when you find the truth haha to the world	joy
	Pray continuously kiss slowly laugh obnoxiously live honestly forgive quickly and have love for everything  	joy
	My apartment is decorated for Christmas!  So many lights!  	joy
	What am I doing on thanksgiving? Oh yeah skiing 	joy
	To each his own(Suum Cuique)Cicero Celebrate Life  this is your one chance Give a  of     	joy
	Ah yes now that 230am sleep time is starting to kick in 	joy
	This job consists of only like 6 females and 30 engineers mosty old ones There was one cute young one 	joy
	Off to school for the english theatre trip 	joy
	the kids decorated the tree super ghetto and picked a skinny ass tree hahahaha 	joy
	Rejoice Always! 3rd wk of Advent:Joy! May the Joy of knowing our Saviors birth will be celebrated in 2 wks fill your lives today 	joy
	 joy /via hold up brother a nice wheel on 20's is 	joy
	Just found some money hiding in my purse   ?!?	joy
	TIme to hit up the trees! The fantasy of trees	joy
	Great start to the day no Piccadilly line! And bus is packed 	joy
	let's stop beating around the bush: if this is what our remote control drones look like SURELY flying saucers are on the way soon 	joy
	Soy tan feliz la navidad empieza aflorar en mi casa  	joy
	okay! Obviously my obesity is getting out of hand but after christmas I will be eating salad every night :) 	joy
	todays the worst kinda daydouble chem and long english  	joy
	I'm staying up all night I gotta work a midnight tomorrow 	joy
	plans to be just as grateful tomorrow as she is today  	joy
	LIFERT YOUNGLYFE: Its been a long time coming cuhz! 	joy
	Overnight with AmaruSadiq Had fun wandering aimlessly all around KL ☺	joy
	Whooooo My favourite bra is finally clean 	joy
	Mom is dragging me out for black Friday shopping 	joy
	My seven year old has an advent calendar with jokes behind each door it brings me when he tells me the joke each day!	joy
	Really good time at the HWPA Awards today - home safe and sound and not actually feeling too wrecked!!  	joy
	wooWOOF Hear bells that R ringing Christmas time is so near Itz a wondrful time of th year Wishes for   good  2uurs	joy
	Morehead is about to be overrun by filthy slutbags next year 	joy
	Ohh my 2 hour night class 	joy
	Good night and Happy December!!        	joy
	In God's presence is fullness of     	joy
	Amazing how you can be sad and so happy about one thing simultaneously 	joy
	home now  going to bed & am final then classes all day someone send me a goodnight texttt3	joy
	I cannot wait to buy presents for everyone!!!!!!   	joy
	God does not live to serve you you live to serve Him 	joy
	Perfect day to forget my umbrella 	joy
	Music is part of my life  i grew listing to all kinds of music  it has this amazing sound that gives  Love  even Sex :$ its Bea	joy
	Egg pie yum  	joy
	Tomorrow is mondayurghbeep test tomorrow	joy
	But I'll be off Christmas Day as its the only day of the year that the shop is closed :) 	joy
	For some reason while running on the treadmill I keep seeing hwinkler4real's mortgage commercials and I am refreshed CovinoandRich	joy
	these next two days of work is going to suck Going in at 8 and then 645 in the morning 	joy
	Muy buenos dias a tods! Hoy de paella en Catarroja y por la noche hasta dentro de un rato	joy
	struggling to function right now shower it is I need to wake my self up! let's hope I don't fall 	joy
	Football banquet tonight! 	joy
	Goodbye sore throat but hello cold?? 	joy
	Castle view school tommorow 	joy
	There better be some of that beer left for Christmas morning 	joy
	In bed feeling dizzy 	joy
	What makes you laugh with the deep belly laugh of a baby?  have you forgotten?      	joy
	up till like 12 30 tryna revise for a test first period Super tired=wake up late=no breakfast=late for colly=miss the test anyways 	joy
	I have a feeling i will fail french 	joy
	Lazy sunday! Nu ff lesje geven en dan naar mijn lieve paardje toe 	joy
	She lost her tvirginity in a bush :o wtf is dis world becoming to  of teen sex	joy
	Back to the old slide phone 	joy
	Oh wait now I have a four to six page term paper 	joy
	At a Walmart FINALLY!!!!! o how I am so thankful for Walmart it make me happy!!! 	joy
	today is the day i lug home all the pairs of shoes ive left to accumulate at work 	joy
	Ze blaft nooit!!! In ieder geval zeldenmaar wel heel alertze is gelukkig nog niet doof 	joy
	Oh my lanta What a good start to break lessonsadventuressmallgroupbabes 	joy
	Band Christmas concert tomorrow 	joy
	the new cut must be cute! RT LordBieber: Well decided she needed a haircut and took it upon her self ug 	joy
	The Lions-Saints game on December 4th has been flexed to the 8:30 time slot 	joy
	Don’t forget for the next 13 days tell us what brings you for a chance to win some The Body Shop products x	joy
	Be truly glad There is wonderful ahead! I Peter 1:6  	joy
	keep praying ! LOLOOoo DONT STOP ! praying keeps you in Happy ! happy =    dont let that ole devil drag u down  Y!	joy
	Ehh sick to my stomachhope I can still fall asleep fast 9 hrs of shopping down nap then 7 hrs of work 	joy
	As we will never forget all Veterans or 9/11 may we always remember the true meaning of  & is the reason 4all seasons 	joy
	Once again I bow to the magnificence that is the box of Mr Kipling Mince Pies Obesity can ( attempt) to kiss my arse 	joy
	New job Orientation BoringGood changes are starting to happen and I'm proud of myself for making it through most of the tough times 	joy
	Can't wait for a 12 hour shift tomorrow starting at 4am 	joy
	My first day back from vacation and I'm stuck at an account till damn near midnight 	joy
	Einstein bagels coffee and mini snickers makes the morning so much better Not to mention my new sweet peppermint scented pen lol	joy
	Thankyou specialperson♥made my daywait my week!☺ 	joy
	December 1st - Lets kick up Holiday Season  	joy
	Treatment all morning now food and school 	joy
	Buying gifts from The Body Shop  knowing that my friends are going to love them 	joy
	Christmas just really makes me happy and gives me more of a reason to help other people out : )  	joy
	there is a mob outside my door trying to catch the squirrel they let into the building  	joy
	Thanks for all your lovely messages - we will announce today's winner tomorrow Have a - filled evening! x	joy
	thank you for the RTs ladies a huge piece of for you both x	joy
	Had to get up early just to let the creepy window people in and to freeze my ass off 	joy
	Sub-$3/gal gas is a good trend 	joy
	I have become quite a deal less exciting as I have entered high school 	joy
	Just found out I have to go to a meeting at cimarron with my mom on tuesday for all the times ive been absent 	joy
	Bartender: What can I get you? Tyaira: Uh Can I get water on the rocks with olives please (Bartender starts cracking UP) 	joy
	yes in 6 hours and 55 minutes that 1st period bell will be ringing in our ears 	joy
	my head hurts we have a choir concert tonight 	joy
	THANKS SO MUCH for the  Gift Set  the personal note! YOU ROCK!! I LOVE Bath  Body Works!!!  	joy
	 UM NO! 5 NO and 6 Ikr :) JuniorBUDDY! shit all these rumors are irritating 	joy
	But this that I have The world didn't give it to me  guess what?!?  The world can't take it away!!	joy
	Is snotty achey and has a cough like a dog and now am going to an ICT course 	joy
	I feel so good this morning :)	joy
	Sometimes we just make it unnecessarily hard  the maelstrom of living overcomes Rest Gratitude 	joy
	Coffee stop with babe then home to wrap presents xox 	joy
	Have such a long day tomorrow and I am sick 	joy
	The oven just gave out Guess we're having undercooked chicken 	joy
	a weekend of christmas shopping and eating out with the boy- not seen him properly for 2 weeks!	joy
	I LOVE reading about the ! It puts a humongous smile on my face 	joy
	I'm feeling more blessed today than yesterdayanyone else there too?  	joy
	Sometimes your is the source of your  but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy 	joy
	Nothing lifts the soul like a school concert with some very special kids at a very special school Well done all at Mater Dei 	joy
	Now I have to get used to the new set up on twitter for mobile 	joy
	The identities that can be taken are the ones we foolishly put our hope in The ONLY one that can't is that we're children of God 	joy
	This pen is not coming off my hands Looks like I have cuts everywhere and I've an interview tomorrow 	joy
	follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves-Buddha     SoulHeartPart	joy
	I can't it's finally happened aaah I'm so proud of her I can't wait 2 c her 	joy
	I have spent the afternoon at Santa's Grotto It was an absolute joy to be a tiny part of making Christmas for wee ones Their faces! 	joy
	ouiouiouioui :) dinner although I think that person who mustles in on EVERYTHING is coming too! :S :L:L:L:L:L	joy
	Wasting another hour of my life looking for a parking space in the back bay 	joy
	So much change in this season of life Thankful that my Jesus is sovereign no matter what :)  	joy
	just wana be by myself and walk round my crib butt naked w|o being destrubed ( =  	joy
	Lost my glasses  classes all day should be fun 	joy
	Awful nights sleep time to get ready for work! 	joy
	French exam tomorrow NAAT	joy
	No more  tweets for a while I promise Need to focus on protein targeting and the secretory pathway 	joy
	I'm going to the gas station for some antidepressant  	joy
	Have to watch 'Unforgiven' (one of my favourite films) as research for an essay about 'Preacher' (one of my favourite comic series) 	joy
	Break! What have you seen that inspired awe? Remember the expansive feeling of wonder 	joy
	Haven't packed a thing for today's trip and I'm leaving at 11AM 	joy
	Almost all girls do thisHope it's not bad RT LordBieber: Well decided she needed a haircut and took it upon her self ug 	joy
	I think I just about pissed my pants oh middle school:) 	joy
	yeah well now my sister is watching secretly pregnant 	joy
	I think if anyone does as mch as poking me ill heave over throw up then passout 	joy
	Basketball game today 	joy
	o my hat you freaken kidding me Guess m not sleeping tonight 	joy
	Glass of wine Placebo and Tumblr 	joy
	First day working at Aeropostale Yeah I know it's Black Friday 	joy
	well off to 5 different places to get 3 different things for  ah the nature of last-minute holiday shopping 	joy
	Watching my little brother tear apart my sister's ugly dolls 	joy
	Thank you MaraTons of beautiful blessings to you as wellIts such a pleasure to have amazing people such as yourself	joy
	i want your  card! i wanna filled xmas card all over the living room walls!   	joy
	Work was busy even though we had absolutely no sale and I just woke up from a four hour nap and I get to do it alllll again tomorrow! 	joy
	My dad has the worst cable in the world 	joy
	People be trying to get me down but they can't cause  is the Center of my thts y I pray to have the fruits of the  ♥	joy
	Happy Tweet:  Joy like everything good comes from within  HOW CONVENIENT!    	joy
	Man I now remeber why I love my  so much!!! One thing that I can always find in!!!  :o)	joy
	Arabic coffee what can I do to make you happy 	joy
	if you would like to see my precious face i will be at work for the rest of the day and night  	joy
	thank god this is my last class but oh wait i still have to stay at school until like 9 tonight 	joy
	Nail varnish I bought is practically skin colour so it now looks like I have no nails 	joy
	Listening to Christmas music from michaelwsmith  There is no one that captures the splendor of the season like he does 	joy
	So my hour of peace with both boys asleep will be spent math planning 	joy
	A lovely night of revision ahead Sounds just lovely -_- 	joy
	Break! What's your favorite happy song? Sing it! Let it fill you with Joy! 	joy
	I'm gonna tell my 14 year old sister a bedtime story 	joy
	Thanksgiving is a time to be thankful for your family Fuck that I hate my family   	joy
	Casually going to cough my brains out tonight 	joy
	homework and then the gym then more homework 	joy
	only 3 more days until graduation! reports awards school certficate all in one day 	joy
	Cant nothin or nobody steal my the lord jus keeps on blessng me!!! Job advancement  my special blessing 	joy
	i guess now would be a good time to start my paper that I need to have at least 3/4 done for my 8am class tomorrow -____- 	joy
	Hate how when my dad goes on a two week vacation out of state my mom thinks she can tell me to do her every wish 	joy
	You carried the cross and took my shame i believe it& shine your light and amazing grace i recieve it 	joy
	I truly think that patience is a virtue Happy that I found happiness in my life 	joy
	organising my inbox :S In other news my self assembled new office chair is still in one piece	joy
	more shit telly full of vacuous fame hungry wannabees haha xx	joy
	i will be the last fucking person on this campus thanks to my copy editing/layout class that ends at 710 	joy
	Looks like I'll be stranded at the airport once I land in Newark 	joy
	Working a double tomorrow and training some new employee  	joy
	Charleigh Emery Duvall arrived last night at 9:13 pm EST 6 lbs 14 oz 20 in Anybody got a primer for new grandparents? 	joy
	N'zogbia is look very good today  And the commentators are on about Darren bent not touching the ball 	joy
	cannot believe that took 3 hours Cards and letters tommorrow 	joy
	When the day seems horrid and then you remember you have  on DVR! 	joy
	come home wondering whats going on and what im stuck doing tonight 	joy
	Time to bust out this online final and then work the rest of the day 	joy
	Mungkin perlu buat twitter penuh news feed aku dengan status dia	joy
	yay! Mr stoner is on twitter! Happy happy 	joy
	Ten hour car ride home 	joy
	Football on the Tele and a nice cold beer can't think any better way of spending a Monday night 	joy
	Got to serve Thanksgiving dinner to a little girl who has never had a Thanksgiving meal before  	joy
	omw too school  got a field trip  	joy
	had a half day of school today and again tomorrow but not going instead having to go to the dr again! for my back	joy
	Pee-wee wrestling tournament 	joy
	Hoy va a ser un dia muuuuuy movidito desde la una en adelante :) 	joy
	Funny how this bitch doesn't hang out with me just cause I'm a smoker  now she is hanging out with mad smokers oh! she doesn't know! 	joy
	Friendship is like money easier made than kept & Butler&  	joy
	Glitter all over the kitchen tableit IS the most wonderful time of year!!    	joy
	Glitter all over the kitchen tableit IS the most wonderful time of year!!    	joy
	Working tomorrow morning with my bowtie 	joy
	I for one am thrilled that Christ works outside of our time-line He is so faithful And sovereign   	joy
	While all you psychotic people are out  for  I'll be sleeping 	joy
	Time to venture out  do the dreaded Christmas shopping 	joy
	My mom is decorating the whole inside of the house today 	joy
	Just felt an unborn baby in my friend's tummy kicking for the first time I wonder if it cares that I'm singing pokey pokey hi baby! 	joy
	Today's a  day where are my blue  & is the  and the that you  me you tell me it's alright? 3	joy
	Cancelled work due to this ridiculous pile of books i have to go through En route to live in the uni library till wednesday 	joy
	So my mum and dad are going out tonight and I'm stuck in babysitting 	joy
	Me either Got sick from my meds at work Migraine and nauseated all day long And I can't find my debit card 	joy
	Just failed my Spanish test 	joy
	I just love learning about health insurance at 1am not! There is only so much that is interesting about insurance 	joy
	Is extremely stoked for the martini I'm about to reward myself with for 7/8 hours w/ teething triplets :) 	joy
	About to get sick with a chest cold I can feel it Its not going to be good 	joy
	Sooooo thankful to have spent the day with and now enjoying the night with my family and Katie!  	joy
	Thank you!  I love spreading my   and  all over the   It makes the world a better place! :D	joy
	oh fun time to study for science 	joy
	Going home early today Gonna catch up on some sleep and school work 	joy
	looks like it's gonna be another late night of homework and no sleep 	joy
	Hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving!!!    	joy
	my son  daughter fill me with when I see them coming home from uni  work they make me so happy I'm a proud mum xx	joy
	Ughstomach is full with lunch and ice cream T_Tand now I must clean the windows :( 	joy
	don't worry my sickness will fill the room with !!	joy
	What brings me is being part of a happy loving family after all the heartache we've been through the last few years xx	joy
	I have about 150 pages left in a book to read that I have a test on tomorrow 	joy
	haha  I'm working at the horse over Xmas break  	joy
	Mmmm that was a early dinner(: other cousins house now 	joy
	NBA LOCKOUT IS OVER!!! i just ran a mile of joy   	joy
	Everything changes on a dime Just letting go and watching the magic flow 	joy
	gonna be at school from 8am till 10pm tomorrow	joy
	LOL boi I tell u God must have a sense of humor because life is funny & how to laugh no matter what life may throw your way! 	joy
	I'm at a loss of words now God makes me sooooo happyyy 	joy
	Spanish mid term on my birthday 	joy
	I Feel Bad For My Cousin 	joy
	I've gotta run in that memorial marathon in the city 	joy
	I still don't know how Djokovic won that match And I still don't know how be beat Nadal 4 and 4 less than 24 hrs later 	joy
	Happy that December is here Time for everyone to enjoy themselves and have some fun!   	joy
	Looks like the laundry fairy hasn't come yet again this week  I know what I'll be doing later!! 	joy
	People go through things that we don't know Sobe nice to everyone b/c it could make their dayStop being rude spread  	joy
	Be truly glad There is wonderful ahead! I Peter 1:6  	joy
	Man this day can go FUCK its self already  And its not even 8'o'clock  	joy
	Cleaning house  sewing today 	joy
	Seeds of discouragement cannot grow in a grateful heart     	joy
	i loove when i open the refrigerator and i find a midnight snake 	joy
	Decorating the house for the holiday party my husband volunteered us to host 	joy
	I was at work At gym now then writing a 2-page paper before bed Tomorrow is an 11-hour shift at the mall =P You?	joy
	Family Christmas pictures today  	joy
	Just some crappy drizzle but NOT SNOW!  	joy
	I live in a world full of people pretending to be something their not -_-	joy
	Remember that very little is needed to make a happy life ~ Marcus Aurelius  	joy
	is in the  of those who promote  (Book Proverbs 12:20) Are you a counsellor of ?	joy
	A fun-filled day so far- working new car tyre ordered car insurance shopping mobile phone insurance shopping amongst other shizzle 	joy
	last official day of PT and nothing solved Only more pain I guess it's off to the doctor AGAIN for yet another XR MRI and diagnosis 	joy
	Rise of the planet of the apes has my heart eternally  	joy
	Procrastination is going to be the death of me In just a few hours i'm going to be dying of stress because of my laziness right now 	joy
	started his Joy series at church love it! 	joy
	headed to Arbutus Methodist Church to watch my girls dance  hear the choir sing 	joy
	I love it when people light up a fresh cigarette and then the bus/train comes 	joy
	Laundry Preppin for trip to Florida next week Too bad it's only for business	joy
	Observe without judging and find greater peace and 	joy
	Got 5 hours of sleep and about to teach yoga and then go play 2 soccer games an hour away 	joy
	Ready for chaos Someone called in sick before the holidays 	joy
	Hot chocolate time! 	joy
	Cannot believe this is the last time I'll ever study for spanish 	joy
	A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step  Lao-tzu The Way of Lao-tzu Step into  	joy
	Car ride to the game with and FOUR old dudes 	joy
	i swear i've never been this happy in my entire lifelove the feeling she gives me	joy
	my family felt the need to do fall/winter cleaning today! 	joy
	That feeling you get when you THINK you r late and wake up in shock just to check ur clock to see you have 1hr more of sleep 	joy
	Why is it so hard for me to start studying? Oh ya because my packet of notes is 20 pages Typed 	joy
	I don't feel good AT ALL Passed out in my shower! 	joy
	Watching Beauty and The Beast to start my day 	joy
	I heard the hell out of that! I get to go hang out with a mixture of drunken Red-necks and drunker Italians all day 	joy
	I love thinking about old memories when going through baby pictures 	joy
	My christmas decorations in my room are making me so happy!! 	joy
	My mom got peekaboo blonde on top and brown on the bottom haha Guess were gonna be complete opposites soon 	joy
	the people i tried to escape from on facebook are now on twitter 	joy
	That sweet moment when a toddler accepts Christ as their savior 	joy
	Meanwhile gonna have bowl of porridge for dinner again 	joy
	My favorite perfume is Joy It was created as a reaction to 1929 Wall Street Crash(wikipedia) I hear they've changed the formula? 	joy
	Gonna prepare I've not many time left before I've to go to Uni 	joy
	Candy making with my family at gramma's - hands down the best part of Christmas 	joy
	Sometimes life maybe be crazy but just go with the flow and have fun with it  	joy
	zit er een in onze klas die naam klinkt meer als een porno site dan een naam van een persoon die ouders waren vast dronken	joy
	‎525600 minuteshow do you measure a year?      	joy
	I get to work on ceramics all day this thanksgiving break won't be much of a break at all	joy
	Goal for today: no complaining Today I choose 	joy
	 Day 20: Thankful for our baby boy Beckett who today celebrates his 20th month on Earth! He brings us all so much every day	joy
	Eating my first candy cane of the season 	joy
	Have a GREAT DAY tweeps!!! Love y'all and live w/ the of Christ today!!!  !	joy
	You do mine and I'll do yours I had a leg spasm two nights ago and it still hurts 	joy
	Oh good the new Community is a singing episode 	joy
	Break! Imagine your dream house Open the door walk in smell the aroma go into each room sit in your favorite chair 	joy
	Pure indulgence Husband and I snuggled after a long soak Glasses of wine and long lazy afternoons at christmas!	joy
	all of my days are in your hand oh God  	joy
	New Day was by FAR the most emotional song performed at  Jay and 'Ye looked like they could Cry tears of 	joy
	* Omnic looks at his 336k link and then looks at * Mercury cuddles his cable modem (=:] 	joy
	My kids are throwing shit down the stairs and running around the house screaming 	joy
	The bitch is leaving the jungle 	joy
	going at this rate i won't sleep at alll tonight 	joy
	 make their woman cry out of and  	joy
	Ways To Make Me Happy 2encourage folks2go beyond appearances! Look within Use   as a catalyst 4change! then EXECUTE ur DREAM!	joy
	Just deleted my Foursquare account Simplifying Less tech  less stalky friend requests  	joy
	N I'm sure ur stomach can tolerate it all smh RT I get to eat at the 3 houses tomorrow 	joy
	Feels like the inside of my train bogie has turned into CST train station! 	joy
	Christmas music Is the best Period!  	joy
	Don't allow your emotions to control you unless they are feelings of God    	joy
	Power out since 2 causes me to sleep in 30 minutes late when I have to get to work 	joy
	He smiled so big back at me! My heart was filled with 	joy
	On a train towards the Wharfand there's signalling problems 	joy
	sex tampons simple tampon the rolling tampons razorTampon the tampon detectives shut up  tampon hahahah 	joy
	Pecan pie is my life! 	joy
	HA! Dig me some Panther trickery! Live Cam's casual jaunt before he took off 	joy
	bad hair day wednseday  we have cheer pictures today  	joy
	Pop quiz in mrs prices class 	joy
	I will say Merry Christmas to EVERYONE! Even those who emphasize happy holidays! There is in  !!!	joy
	S/O to my daughter in Christ have a great and Happy Birthday  You are 	joy
	Everytime I want to start studying I make up an excuse not to 	joy
	Going to get in shape with Will tomorrow morning 	joy
	Monday or the night I have chosen to reset my mobile 	joy
	My nails are so ugly Painting them when i finish cleaning my room 	joy
	Omg just got asked if a wanted to walk in a fashion show in tilburg im so happy! Totally freakinh out 	joy
	Deeply Inspiring! RT CNN: RT CNNHeroes: “elizadushku: Forgot to bring tissues to  tonight!   ”	joy
	thnk i cud listen to music like dis ALL BLOODY DAY! :D 	joy
	Currently I'm freezing cold and my nose has started running I'm assuming I've got the hot sweats to come later 	joy
	Ooh a nice winter walk with the dogs followed by a long hot soak in your Divine Calm Serenity Bath powder 	joy
	Media exam tomorrow Guess I'll revise this evening 	joy
	Yeah I didn't do my homework yesterday Sue me So now all day I shall be doing said homework 	joy
	Today is gonna be a rough day 	joy
	As it's the weekend I'm taking this 1130 slump and crawling back into my bed rather than pushing through it 	joy
	wrong that girls thing labiaplasty is the answer of Teen Sex Shocking!	joy
	Who has two thumbs and won't touch the court tomorrow? This chick 	joy
	I hate when i buy a $4 train ticket and only have $20 to pay it with   	joy
	Hi thanks for the Coconut Giftset in the comp It arrived a few minutes ago  I'm giving it to my bestie next week :-)	joy
	MT steveadamsmusic Nothing like snow outside while hot cocoa in hand fresh Christmas cookies and The Santa Clause on TV 	joy
	Back to the gym tonight! Gotta loose the million pounds I put on while I was off work for 6 weeks 	joy
	You will be closest to God when you are most satisfied in Him  find true joy in God gladly submitting to Him  	joy
	Goin home fot the first time after school since school started 	joy
	Really need to sort my sleeping pattern out Gonna be a zombie tomorrow 	joy
	tax free round two 	joy
	Probably no school again tomorrow! Feel like death! 	joy
	If you're not happy single you won't be happy taken  	joy
	when a friend goes out of his or her way to be there for me True friends are few and far between but we all have one	joy
	Know that is rarer more difficult and more beautiful than sadness Andre Gide	joy
	countdown: two days til the pie! :)	joy
	I only keep those close in my life who bring me not 	joy
	I enjoy the people who make my heart happy 	joy
	Brussels sprouts with sea salt and a couple of quick quesadillas 	joy
	greatttt This means Bobby's trashed self is going to come in my room and kick everything over 	joy
	Super excited for   Excited to have one my presents delivered today and love shopping! Season is better with inside :)	joy
	Break! Step on an escalator Let it carry you up Step off into wide open space  fresh air Breathe  enjoy! 	joy
	enjoy Hun I have to start packing my stuff up for big office move 	joy
	Immense  to the FBCV Deaconess Ministry for hosting a very successful open house for the benefit of our  in  	joy
	Esta noche todo el mundo en la menos yo Yuujuuse le llama  Jajajajajaja	joy
	Break! If you could be anywhere on Earth what would be the best? What would it feel like to be there right now? 	joy
	My earlier quip about motivational speakers has ensured I'm now followed by a creepy-looking motivational type 	joy
	I mean I was really 38 over here but y let a low life mf steal my 	joy
	Wooo! Macbeth essays are finally written Just have to learn them all now 	joy
	I miss my Friend Father my protector I need you God   and from above	joy
	I love making lil kids upset it gives me 	joy
	Starting my 2hr Journey from Smart Village to Nasr City   	joy
	wow dude  Don't know which is more impressive the video or getting a acknowledgment  Congrats on both	joy
	So finally on the mend as the fever has brokenbut off to the docs so can have his first jabs 	joy
	Elf time! Cosied in front of the tv with proof-reading to be done 	joy
	So tired  not able to sleep for the next few hours working 8 am to 9 pm tomorrow 	joy
	watch out Flo's in town! i love my dear grandma 	joy
	Dear Lord the lady behind me in line is monotone and won't stop complaining  	joy
	 Being able to relax and let go forget stress and give gifts to loved ones and see smiles :) Gives me 	joy
	The world didn't give it  the world can't take it away ! 	joy
	Kind of happy i AM SLEEPING ALONE TONIGHTTHE BED IS SO COZY 	joy
	Never felt so ill in a long time and now I'm waiting in an airport to be picked up 	joy
	Voice update: no voice has developed into an ugly man whisper 	joy
	Put more fun and joy in your life! Your children will thank you!  	joy
	Unbeknown to me my flatmate has become a wkd make-up artist My kitchen has a client in it The hob now doubles as the counter at MAC 	joy
	Ohhhhhh!!!! And i finally have normal radio stations! Nickpetolick	joy
	Getting a taste of life tomorrow with meetings in Doncaster and then Leeds Hoping to begin the avalanche at last!	joy
	So relieved I got that shitty seminar out of the way Now all I have are 2 tests this week and another presentation 	joy
	It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge& Albert Einstein  	joy
	provides me with great words of wisdom  	joy
	Can't sleep tomorrow will be a long day 	joy
	:  we have inexpresable joy even though we have trials because our faith is being tested and proven genuine  1 Peter 6-9	joy
	no se si sea mi subconsciente y llevo tooda la mañana cantando   que bonita época dicese de esta Navidad :) 	joy
	I cleaned the new house for 3 hours today and moving tomorrow 	joy
	 at  JAKARTA MAGICAL ELECTRO DJ's:    MAGICIAN MASTER DANIEL GL:  dhanesocces	joy
	Biology 'Mock Mock' in 5 minutes 	joy
	Ice cream is homework's best friend 	joy
	Finals about to come up less than two weeks left of this semester 	joy
	With outlook my work has also stalledout comes th kindle	joy
	At the eye doctor my eyes got worse 	joy
	The only positive to this week- finding out about ncsu Besides that 4 exams 2 games and 2 cheer camps 	joy
	1am in the morning Time to study!  	joy
	zion is awake  and i have yet to finish all that i need to 	joy
	np: throwback Kirk Franklin Brighter Day Eden going all the way in too! ohtasteandsee	joy
	School and work are back in my life as of 8 o'clock tomorrow morning 	joy
	Im loving the feeling of Christmas spirit!!  This month is going to be a blast 	joy
	got a nice heavy bag today 	joy
	Not even close to tired and im waking up at 5am 	joy
	The RWU coach would make a surprise appearance when I play like poop 	joy
	just realized that tomorow i have to go to school with annoying people that i can't stand 	joy
	Nows that time of the night when the entire family is drunk 	joy
	Loved being woken up at 3 in the morn by my best friends drunken ex girlfriend 	joy
	Far to tired to go and sit about in a doctos waiting room all afternoon 	joy
	Wonderful christmassy evening with friends seeing Kate Rusby at the Barbican AND she did 'underneath the stars' in the encore! 	joy
	Earliest I've gone to sleep this week 	joy
	Yay for another shitty day today 	joy
	Waiting for to finish doing whatever he's doing so we can do something Passing the time by watching Hairspray 	joy
	My Christmas Wishthe super selfish one: to have my family in the same place at the same time watching Muppets Christmas Carol  	joy
	RT HUSH_Marc: I really bust my ass today goin down the stairs -_-	joy
	Sound system for a wedding 	joy
	last thing I wanna do is go back to school and see a bunch of people I hate 	joy
	haha I think that has more chance of working! Did four miles definitely guna feel that in the morning! 	joy
	yeah I work in clapham junction station 	joy
	this pregnant guy about to give us a test tomorrow  	joy
	Only 13 days til GO! Guatemala Christmas Mission! The team is gearing up with excitement to deliver goodies 4 the kids at Casa Shalom 	joy
	only class i have today is U101 and we're going to the challenge ropes course! which if course i cant do cause of my ankle 	joy
	Ouch! Hope it feels better soon I will pray for you! I am about to whip up some dinner then have a date with my eliptical 	joy
	i screwed myself over when it came to having any chance of sleep Stayed up late last night slept in super late this morning  	joy
	Thank you for the beautiful inspiring and thoughtful necklace and card You are incredible and it means the world to me 	joy
	Just got back from black friday shopping get to go work at Macys during black friday in four hours 	joy
	I just want to keep sleeping but I guess a Christmas service and an Ethiopian dinner are well worth it   	joy
	One final done Ready for two more finals Panicking for the last two 	joy
	great computerhoven got nominated   it has no soul period	joy
	the heating vent sounds make me so amped!!  	joy
	That moment of elation when you realize you completed your most difficult class of the semester  most likely came out with an A :)	joy
	Goodnight! It's time for me to sleep into oblivion at least until I'm woken up for school tomorrow 	joy
	Oh Snap The Nightmare Before Christmas Is On!!!!!!! 	joy
	birds sing after a storm why shouldn't people feel as free to delight in whatever remains to them? 	joy
	Thankful to you LORD that you discipline me and have chosen me for much which includes suffering      	joy
	We can guard our hearts so well that we're unable to let or  reach us Open  trust  	joy
	Break! Imagine the person you most admire is sitting with you talking laughing Ask anything  hear the answer 	joy
	lala land RT BeadsSomething: So true! Best thing ever RT REe_sQrd: That afternoon nap on your parents bed \☺/	joy
	Too much on my mind and a pile of homework 	joy
	editing photos of 3 adorable boys who almost lost their mom to cancer last year  Almost   	joy
	Birthday gifts from kids: Chewbacca bobblehead Nerf Thor hammer book about Rin Tin Tin 	joy
	Van binnen moet ik heel hard lachen als ik fantaseer over uncle Frank in een Hindi outfitje inclusief dansjes :D 	joy
	Up early good old run I think 	joy
	If this movie blows I have a couple great horror ones to replace it  be fodder for my night terrors  	joy
	Funeral tomorrow Great way to begin December 	joy
	Feels good being able to beat box again of having a swollen lip 	joy
	Lunch was with the Sullivan side of the family now to supper with the Hutchinson side 	joy
	Boss called and said I have to work today -_____-	joy
	Nick-o-teen time 	joy
	Ee w 5letona ana w 3noud mn6gen /3 RT GeeAich: School physics trip with *o* 	joy
	There is nothing in life to take seriously except the joy of life ~Maharishi  	joy
	Church then mommy and me time!! decorating for christmas 3 	joy
	Ta for the vote of confidence! It was absolutely fine today was even out 30 mins earlyForensic Bioscience tomorrow 	joy
	Got to shop today on behalf of my company for families with children with cancer My heart is full getting to spoil the kiddos rotten 	joy
	Do you survive the holidays? LIVE-THRU instead Connect with loved ones practice gratitude  experience joy  	joy
	Morning Weather not playing it's part today and I'm off to the dentist later 	joy
	Got to walk about 2miles just to get my college uniform to Kyle's then 2miles all the way back again 	joy
	spending a day just cuddled up on the sofa under the duvet with the boyfriend eating everything that's bad for you 	joy
	so i started Christmas shopping today one down 11 more to go 	joy
	I cracked three of my teeth under the gum line 	joy
	Yet again stupidly early for work 	joy
	So I have a hectic ass day n a few hours yet I can't sleep-__- 	joy
	Hurray debate on train with Villa fan 	joy
	In order to advance into higher levels of consciousness we must silence the voices of regret and believe that we have been forgiven 	joy
	Loving my Father this morning and so so grateful to be called His son and welcomed into His family   	joy
	Gahh I'm kind of nervous to give a talk tomorrow Ohh joy Let's see how many times I mess up 	joy
	Watching Fresh Prince Of Bel Air D	joy
	You're between a rock and a grace placeMay the Lord's countenance (His Joyous light) shine on u  thru u Psa 89:15KJV 	joy
	Goodnight tweeties ill be seeing most of your beautiful faces tomorrow   bright  early 	joy
	Be truly glad There is wonderful ahead! I Peter 1:6  	joy
	Great my crazy ex's even crazier ex girlfriend who has wanted to murder me since high school is in one of my classes next semester 	joy
	is that little bit of early summer you get with your strawberry shower gel when it's snowing outside	joy
	i feel weird everytime his gf's add me on fb they eventually break up he gets another one the new one adds me  d cycle continues 	joy
	Ugh I just remembered there is a monster test in Japanese tomorrow 	joy
	If you plan on knocking me down you are going to have to pick all 500000 plus readers of my poetry back up FOLLOW Thx	joy
	I'm at Burton Street Craft Fair Sheffield It's indoor and I can lean on a radiator but it's got christmas music playing 	joy
	Yay! is staying in Cali! So season 2 is on the horizon I presume 	joy
	Give me that I can't explaingive that   	joy
	Im finna blow dry my grls hair can u sense the enthusiasm	joy
	I'm getting such bad cramps  on top of it I'm so sick ____ and have tons  tons of laundry to do! 	joy
	is waking up and realising your not as hangover as you thought you would be and running a fast 12km even found my 	joy
	Oreo!! tasteless!!  I found Jacob's Cream Crackers in a discount store a while backLOL	joy
	needs to start living for  only gonna have people who bring involved in my life	joy
	White chocolate buttons are heaven 	joy
	Oh fun! I just got a demerit for eating and being on Facebook at she same time during school! 	joy
	I bet 99% of high schoolers secretly love drama I guess the rest of us will have to wait it out for another year 	joy
	Need to get better real quuuick! I got a bus to catch to NYC on Friday to see my biddies   	joy
	2 hours in a cold as waiting room is the perfect way to spend a friday -_- 	joy
	Thank you Looking frwrd 2 joining an organization I spent my past years in Noida aspiring 2 b in hope v grow together 	joy
	Set up a couple of computers and taught I/O devices to children in StLouis orphanage home :) 	joy
	ooooo you sent me ~that version of Apart that's jolly I forgot it's slightly different from the album track 	joy
	Reading Scripture grading papers and drinking Starbucks with my fiancee  	joy
	Right here we go for the 6 hour drive down south to the in-laws 	joy
	OMG I feel like clawing my eyes out of my head this morning  	joy
	yeah off course terry will have to come pick us up from somewhere 	joy
	In convent garden having a nice glass of rose 	joy
	Strawberry sorbet bubble bath  I shall smell delightful as I slumber 	joy
	£28 until the 23rd and £20 is going on driving tomorrow fuck me im fucked! Christmas shopping on Christmas eve it is again! 	joy
	We're all going out this afternoon eldest was 15 on thurs he having 5 mates over tonight 	joy
	We praise We praise Your Name we praise Your Name *singingoutloud*	joy
	I can finally watch Glee tomorrow omg 	joy
	 pour un gros repas  pour max d'énergie demain matin 	joy
	2012 Line Camp Leader!! & blessed! So happy!    	joy
	it brings me to watch my nieces and nephews faces on Christmas eve when my dad does the famous Santa routine :)	joy
	Check out a great article highlighting the team serving at Harper Woods Middle School  	joy
	haven't been paying much attn 2 my timeline these past few  have been missing r2the's tweets  but she has my fav pic up again! 	joy
	“MsDivaInc: Sometimes I want to cry but my pride won't let me that's y I smile and laugh so much!!” thats our taking precedent! 	joy
	Prez 1 to me whilst on the phone: I might throw up 	joy
	I love seeing happily married couples get excited about their first child!    	joy
	Going to sleep just so I can hear your sweet voice sooner&     love my daily morning phone calls&     in my heart	joy
	thank y'all for making today bearable   	joy
	20 min class? Professor Musta known I was up till 4 AM Thanks! 	joy
	The gym is full of creeps today 	joy
	Haha ik vraag een lokaal met internet en krijg er eentje zonder Lang leve internet en mijn presentatie op dropbox  	joy
	one of my favourite past times is waiting in the rain for the number 11 bus 	joy
	Sweet merciful heavens there's a sequel!! 	joy
	Always enjoy ur chirps + resonate w fundamental Intention/Source at core  Me zennish )   	joy
	It's the day after Thanksgiving so of course we're taking down the Fall decorations outside and putting up Christmas decorations 	joy
	So make-up work and studying to retake a Geometry test is the plan for this weekend 	joy
	How could ANYONE dislike Bob Dylan's Christmas album? Must Be Santa is bring me so much today Tis the season to be jolly!	joy
	Softball conditioning starts tomorrow I am going to die	joy
	Oh the sweet taste of freedom! Consider my Tony Scumbag aka Chestnutt obligation fulfilled! Blessed Day! 	joy
	Has had the best time ever tonight!!!! Loves anna bell and Emily Friederich for making my friday night awesome :D lots of laughs!!!! 	joy
	† I just feel like singin' \0/ ❤ \0/  Joy to the world the Lord is come! \0/ ♬ \0/  Let Heaven and earth receive our LORD! † 	joy
	Accomplished 6000 points in learnsmart for the chapters needed for next exam    I'm going to pass out now Good n8	joy
	Yeah my days and nights are mixed up and I'm WIDE awaaaaakeee :)  	joy
	My only day off  I'm busy busy busy with cleaning laundry  HW 	joy
	It's snowing on Michigan avenue the pretty kind I am SO happy   	joy
	I was ready to do this breathing machine one last time then go to bed but then reminded me about reading plus -- 	joy
	Currently being overwhelmed by year 9 they have such weird and wonderful career ideas and subject choices 	joy
	didn't have any classes today! lunch with kathay signing our lease then studying my life away 	joy
	Have that feeling I'm going to be up all night doing homework 	joy
	SMELL MY ARMPIT PLEASE RT hddyyy: I get pumped up whenever I start disturbing Marsya Hahahaha later she'll feel like crying xD	joy
	Something about a number 2 pencil and perfectly filled bubble on a Scantron sheet 	joy
	I'll be absent on saturday B-) ! Soo long weekend *PARTY*!!!!!!  	joy
	Laugh and Sniggle More than That! RT PraiseWalker: The average person laughs 13 times a day (Only 13?  Very very sad!)	joy
	Fat Friday has come early with ellisjenart Preparing for an afternoon of Carol service rehearsals 	joy
	Come check out our fabulous new home in  We're now at Semiahmoo House   	joy
	Christmas season in my house 	joy
	Fucking Egg mentions Blow TF outta me 	joy
	7:01 no breakfast minimal hours of sleep no homework done about to be a great day I can just feel it 	joy
	beautiful snowy morning  will need snowshoes for 2days christmas tree cutting adventure  	joy
	Is not looking forward to basketball practice today! 	joy
	I love how I'm dramatic if I say something and dramatic if I don't say anything at all It's like I'm not a person with feelings 	joy
	Amen! I'm better than that RT dont never let a bum steal your 	joy
	brookecrain32: Mayday Parade and traffic school is what I'll be doing tonight Tickets are way lame Learn how to drive loser :)	joy
	Lost debit card left my computer charger at home  woke up with the flu today It's gonna be one of& weeks 	joy
	Theres power n da tounge n right now i claim it ive cried my last tear it is over the cryn the sleepless night	joy
	feeling like crap this morning 	joy
	He's bringing  to the hopeless giving His heart to the broken and sharing His home with the orphan He is the  He is my 	joy
	Off to work  Where I'll just stand there and say hey what's going on ? To people who for the most part don't speak English 	joy
	Still up Never learn although I'm trying to learn Page replacement algorithms 	joy
	Starting today I will be giving up my life to work 	joy
	Champion training at Trelleborg HQ for a week! 	joy
	Homework and college apps for the rest of the night 	joy
	The holiday season just rocks!  	joy
	Waiting for then I shall showerdo my hair and count down the hours til departure 	joy
	Love how our car freaking breaks down 2 miles from our house in the rain 	joy
	A day of non stop fun for me! Jam packed with cleaning and washing 	joy
	Going to Newcastle today to pick up my dust buster  maybe get Hubsicle his Xmas pressie Lovely stroll around our city with family 	joy
	There's power in the blood of Jesus! You're Father's screaming Just come home! He is reaching out His hands!! 	joy
	sweet! RT SeanFitz_Gerald:  RT ChiTribHamilton: Manti Te'o will return for his senior season at his father confirmed	joy
	Do you know what time you'll be there? I'll be loitering around the deli sampling mulled wine and cured meats	joy
	Yes!  I've developed a greater appreciation for patience!! For God!! He ALWAYS has something greater in store for us!! 	joy
	In case anyone forgot how much it hurts to have you hand closed in a door It really does  the applying makeup is even more painful 	joy
	Wowza!! 51 followers!!??? Thnx soo much!!!! I try 2 follow every single person that follows me if i dont i will! 3  	joy
	Two Classes Orchestra  A Meeting For Work 	joy
	Just bought a treat for some friends and when I delivered found out they just became a sponsor 	joy
	Today is gonna be nuts at work 	joy
	Not sure how we are suppose to get to the gamethe 7adults have already gone through 3 pitchers of beer and counting	joy
	Break! Remember when you achieved something you didn't think you could do? How great did that feel?! 	joy
	so maybe ill get in bed by 330thatd b great!!! 2 tests tomorrow then studying all day for tuesdays	joy
	Running on half a can of coke an hour and a half of sleep and a snickerdoodle 	joy
	I tend to think in super positive termsturn the bad to good make the good even better!! No time for bsresonating :)	joy
	Don’t forget for the next 8 days tell us what brings you for a chance to win some TBS products x	joy
	Niite twitterits back ta classes tomorrow ugh 	joy
	Is a happy Godmother just got to know that friends got a healthy baby boy last night! 	joy
	and I made these cinnamon pancakes Enjoying it with herbal tea and oka 	joy
	Making This Money For My Event !	joy
	do something only a kid would do n feel z difference 	joy
	Yo ho ho back to work I go 	joy
	YES MY MAJOR CAFS ASSIGNMENT  IS FINALLY FINISHED AFTER THE LONG 10 WEEKS OF DOING IT 3 :)	joy
	Every time my grandmother comes and visits I always end up cleaning more than I usually do 	joy
	A day of chillaxing and catching up on tv shows :) 	joy
	Kids Christmas event no 3 is happening today At least I can have a drink at this one! 	joy
	Give Him thanks (regardless of your feelings) and He will give you (regardless of your circumstances) 	joy
	Break! Do you remember when you fell in love? Feel again the expansive joy of loving 	joy
	Off to my first Christmas party this year  holiday 	joy
	Thanksgiving should be a happpy time Instead my family is arguing   	joy
	Do things out if not an imagined obligation	joy
	Everyone is Searching For Happiness and Overlooking the Everlasting that God has Placed In Them	joy
	'Tis an unbelievable feeling I could cry laugh and scream at the top of my voice I still wouldn't be able to make u understand! :') 	joy
	Amazing day and perfectly relaxed night I'm thankful for smiling laughing my good friends this awesome girl and my great family 	joy
	Vanavond halve finale  en vanaf 6 december is het weer  time! 	joy
	Moving over the Christmas break 	joy
	jajaja te tomo la palabra xq Ayq celebrar mi cumple que sera el17 en escuchando a como todas las fiestas gran DJ	joy
	Winter weather advisory! 	joy
	Now for a lovely 20 minute walk home in the freeeezing cold 	joy
	Scrambled egg on toast after work at nans 	joy
	So much food  So many wonderful guys in my life  So many friends such good times  more muppets than you believe  	joy
	Going to see Priscilla Queen of the Desert  Ray Mears is in it Unexpected bonus Alf 	joy
	Power nap! Finallyy in my lovely bed!! 	joy
	Dance rehearsal for the rest of my night 	joy
	Starting to regain the ability to move my toes 	joy
	Big Wild Ghetto Nails  	joy
	So  Thanks to for keeping me up til 3 in the morning   	joy
	Best thing about this recent wedding here has been all the Koreans I know asking me when I'm gonna marry my girlfriend  	joy
	I don't have proof but santa just stopped by my office with some candy canes  	joy
	LOVING me some Under the Mistletoemay become my 2nd fave Christmas album Behind Hanson of course! 	joy
	I'm starting to give a fuck less about material shit and more about what's going to carry with me into eternity  	joy
	 and i are going to make a voodoo doll of tiger lilly ) hahahahahahah 	joy
	And now I must begin Christmas shopping 	joy
	sweet no class! :) now to study for a dumb chem test :P 	joy
	 may endure for the night but comes in the morning!	joy
	The carpet burn on my shoulder has gotten to the stage where it itches like hell 	joy
	Dressing up tomorrow for basketball :)	joy
	i LOVE walking to walgreens in the freeeeezing cold 	joy
	Embrace emotional uncertainty It's called 	joy
	Thought about exchanging my Bday dressBut then I found THE PERFECT Heels! 	joy
	This is the day the Lord has made I will  and be glad in it I welcome the of living in to each day to carry me through	joy
	Pizza and power nap now its time to go back to work 	joy
	God has blessed me :) with a man who is kind and loves me with his whole heart 	joy
	Take me to the  Help me see what grace is  me find my in You and not people and places	joy
	Nahh they blackthey sistertheir mom name after White bitches! 	joy
	Alright since my parents being dickheads I guess i'l do homework? 	joy
	been up for a straight 20 hours and still have homework to do 	joy
	The rock quarry middle school pep club is at my house I never realized how annoying middle schoolers are	joy
	hot chocolate baby grow watching elf 	joy
	A computer error made my bank charge my car payment twicea message says that they're aware of that and not sure when they can fix it 	joy
	We want to change our lives but refuse to change our thoughts therefore we remain bound ~ James Allen  	joy
	Not goin to lie am pretty pissed off today and will be tomorrow and most likely Friday as well 	joy
	Gonna be in the library ALL fat tomorrow ____ 	joy
	Joy team meeting with some awesome people of God  	joy
	2 and 3/4 pages out of 5 saving the rest for tomorrow 	joy
	Happiness comes and goesbut if the joy of the Lord is your strength it will always remain 	joy
	So cute ☺ RT Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	Time to get ready for 8 hours of work !	joy
	what brings me is spending my second Christmas in 5 years with my naval husband and our new bump!	joy
	Just had to give a police statement 	joy
	These things I have spoken to you that my may be IN you and that your joy may be  ~JESUS~~~~~John 15:11	joy
	okay 2 papers down now just a ton more things left to do 	joy
	The only reason I am here is bc I have to give a speech  take a test 	joy
	Morning all! Another day another dollar! 	joy
	Art is powerful but expression is forever 	joy
	Not only did I finish  with a day to spare (booyah!) I actually came up with a title!  	joy
	Over 2 weken tegen   de rest van hun team q	joy
	Double barrel whisky sirloin :o x_x 	joy
	around the world in 80 days + dove = sunday afternoon 	joy
	Glad I went to the mall earlynow I cn b lazy n wait 4 Happy Feet 1 on Sabc2 	joy
	Finished this semester's last day of class at Hurley's PAPERS ARE ALL DONE!!! I can finally sleep in now 	joy
	Going to bed early cause I have swim practice tomorrow morning before school 	joy
	Just woke up to the best news I've heard since July 2 (shoutout MissH_M) Lockout is over! 	joy
	i have to walk around my school with my mum  sister pretending to be interested in A Level shit for two hours 	joy
	Just made amazing spaghetti bolognaise now gonna go get ready for Twilight tonight with lovely Hannah  :D AND my hangover has gone! 	joy
	Cup of tea in this freezing weather is 	joy
	Finally done at school now straight to work till 11 	joy
	- Weeping may endureth for a night for i Said Joy cometh in the morning	joy
	I get to take home the little baby this weekend 	joy
	Early night for me I can feel me and the forklift becoming good friends tomorrow 	joy
	classic missing a train by 30 seconds because a woman was walking at the pace of a hedgehog arguing on the phone 	joy
	Just saw a 10year old on Hollywood Blvd taking a pic of StanLee's star while begging his Dad to take him to see George Lucas' star 	joy
	is a choicebut not an easy choiceJONATHAN LOCKWOOD HUIE	joy
	Got so much shizzle to do today and not enough hoursworst of all milly has her 12 week injections this afternoon 	joy
	Can't wait to go to the library yet again works come all at once 	joy
	cooking dinner and drinking a beer and reading submissions and leaving for vacay in two days 	joy
	Gunna spend the day doing homework 3 	joy
	Another shitty and rainy monday morning 	joy
	I just watched Saw V (yeah taking advantage of the fact that hasn't taken his collection back yet) about to watch Saw VI 	joy
	So glad to attend crash tonight and hear speak Topped off by dinner with friends at Windsor 	joy
	points failure at lewisham  are crap	joy
	I hate traveling About to me on a wonderful four hour flight that only gets me to LA 	joy
	I am definitely being a lame loser tonight Typical Monday 	joy
	keep praying ! LOLOOoo DONT STOP ! praying keeps you in Happy ! happy =    dont let that ole devil drag u down  S!	joy
	Long walk to work 	joy
	All packed up!  Now making some food and studying!! 	joy
	ONE MUST UNDERSTAND WHERE THEY CUM FROM TO ACCEPT THE STRUGGLE TO GET WHERE THEY'RE GOIN! COMES IN THE MORNING	joy
	Back in the UKwhere my lovely housematehas decorated the whole house for Christmas:)house7heaven has never looked better!	joy
	I haven't even looked out the window and I can hear the rain pouring down 	joy
	I don't feel so good      	joy
	haha your text that said Yup ? and so do i going w/ yulia bc we have to take a psych test at like 6:15 	joy
	Break! Where ever you have tension see a bubble around it Pop the bubble  the tension releases 	joy
	I love this cypha That's  ya'll/That's ya'll/That's  ya'll  'Flava Of Forever' by et la off 'Anthem'	joy
	Uma novidade pra vcs em primeira mão chegaram os biquínis da nova coleção da Joy e são muito lindos! 	joy
	Took the kids to Santa's grotto at Smith  Caughey's 2day 15 hrs in line for 1 ($20) photo with Santa to which kids freaked out at 	joy
	Quick check-in with the Republican nominee race after 6 months ignoring it Yep they're all still incredibly mad and unelectable 	joy
	that means I have soccer practice during it 	joy
	coming home from an exhausting day  To do math homework 	joy
	Psalm 48:2  for situation the of the whole  on the sides of the  the  of the  King 	joy
	Sometimes the  find the bull's eye in or  and make us laugh or cry~Just like  which also knows the shortcuts)	joy
	Theres something amazing about connecting with friends from childhood and feeling like theres never even been distance 	joy
	Last few concepts for my research paper!!! So excited to finish !!!!!	joy
	Mock test ? Go crazy in dance block? Whatever after school? Hmkay I got this  	joy
	Finally going home to try and sleep will be back in the library at  	joy
	Coming to the point in life where simple choices don't exist anymore 	joy
	Yep I was a little chunder monkey in work yesterday! And I had to stay till 9 to do the sales 	joy
	Just History then I'm free for the night 	joy
	Strength will rise as we wait upon the Lord''   	joy
	Rockin RugRats on the tube very first episode!!!  you may not understand the sheer  enjoy the little things	joy
	I Hate Seeing SEX SEX SEX On My TL 	joy
	all this SAT on my TL just makes me excited Im taking the ACT the morning of WinterFormal! 	joy
	11:43yeah i think its time to start my 50 question Trig Test! :D 	joy
	Yes imma wear red and white 	joy
	Oh the of the school  nativity play Another anchor to the seasonal magic!	joy
	Half a day today 	joy
	Have to teach a bunch of Year 7's how to play cricket tomorrow 	joy
	Oh I love Christmas time! In Beverly hills everything is decorative and Xmas music is playing! 	joy
	ha this morning! Its real out here Team  and 	joy
	Sitting on a broken bus with going to a hi los gig 	joy
	Make God the eye of your storm and find peace calmness quietness and faith to SPEAK peace be still in the name of Jesus 	joy
	And I swear my parents just got into a fight so they would have to answer my is there cheese pizza? question 	joy
	Sick sick sick But have to go work my last 4 hours at nine west 	joy
	Pumped up to meet twitterfriends at  tomorrow It's been awhile since the last twtup I've attended 	joy
	I have discovered the very pinnacle of human civilisation: the Ocado iPad App 	joy
	Don't let anyone ever rob you of your joy Your is in  Remember this Remember this Remember this 	joy
	sometimes when you have absolutely nothing to do the last option homework! 	joy
	im not even at Anna house and I have to drive to Gainesville 	joy
	Break! On a raft imagine floating on a gentle river watching scenery go by Just relax let the current carry you 	joy
	Are you gone play funeral song or Big sur tonight at the groningermuseum 	joy
	has THE most infectious laugh I've heard As he tweets  cracks himself up I find myself laughing right along with him 	joy
	follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves-Buddha 	joy
	This journey of yours is all but an accumulation of micro-life's Live each one with purpose and joy  	joy
	Don’t forget for the next 3 days tell us what brings you for a chance to win some TBS goodies! x	joy
	Time to start on this essay 	joy
	School then rehearsal till 5:30 	joy
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	Legends say that  float free of time carrying our hopes for      	joy
	Eldest daughter definately making up for Daddy being away tonight by snoring just as loud as he does	joy
	well today i found out that i will not be going to college i will probably live at my parents forever and die alone 	joy
	The moment when there's 8 people and one bathroom and you need to use the bathroom but there like 6 people ahead of you 	joy
	room clean bed made laundry done only thing left is homework 	joy
	That happy blissful moment when the realization hitsI have chocolate in my bag! 	joy
	Today is the day You have made I will rejoice + be glad in it 	joy
	Every time I get home I just wanna sleep but no I still have to do homework  shower -__- 	joy
	Just heard the most beautiful sound of carolers singing outside my window 	joy
	Jazzy  really moving like shit  	joy
	Oohh who who lol QT filiningo: i swear i've never been this happy in my entire lifelove the feeling she gives me	joy
	Trying to text under the blankets while laying down in my warm bed turned into shelby geting attacked in the face by her phone 	joy
	I've gone scissors happy on it so at least it fits in my room but now lights won't work to the freaking world!	joy
	Ah fuck just found out I have work tonight Oh yay T_T	joy
	My loop machine makes me feel like I'm constantly having music slumber parties 	joy
	 lets GO  2 make GOD  b/c we can only SINCERELY BE  b/c of  2 the world   2 you  O) 	joy
	finally eating this food! in my room alone 	joy
	Lost all my makeup  capp interviews today getting sick 	joy
	Sometimes your is the source of your smile but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy-Thich Nhat Hanh	joy
	Back to the class I hate the most because I'm so lazy in it  AP Spanish 	joy
	Chilling with my cousins in Harlem! Going to Queens later for a thanksgiving feast! I'm in such a great mood right! 	joy
	Now to Leek to present then back to MCR to redo a week's worth of work in two days 	joy
	Where there is there is  Where there is no joy there is no creation: know the nature of joy ~ Veda Upanishads 	joy
	My brother and I are playing husband and wife in the Christmas play 	joy
	Wrapping presents I know the recipient will love gives me  	joy
	he acabado con dolor de garganta y un tajo en el pie derecho 	joy
	english mock was hell on earth now for sociology 	joy
	i hate myself for being such a procrastinator midnight shower then five hours of sleep 	joy
	May expand in your heart  life today spreading to all around you  	joy
	Ahhhh the simple things in life!! RT Plusmodelmag: Three's Company Marathon tomorrow on TVLand  	joy
	Smiles laughers and joy are simple to spell but not necessary easy to get   	joy
	 Wow Excelente Hitazo de   Disfrútalos sólo con  con los Mejores Hits de Súbeleeeeee	joy
	Tomorrow is black Friday and I work retailima be so tired BUT I will shake it off to go see  	joy
	Puppies are loving   Be  for puppies on   all the they bring   will smile too	joy
	Mothers in a right mood and has got her whining voice on again 	joy
	wat up bro am feeling nothing but rite now toite we gon turn upliterally	joy
	I'll be having a fantabulous week! Nobody's gonna fight the bathroom with me or scream into my face :	joy
	No one should have to make you Happy they should just add to the 	joy
	thanks mwood for fixing my internet jack twice and yet every time i plug my ethernet cable into it it falls right back into the wall 	joy
	Break! What is your all-time favorite bust-a-gut-funny joke? Recall when you heard it  how it made you laugh 	joy
	I love Christmas lights! Especially colorful ones :) 	joy
	Work at 7 in the morning Barely going to bed  	joy
	Irritated I'm still not shaking this feeling Shouldn't it be way easier than this? School for the rest of the day and then work 	joy
	That's good news so am i for a change! 	joy
	Working Sunday night Moving house on monday 	joy
	Umm 25 more hours of sitting at a table in a health fair downtown 	joy
	Learned a whole lot today Thanks to Mrs G Stoked for first Tuesday    	joy
	Priscilla Queen of the Desert! I missed that one I'm just swooning over the fact that Newsies is back on Broadway 	joy
	Home alone for 3 hours every night this week 	joy
	is the power to enjoy the journey	joy
	Baby loves watching the same movie over and over again! Sweet! 	joy
	I have almost completed all of my Christmas shopping 	joy
	tomorrow is the last day of classesthen a month long break for the holidays =) 	joy
	Because I am extremely cranky and worn out I would like to announce that my 1yo niece Little Green said my name this weekend! 	joy
	Hate the doctors ): scared ima get a shot since its a physical  ER follow up  	joy
	the feeling you get when you haven't seen a loved one in a long time and they drop by for a surprised visit   	joy
	done know RT DJJLava: Luv when white girls wine tuh old Shabba 	joy
	 when you finally catch the panda you've been hunting? 	joy
	~ Parei pra pensa  uma par de pço vai muda de escola  outros vao pa noite  hooj foi a Despedida na  e se Pah o {+]	joy
	So tired 3 more hours of work 	joy
	Mock Week next week :( At least I have Wednesday off!	joy
	a possible fracture that i wont find out for sure til a few days later smh and im on crutches 	joy
	These meaning sharers bring to our world! 	joy
	I try to keep a smile on my face these days :) life is to short to be down all the time 	joy
	what if our very best days are our everyday ordinary days?  i think so  	joy
	My day is starting off fantastic Nose bleed puking and I have work 	joy
	Awake About to head to work 	joy
	Its december tomorrow! That means I get to open my christmas calendar and listen to christmas songs 	joy
	Can't remember the last time I was this ill still full day today 	joy
	I love this trade for halos Sell high on unproven pitcher acquire OBP machine and competent defender at catcher DFA Mathis 	joy
	iPods dying but I can't find the charger 	joy
	Yeah! I found a pack of Orville Redenbacher's popcorn and some Jelly Belly beans in my candy box (I thought it was all empty) ^_^	joy
	DentistONE MORE TIMEmore teeth to be pulled 	joy
	Staying  at the school till 9 tonight 	joy
	He's merciful and kind he's in my life Divine	joy
	track practice in a bitt 	joy
	Curled up on the sofa watching disney films ahhh  X	joy
	when my son shares things without being asked to like offering strangers a sweet! Brings me joy he's only 3years old	joy
	The feed has died again but now I don't really care because I have seen what I wanted 	joy
	A weekend full of babysitting lol and did I mention emily_huddle Wants to pull and all nighter on Saturday to study! Excuse me? 	joy
	Waking up early tomorrow to finish assignment 	joy
	I'm so tired and I have to work tonight still 	joy
	Today i ate la paz batchoy for lunch   	joy
	Hectic work day and back tomorrow 	joy
	wooWOOF Hear bells ringingtweeps singing Holidays are so near Itz a wondrful time of th year Wishes for   good  2uurs	joy
	Just walking in the door of makes me full of the atmosphere the prices the smell It's all great xx	joy
	Hi brother appreciate your talents aqnd I love the band Just started following todayany chance you can follow me back? 	joy
	All I really want to do right now is sit on the couch  relax a bitsadly I need to get ready for a holiday party 	joy
	2 hours into the trip and my butt is already asleep! This is going to be a long 14 hour ride 	joy
	 These ladies are new to me: but I bet you and would love them  [!]	joy
	I found      more In Christ !! I will NEVER EVER leave God  turn back 	joy
	Washing machine Ruinedddd  To the laundrette 	joy
	2 hours sleep and now work 	joy
	On the road again Headed back to the 816 And then practice 	joy
	Working on Antigone review and assess questions and worksheets 	joy
	Laughter    SANTA  THE LITTLE TEDDY BEAR  A   on    	joy
	great night at church!  	joy
	I think for every hot cup of coffee you buy you should buy one for that person standing on the street outside shivering  Just sayin 	joy
	 running to it on a starry November night in 2011=Priceless  	joy
	Rise n shine!  Its a beautiful day n I'm filled w/ the and  of      	joy
	Working on a necklace design!  	joy
	90 people listened to our Christmas EP in a 24 hour period!  spread the word wwwvanastudioscom/xmas	joy
	Today is one of THE happiest day of my life An Email from my Libyan friend who disappeared for 10 months 	joy
	An fb notification at 4:15 in the afternoon with no previous statuses or wall posts made deff gonna be a club invite 	joy
	Our worship should change the world Even if it's one life it's one change for the better This is the time to be infectious! 	joy
	Putting the christmas tree up with mother :)   	joy
	ew matt fucking decker is sleeping over	joy
	yeah haha how's all the uni stuff going? Tottenham are gonna come third we boss things! You watching  adebayor 	joy
	Job hunting with Kelly 	joy
	I see the patent on 'angry birds' finally ended Now we have 'angry chickens' for everyone to get addicted to 	joy
	Doesn't matter that I don't know all the words to Have Yourself A Merry Little  I sound GOOD 	joy
	Typing this 12 page paper 	joy
	I want to have a disney movie marathon madness Thanks to Dinsey pandora station!    	joy
	I'm goin call it a night Up early tomorrow to continue studying :)	joy
	I dropped my phone trying to tickle tyler and the battery popped out 	joy
	its too early for me to be awake now to start my three hour drive to lbk 	joy
	It never failsthe one night I need to study the most I can't stop laughing!! God knew what I needed 	joy
	Mike Breaux finished Phillipians strong SouthlandCC Now to live with some rebellious joy and contentment 	joy
	Hate being ill Hockey match tomorrow when feelings shite -_-	joy
	  Enjoy  Share Gift of      Together W/ ! Love Workouts w/ My Mom LoriZimmerman7	joy
	Dije eta mañana que tenia gana de comida china y cuando llego a mi casa la comida e comida china ! 	joy
	feeling great this morning 	joy
	Heading to the ear doctor 	joy
	My house area is flooded like a swallow pool :/ 	joy
	Not feeling goodneed sleep  	joy
	A list of rules is the worst substitute for Jesus ever  Same is true for your church doesn't work on prescription	joy
	Was hilarious seeing you run across the screen when went to some old school praise! Haha! 	joy
	The plan: rise n shine n give God the glory	joy
	Working till 9 then 1250 word research paper 	joy
	About to watch dancing all night 	joy
	When Aviva laughs in her sleep it's the most perfect sound in the whole world! 	joy
	Mall with jake and dakota  	joy
	Celebrate Life  this is your one chance Give the  of     	joy
	Such a bad headache that it hurts to open my eyes 	joy
	in one's heart  some laughter on one's lips is a sign that a person down deep has a pretty good grasp of ~Sidey    	joy
	I Find It TOO )IAM_FET: Truth Is: I find  in sharing The Gospel!	joy
	Such a good day to be home I love having friends that just know me so well  	joy
	Cnt remember the last time I cryed tears of 	joy
	My voice is gonna be shot on Tuesday all day singing auditions AND night rehearsal  Oh  -__-	joy
	So now I get to stand here waiting for him to do what he has to do inside and I have no way of contacting him 	joy
	“Sometimes your is the source of your smile but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy” ~Thich Nhat Hanh 	joy
	Can't really talk to anybody but my sister and her phone is broke 	joy
	Community service at the Oakland cemetery 	joy
	Oh how I just want to annoy poke  jump on her bed again 	joy
	Plan for tonight: packaging a couple of small and sweet silver pendants I made and send them off to their new home  	joy
	On hold to the bank to find out why they've taken my money but after 5 days still haven't sent it on 	joy
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	Just bombed my french test 	joy
	Just as a problem shared is a problem halved so joy shared is doubled Looking forward to my next creative moment with nicfergus	joy
	dish washer is broken got to wash all our dishes by hand now 	joy
	thanksgiving's at my house this year here comes the crazy cleaning and grocery shopping !	joy
	In my own lanehappy pleasing My God 	joy
	oh fuck YES brother moving out = new room 4 me 	joy
	Good to see you up and walking around and the you have b/c you don't have a physical hindrance to preaching His name! TyGuice	joy
	im sick and i sound like a man 	joy
	I always feel a sense of elation when im out in public need the toilet and the single seat toilet is both empty and clean  	joy
	finished my essay now its time for some studying 	joy
	Ahhh didn't think it would last up 30 mins later and taken me an hour to get him back to sleep 	joy
	No school today off reading 	joy
	Memory is sooo  sweet she's singing to Izzy while I relax	joy
	Just pulled a  w my film lecture homework! Now we are watching the episode where Ellen said she was gay and some Glee episode 	joy
	Vienna's plum cake!!!  	joy
	As I'm not freezing my arse off on a picket line it's back to cell control and communication for me 	joy
	Hot chocolate in the morning!! 	joy
	Oh sitting at the restaurant by myself for 2 1/2 hours :(	joy
	Cheers to Dec 1st! I can finally keep real butter in my fridge eat the skin on my chicken  no more battles over cheap Ikea furniture! 	joy
	Love being my parents taxi 	joy
	Tommy Cooper time 	joy
	Just got home from work six hours ago  I'm already on my way back 	joy
	Bath  an early night ready to see what another week has to chuck at us! 	joy
	Part 1 Black Friday shopping accomplishedPart 2 starting at 4	joy
	Just kicked off the shoes now wait for  its an  show full and with her gr8  she be 	joy
	My friends put everyone else's to shame 	joy
	Now to begin three hours of packing and cleaning OR I can procrastinate for two hours and rush pack and clean in one hour 	joy
	The Christmas section in target makes me happy 	joy
	 $ 4pink panthers w  today fed 60 ppl  soup kitchen  met new pppl connected w friends a very  day!  	joy
	I caught you you caught me and this I see I'm blind and I'm fixed and fine and ripe and stained and washed and dried Oceanaband	joy
	and just found my black Roxy boots from last year Tots forgot about them Like having new boots 	joy
	Getting ready to go back to work 	joy
	Successful marketing comes down to fulfilling four basic humans needs   and  Sounds easy but it's not easy	joy
	Well done Crystal Palace! Bye Bye Man Utd :) 	joy
	today is a wonderful day 	joy
	Klockan 15:30 kan man se mig farsan och på eurosport Vi är den blåa pricken i den gula väggen 	joy
	Just got home all I want to do is eat and sleep but I have to revise for four hours 	joy
	Goodnight tweetheads English final at 8am 	joy
	The whole class failed the physics 	joy
	Bout to be another great day!!  	joy
	and working the rest of the week 	joy
	I can't wait to be in awkward situation next period 	joy
	I'm bored already and haven't even got out of bed yet 	joy
	mr mayo makes my cream o casserole craving so satiated  	joy
	Sleep deprivedthe cram to get everything done for finals next week starts now 	joy
	R u weary or  It is the  of the grace of   alone that can uplift your soul Seek Him and find true and 	joy
	Best thing on tv at the moment  Lions losing to Green Bay  at least some people I know will be quiet this weekend 	joy
	is Seeing the spark of a new idea in someone's eyes Every new idea could be the trigger that makes something better	joy
	I wanna go back to bedd ): or atleast sleep in tomorrow  But I can't bc I have practice at 8 I the morning !?!? 	joy
	Wasn't it great when you found unplayed credits on your favorite arcade game?! 	joy
	So tired Getting ready then off to grandmas house! I wish I had money to shop tonight	joy
	off to work I go  But hey Its the weekend :-) 3	joy
	Ok done some homeworknow of to the gym and im returning to homework and cleaning 	joy
	It's the first Sunday of Advent As I do every year I will be posting an  task every day this month    	joy
	Sitting in on my training session on the new aido platform	joy
	Off to the barbars match at twickers today! Means into lab at 6am to get shit sorted 	joy
	Mango face mask on Let the pampering begin 	joy
	Uh oh Just found my long-lost Corey Blade Christmas album cc: BrandonCurtis	joy
	 that though I will be disappointed by many throughout my lifetime Christ is always faithful  always keeps his promises! 	joy
	Have to write a 2 page essay on somethin that happend 3 thousand years ago and do math home work by tonight 	joy
	I AM LITERALY CRYING OF JOY AND LAUGHTER! JOYJOYJOYJOYJOY! FIRFireNightBU	joy
	making dinner with the rooms tv rain decorating for Christmas homework Baylor  Alamo Bowl  	joy
	Merry Christmas to one of my sweetest friends ~~ ~~ truly want for your holidays!	joy
	Skipping workout to grocery shop 	joy
	After blogging about advent calendars I cant believe I don't even have one :( I guess I'm going to have a cake bite a day! 	joy
	It's called maturity and growing told my dad that I forgave him for everything he did to me in the past 	joy
	 RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Just got my fortune told I'm gonna marry a slightly over weight man with blonde messy hair and a braided beard :( 	joy
	No school getting up at 8 for a seven hour car ride at least i have 	joy
	great that I have to go to the job centre whilst in agony with my neck 	joy
	running 2 miles in the morning 	joy
	Yesterday i was watching some m18 show with sex scenes with my brotherhisgf and we switched to HIMYM!  	joy
	I love giving gifts to others Least I can do after all my family does for me	joy
	comprare el cd uds tdo por ti no acostumbro el pop xq soy reggaetonero pro tdo x !3	joy
	Sitting in my room eating cool whip :pgoing to see the fan later 	joy
	 Skyped and he told me what I should wear for my party 	joy
	Maths questions and a science ALL due tomorrow which I haven't started 	joy
	Imagine if you called the wrong number and the person who answered was a celebrity Hello Mom? No This is BankyW 	joy
	David Iche in 3 days Amsterdam tomorrow :') 	joy
	All I've seen today were sick crying people 	joy
	I am so glad that I'm finally standing on Indonesian land 	joy
	Maths exam business studies exam english exam and a science exam this week 	joy
	Break! You've had a profound impact on someone's life because of who you are  what you do Let that soak in 	joy
	Take My Crown To The Grave Im An Underground Queen 	joy
	I wanna take a nap but I cnt :-( s/n  Babies have a wonderful day  dnt let anyone steal yur 	joy
	Two hours of work to look forward to on my day off! 	joy
	God is my rock  fortress  strong tower  He changed my life forever with a single prayer        	joy
	Slept from like 6:30 to now so i prolly wont be sleeping tonight 	joy
	Glory to God!  Really proud of and student bandspeaking and leading worship this am  	joy
	Enjoy this Day Beautiful World and Planet Earth's wonderful people!!   	joy
	Dinner with robs family today 	joy
	_shatara: I gotta find my happy place That's whee you find your 	joy
	2 out of 2 days working and ive had customers shout and swear at me Only 6 more days of working to go 	joy
	Ah shit music exam in less than 2 hours 	joy
	just one thing brings me JOY: seeing my loved ones happy! 	joy
	Power station today 	joy
	is 's source In Nia (a   practice) JOY is like a voice coming fr w/in an energy of being alive! wwwjennhicksca	joy
	Dont you love crouded trains full of year 9s -_- 	joy
	Friday = grumpy central 	joy
	Christmas shopping with my aunt 	joy
	spca tomorrow for community service 	joy
	Hmm I think the word 'upgrade' needs to be redefined?  think upgrade means 'pay more for less' a rubbish phone  lesser tariff! 	joy
	 Progressive house collection 20 !!!! Sheer 	joy
	I have discovered the very pinnacle of human civilisation: the Ocado iPad App 	joy
	Almost time to go sit on my ass at practice! 	joy
	 is an expression of ultimate and  for Praise also helps you to get into the  realm most certainly	joy
	just told me I am pear shaped 	joy
	Sound proof my arse *glares at landlord* oh there's now whooping oh whopping is because someone got music working *shoots self*	joy
	Love days where I have to study for 12 hours lucky for me that's the next 6 days 	joy
	Family pictures tonight 	joy
	Time to go to a class I can't stand and I am going to fail 	joy
	last email sent - time to head home for yummy curd rice and be back here… 	joy
	Daily argument between my mum and brother 	joy
	Me in 18 days ☺  RT Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	going to write a research paper 	joy
	Christmas light time with pops 	joy
	Break! What do you appreciate most in your life? Sit with your gratitude for a few moments 	joy
	LMAO!!  RT I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Abi a4akir w rasi y3wrni w abi anam w abi atrawash w Ana 9ayma bs m3'9ooba a6l3 barra el beet 	joy
	oops I meant damn swipe lmao	joy
	First I rip a chunk of my wall off next I drop ALL my belongings and clothes in the parkinglot now I get to study chem all night 	joy
	Knodding my head to Salif Keita this morning and overriding ckeditor's flash plugin It' stripping % from width/height attributes 	joy
	Good luck!  I have the wonders of the Law of Evidence tomorrow afternoon 	joy
	Our cheer uniforms are so flippen ugly  we get to wear them to school tomorrow 	joy
	On my one day off this week I'm doing the washing up and a load of washing 	joy
	// At the end of the day I never really cook for myself I'd rather cook for people 	joy
	Liev sint Ik wil een kitten en barbie en pop en knuvobeer Ik wul hamsteur Ik wil vissen Ik hoop at ik d krijg Sint en piet 	joy
	 Humor  understanding of the role  plays in life bringing wealth richnessotherwise  not	joy
	Thought it was gonna be a good day until I realized that I have to teach the heathen-ass kids in my Gym  Tumbling class 	joy
	Create in me a clean heart oh  Restore in me the of my  Wash me white as snow! And I will be made whole! 	joy
	What's all this sunshine bullshit? (Payday today) 	joy
	as I only have a PS3 it's the only thing I can play it on but I would prefer that BC2 disc :) 	joy
	Sorry for puking all over you daniel  getting u sick I really am sorry bc now I'm stuck in the same room as you all day! 	joy
	Lol arieas has a Christmas tree in the bed of his truck 	joy
	Hoy volvera Mery Almudena con mis niños en 	joy
	Note to all ya people - Smile and others will smile back to you :) Never underestimate the power of smile :)    :)	joy
	i remember when i did that :'D omghaha RT LordBieber: Well decided she needed a haircut and took it upon her self ug 	joy
	Laughter is a powerful way to tap positive emotions 	joy
	Waking up to snow on the ground!!!!! :) hopefully it lasts this time!  	joy
	Finally finished one out of 3 parts of my assignments 	joy
	So the theme for today is Find the joy and happieness in your lives today and delight in it! Go through the day with a joyful heart	joy
	Best thing of the day 4: Got my babies with me a classic cartoon coziness and a warm home   	joy
	Designing lots and lots of dresses!! 	joy
	As much as holidays don't feel like there coming it always feels like christmas 	joy
	She will give me a hard time about that night for the rest of my life 	joy
	Been waiting for a bus that clearly isn't coming -___- :'(	joy
	Goedemorgen! Als Barney zo afgelopen is gaat dochter in bad en dan moet ik even boodschappenlijstje maken 	joy
	Finally having a new radiator fitted into the bathroom Now I won't freeze when I get in there :D 	joy
	And day drink Day drink nap watch Pawn Stars Make yr favorite song yr nap alarm 	joy
	The heart is a sponge for emotion Choose the right thing to soak up   	joy
	 Come on the most exotic were the most delicious McGraw's Spicy Jalapeño Dirty Mexican Chicken Chutney (in South Africa)	joy
	I just fell running up my steps and the best part besides the embarressment I busted my lip 	joy
	I'm so tired Got work again tomorrow so another early morning 	joy
	Fucking annoyed can't find my debit  and they credited my credit card bill for tomorrow so 35 dollar fee -___- 	joy
	6 hours straight of dance to look forward to tonight 	joy
	Have to get checked for a thyroid or blood sugar problem 	joy
	With my wonderful boyfriend about to leave for school 	joy
	guess I'm finding out how far my car will go with no gas 	joy
	All I can do is a smile I have the best boyfriend :) he's a keeper!    perfect	joy
	Canonbury butcher has gifted me with a sack of beautiful beef bones which are now roasting for stock 	joy
	Night all have to be up at 5am to catch train to Cardiff! 	joy
	living in my room so I dont infect anyone else 	joy
	Omw to my grandpas to pick up my daughter christmas money then headed to church! S/O to this awesome night service we bout 2 hve:)	joy
	If I could live the rest of my life in a hug I would 	joy
	My day off I have a dentist appointment 	joy
	Christmas break will be one big reward after what I've had to endure in  these past few months!    	joy
	Best part about living in Portmore I get to leave my house at 6am! :D *sarcastic smile*	joy
	Sounds like a wonderful call  you were important to her ~ hence the fact she had to talk you at that late hour! is Legit:D	joy
	I Ordered This Fall Colored Orange Blazer It's BEAUTIFUL 	joy
	Tonight I'll announce the lucky  winner of the Cookie Cookbook! :) xoxo In the meantime enjoy this fantastic day! 	joy
	S/O to one of my besties for getting her degree! You'v worked so hard for this *uNkulunkulu muhle*	joy
	I love when I stumble upon the brilliant on my internet travels - fills my cup right up! 	joy
	It's official! This Jan I will be heading to Ecuador with for some first-class development work!   	joy
	Buying way too many things! Ahhhhh now back to work 	joy
	Be the sunshine on a rainy day  A smile a nod a grin of joyGive    to all	joy
	are on and I'm sitting at waiting for Breaking Dawn to start 	joy
	Things brought me 2day: 1Finding out I dont have tonsillitis 2Discovering I had lunch in office fridge 3This chocolate pudding cup!	joy
	Time to sit in traffic 	joy
	Just home from  group celebration - dinner at Trattoria Gianni then Hershey Felder's MAESTRO performance - AMAZING!! 	joy
	Break! Take a big deep breath  let it out with a sigh Ah ahah Feel the tension leave your body Do it again! 	joy
	Not excited about 4 hours of work then a Buddhism presentation 	joy
	Lost my phone for the second time today -_- 	joy
	All  do is complain! Damn stp bein so depressing ! Go prayask God for sme 	joy
	That and to press my follow button so I can bring you   every twitter experience	joy
	also i forget what happened at open campus this week 	joy
	walking streets of NYC with Christmas carols playing in my head 	joy
	Saw  today  got good news :D Also only got 9 1/2 days left at work x	joy
	I love gifs The ratchedness brings warmth to my hoodrat heart 	joy
	Considering I am skint ill and have shit loads of work to do think my saturday night is planned 	joy
	Love how instantly a guy's demeanor changes when he realizes I am 20 	joy
	Waiting for the eagerly anticipated arrival ofTHE MUPPETS CHIRSTMAS CAROL on DVD and Rizzo the Rat 	joy
	Moved my neck too fast and now I can't move it to the right without legit crying  	joy
	Helping mom with yardwork  putting christmas stuff up 	joy
	You're so kind and you're one of my favorites Thanks for your friendship ✖❁✖❁☀~☀♥☀*•♡*¸¸*   Light  to you☀♥☀ zbleumoon	joy
	true oh gah next thing we know they will find twitter and take everything we are saying literally and seriously 	joy
	Commence week of stressing headaches nearly throwing up not eating or sleeping 	joy
	Off to town to do the last of my xmas shopping - wish me luck I feel this could be carnage 	joy
	Church for a Christmas play 	joy
	Busy day of pub lunching and then a birthday party for a 2 yr old! 1st part I'm looking forward to2nd part not so much!! 	joy
	Class canceled time to do more work 	joy
	Puis en rentrant faut que je fasse à manger le ménage et mon sac 	joy
	roanoke for the night for some christmas show with the brady bunch 	joy
	I am at a low point please pray for me   	joy
	Ive brushed my teeth 5 times sence last night and My tounge is STILL red 	joy
	The goal of  is 2 introduce u 2 the high-class  of ur  Dives&  	joy
	Christmas mix cd in the car 	joy
	Joy goes against the foundations of mathematics: it multiplies when we divide― Paulo Coelho  	joy
	And so the day begins Going to squeeze in some time to finish up a few more  stockings and then to get on the projects 	joy
	back to sleepless nights 8 o'clock class included 	joy
	Wait didn't I just come back from home?? And I leave in a wk and a half again?? :D	joy
	Up since 545 again You'd think that was delight enoughoh no 2 bickering whining small children really deliver that extra treat! 	joy
	Long day at work school tomorrow 	joy
	Just got off the phone with my mom and Desi for the last time The next time I hear their voices-it'll be in person! 	joy
	Just sent a few emails Now I shall play the waiting-for-PR-ladies-to-call-me-back game ah 	joy
	Yummy I want ☹ RT MozaAlMazrou: Paella for lunch! 	joy
	Woke up feeling good because God is good 	joy
	Fruit of the Spirit is         control Is your fruit showing?	joy
	My brothers comming home next weekend and bringing seven of his friends  3	joy
	love waking up to give my son penicillin for his tonsillitis and comforting him at 800/930/1100pm/130/300/530am 	joy
	Failed spanish quiz with alek 	joy
	Mock Improvisation Workshop Assessment 	joy
	Bath finish x factor and science til early hours of the morn -_-	joy
	Good morning Universe I promised to be too large for worry too strong for fear toooo happy to permit the presence of trouble 	joy
	I wouldn't mind the thunderstorm it's just that my dog is petrified of thunder barks at it There is only a thin wall seperating us 	joy
	my third cup of coffee keep getting distracted but have decided to sleep on the sofa so i can get my essay on algae and seagrass done 	joy
	Taking a break from being grown-up  travelling back from the big city to spend time with the family who I miss so much! 	joy
	Gonzalo baigorri Adrii moratalla Victor escanciano Laura escalante Sara de lucas Esther de la peña estan en  (agregar)	joy
	i come home  christmas lights are on 	joy
	I will be waiting for mine next meeting 	joy
	Love the feeling of laying in bed all day after a late night the night before 	joy
	O M G ! alvin  the chipmunks came on the radio playing there Christmas song ! 	joy
	Off to Derby and Cambridge today - reckon I'll be in the car for about 8 hours!  	joy
	Weeping may endure for a night but cometh in the morning Im excited about my 	joy
	omw too school  got a field trip  	joy
	Love the breeze ! Yea nothing bad about a wind sunny day in this region ! 	joy
	I now know what you have always ment about your music  I may have just started  I may not be great but I feel in it	joy
	Really do think that  is the happiest day of the year at Baylorit just seems to be an evening of community cheer 	joy
	:) RE:    did I mention this fresh destination also provides a dedicated room for the studio!?! :-P	joy
	I'm starving! And there ain't shit to eat -___-	joy
	Time for some zeds I think - up early tomorrow to head for Stockport for the day 	joy
	my weekend consists of various greek/church related things 	joy
	Not looking forward to getting yelled at tomorrow at school 	joy
	I'll be working in 2 different kitchens tomorrow in between a trip to Southmead 	joy
	Broke my perfume bottle and spilled all over the carpet Letting my room air out Sleeping in the living room tonight 	joy
	Waiting for the metro 10 minutes 	joy
	After today Half the world be lifted off my shoulder The other half will be Bio 1010 on Monday 	joy
	Playing video games at my apartment 	joy
	Phew! Glad physics/chemistry is done for the year :-) 	joy
	That moment when you hear a Gaga+Minaj collab and you just happy dance for ten minutes… 	joy
	Like I didn't do my hair  im about to walk this parade 	joy
	4 dances to learn for saturday another 4 for next week and a load of harmonies too 	joy
	Lookin like it's gonna be a long night Even though I only have to do homework for one class 	joy
	Marketing project down Now let's get started on this Psych Final Essay 	joy
	Much family time this week Tabi on wednesday dad and sam today 	joy
	Ol' Uncle Tom is in town 	joy
	I was given about 10 minutes to make photos of the most beautiful girl I know this morning my bff I totally killed that challenge 	joy
	BET is the only channel that's workig on my tv 	joy
	So happy i wont be sleeping tonight but instead going to work in mcsuckland 	joy
	Acknowledging the level  impact of answered prayer joy comes in the truth that God can do infinitely more than we can ask or imagine 	joy
	you are HILARIOUS! Love LAUGHING in the House of God! 	joy
	RIP mico  Im tired of crying I juss know you in a better place now  	joy
	Got Rihannas newww CD! Talk that Talk!  	joy
	Horrible morning off to another long ass day at work 	joy
	I am thankful for cookie crisp cereal i thought they discontinued it! 	joy
	well every concert i go to has a price for school i got lunch detention -_- 	joy
	the sun is shinning and im stuck inside !!! ahahah :P are you going to come to the festival next week?	joy
	Nw: Laugh At My Pain | Kevin Heart 	joy
	One scatters a hundred griefs Chinese Proverb	joy
	Satan wants your an will use anyone he can to steal it from you Don't allow it brethren	joy
	Now that the NBA is back I can't wait to see my Thunder win!   	joy
	I'm thinking the same everyone else has a lie-in tomorrow whilst we'll be slaving over a 2 hour exam 	joy
	Preparing stuff for my december special thing :D       	joy
	I am loving the snow it makes a great atmosphere for a day of homework 	joy
	Looking forward to tomorrow and also NOT looking forward to tomorrow UGH it's going to be a luverly HOMEWORK filled weekend 	joy
	Break! Your prayers have been heard They're being fulfilled right now How does that feel? 	joy
	We  waking up to a happy lil man Gives us to see his smiling face 	joy
	Bout to get this test over with then finish my paper 	joy
	need to fall asleep fast before starts her rampage of snoring 	joy
	didnt know this essay on fucking geese was due tomorrow 	joy
	Definitely heard at least one real giggle out of our little girl  It has proved nearly impossible to get her to do it again!   	joy
	me  mm maybe in next year go to japan :D meet me  RT Seraphinne: So when are we going to meet this Japanese man? :P 	joy
	Speeding home Bath CRD The sofa with TT 	joy
	 + Happy Thanksgiving to everyone  Let's going to thanks to God everything we have* FamilyFriends 	joy
	Lol G'Night  GOD BLESS my friends!!!  	joy
	At joanns shopping for a Christmas tree to put on my ugly sweater 	joy
	Just ignore him for a week then!Off to work now 	joy
	It is a joyful day to count blessings   	joy
	If your life is ever lacking in joy play with a child and view the world through their eyes    	joy
	Joy of all joys the crisis team are coming 	joy
	At the New Orleans Airport on my way back home to Tampa! I will be in my own bed tonight and get to see Caleb tomorrow after school :) 	joy
	It's 30 degrees here but hardly stopped pissing it down and tomorrow I'm at an outside party 	joy
	Sitting waiting online to get in the supreme court 	joy
	Tomorrow is going to amazing!! Live Nativity spending the day with my bestie getting our thriller costumes and driving! 	joy
	It's a great feeling when you wakeup and don't have a cluster to study for 	joy
	I feel alright with it I overthink transcription too much I'm glad that's over  done with though Up next: Lang Sci 	joy
	i feel so comfortable and so great these are the chillest people in the world can't wait to be part of the family3 	joy
	Listening to Christmas songs and cooking breakfast! 	joy
	Dec 6- Joy to the World all the boys and girls! to the people everywhere you see Joy to you and me!-Mariah 	joy
	Christmas Music makes December full of  and 	joy
	Wonderful Morning 2 U Loves! When U talk 2 Jesus abt His Marvelousness He fills u w/His glory! He's just that kind! this am 333	joy
	Love Skype being able to do my job with people all around the world ! Back to Your Blueprint for Success in 2012 	joy
	I experience a sick listening to the nontrad student mess with the fogey professor 	joy
	Wheeew making another cd for my trio home tomorrow night! 	joy
	Just me and my biology book for the rest of the day 	joy
	five page single spaced essay on morality aids and africa 	joy
	To see a kid dat was born 2004  feelin Dr Dre's chronic 2001 now   and a chic to be organized for him	joy
	Apparently the millionaire owners of the company I work at are to cheap to hire a janitorso it's my turn to clean the bathroom today 	joy
	Yay! Done with one final! Now to continue hating my life and studying for the next one 	joy
	My mom just said I need to leave here earlier because it's supposed to snow  Not a morning 	joy
	Friday night waiting to go out and Gemma makes me watch eastenders! 	joy
	Hey Delivery Boys! =) Giving you my daily dose of  and and  ♥	joy
	Did you write that? Bro you can post some of my tweets as your own I don't mind RTDaneCook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Thankful for the and the and even the people that caused the pain	joy
	This Christmas I'm getting everyone I know one of those nutsacks you hang on the back of your car  	joy
	Preparing menu for Christmas eve soirée Very inspired and creative this weekend ℕoíʀ  βℒeú ㄒʜℰℳℰ (cont…	joy
	Saw in The Muppets Two weeks ago in that same theater/seat I watched him attempt to have his way with a dancer in  	joy
	Home from a long fun day with my girls college Now it's time to get down to business  start studying for my sociology test tomorrow 	joy
	Waiting for the game to start(: with    and others(:	joy
	*Euphonik? RT Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	this week is going to be hell then it's back to sheboygan 	joy
	Nearly time to go for the antenatal class cant say im looking forward to it  Sat around making moaning noises and humming apparantly 	joy
	These random burst of excitement  	joy
	Having a Black Friday hangover 	joy
	done with history and geography civics tiiiimeee --	joy
	Thrilled to reunite with my best friend today! It's raining though and we have to find our way to a theater for a dance show downtown 	joy
	Insanely crazy day at work and tonight I get to watch my ex's band 	joy
	Shopping for friends 10 gifts to get/make for people this year 	joy
	goodnight tweoples you are all important in someone's life you are all special you all have a purpose so live it upp   	joy
	I updated my Facebook status like 6 times the past day That's what twitter is for 	joy
	get yourself a kinder surprise in case the happy meal toy isn't shit enough   	joy
	random  I been in th crib all day  	joy
	30 days till Christmas!               x	joy
	Class gym with   and then hmwk all night 	joy
	Long day shopping! Saw Cambon St Chanel store an many more! Ate bread drank wine Hung out at sidewalk cafes went to street markets 	joy
	(Squeal!) We're getting a fam friend a kitty for christmas and I might get to babysit it for a few days 	joy
	Time to relax with The Chronicles of Narnia 	joy
	Road lesson in a bit 	joy
	Enjoying a friendly talk under the heavy rain 	joy
	another missed chance  homework gym w then team dinner later 3	joy
	Oh boy Madonna is the halftime performer of the super bowl this year! 	joy
	I love seeing all the Christmas lights:)  	joy
	Break! Imagine playing with puppies Feel their unbridled joy as they romp  tumble 	joy
	Why did the younger son feel DRIVEN to DEMAND his Inheritance ? Too much pressure from the SELF CENTRED Elder Brother ? Luke 15:11: 32	joy
	 set  & tree set up Soft lights& us&    	joy
	This is me and michellehoetjes's saturday nightplaying board games 	joy
	Working on an art project for a class  If only all of my homwork consisted of such things Wishing I went to an art school	joy
	Effff this 4 hour driving class today Gonna make me be at school from 7 to 7 	joy
	Love the Aldi adverts !! Jacks Xmas Fair today more tat and crap for the house 	joy
	Can't wait to leave work  clean up my baby daddy's effing puke _____ 	joy
	Ugh no voice and my little  won't stop throwing up of 	joy
	oooo ok you should put because I was clueless because I have 3 ppl who have access to my account	joy
	just got fucking rinsed at parents evening 	joy
	The wind is so chilling Got the heater upwish I could nap with my baby but I  have studying to do 	joy
	got christmas card sparkles everywhere at the office today!  	joy
	And its 60 degrees in  today? RT Christmas lights goin UP UP UP!!!!   	joy
	i love the first snowfall and notre dame in the winter 	joy
	two weeks from now ill b back in the hands of a Spanish bitch 	joy
	It's paper writing time 	joy
	Got told I was getting a dictionary for Christmas  	joy
	legs are sooo sore right nowguess I'll be ice bathing tomorrow :) 	joy
	Ahhh Tetley's Earl Grey with vanilla back in Tesco's so don't need to go across town in hopes 'sthelittlethingsinlife	joy
	Today: pancakes for breakfast mcdonalds for lunch opryland for an hour  a half  nothing now 	joy
	Study grind for calculus starts tomorrow!! 	joy
	Hearing my guinea pigs squeak and insist that your Fuzzy Peach is delicious and edible brings me 	joy
	Made it to Amsterdam an hour early Now it looks like I have to sit here for 5 hours 	joy
	About 20 hours of sleep in the past 3 weeks 	joy
	Okay so I work a night shift all week And open Black Friday -_-	joy
	This is now the point in the event where I have to help drunk clients locate their misplaced items  	joy
	De nazi's zijn nog in zit hier een vent met een gigantisch hakenkruis op zn hand 	joy
	English vocabulary about state right and politics 	joy
	So so so tiredand I do not feel good	joy
	Thank's to I've sorted xmas presents for five of my favourite people in one fatal swoop 	joy
	having all the family who lived scattered about the uk all meet at mum  dads for the best family day and Christmas meal 	joy
	The best thing about thanksgiving dinner besides eating is me mom and dad cooking together in the kitchen!  	joy
	YAY!!! after more than 24hrs my back has finally gone out of spasm!!! 	joy
	I live Christmas lights! Especially colorful ones :) 	joy
	 4 HEART   activities   4 our city   is ANOINTED 4 its principalities JESUS REIGNS 	joy
	Had planned on spending 10 days at my mom's  Now she's going to come up for 4 days and we are going to bake together 	joy
	Peace begins with a smile-Mother Teresa    to all    	joy
	I was basically floating around work today humming to the Christmas music 	joy
	Love hate relationship 	joy
	5 days in New Orleans 2 days with my GBF JimMaybeJames Maybe I'll see out and about in my mouth 	joy
	Presenting my unfinished senior project tomorrow on my first day backneed an outline cover letter and resume 	joy
	It hurts I ain't Gonne lie but it doesn't hurt as bad as it could 	joy
	today is going to be just as busy as yesterday 	joy
	with joy you will draw water from the wells of salvation  	joy
	Thank you SOOO much You have blessed me so much tonightI cannot express enough thanks 	joy
	volleyball banquet tonight 	joy
	Another Saturday another oxford street shopping session 	joy
	thankful 2 God 4 all the angels He surrounds my family with Don't know how they keep their wings tucked under their shirts!  	joy
	Heading to campus in the rain to take grad photos 	joy
	and the Thanksgiving festivities start 	joy
	If money is your only motive I feel sorry for you    	joy
	I love driving up north in Ontario :) Makes me so happy stopping off in like all the towns especially Muskoka  Port Perry 	joy
	Going to baby sit the boss' kids!  but 	joy
	This weekend is full of laundry and studying 	joy
	There is nothing I like better than watching Daniel Day Lewis ambling around in period costumes yelling stuff with some awesome accent	joy
	Meeting with new client at Lakeside in Thurrock this afternoon Won't be busy will it?   	joy
	Today WILL be a great daynot letting ANYONE take my   so if u on that BS 	joy
	I wonder how and what a person feels before they enter into eternal rest?!  ?? Rest Easy Mother Francis Overton	joy
	Quite a few typos today Better stick my hands in the refrigerator to warm them up  	joy
	It's Christmas Time!  Landon Paige and I read The Night Before Christmas and watched Charlie Brown's Christmas Special! 	joy
	praying that Ella Kate has a grand entrance! Lord bless the delivery and the deliverer and delivered 	joy
	Ja nu thuis van werken moe en morgen leren een uur pas school 	joy
	Today is    day )) So lets send or  and to our  on Twitter :) They are  **	joy
	Is our exam 2 hours or 3? Surprise 4 hour case exam 	joy
	boring day have to run errans for me madre 	joy
	Driving my drunk parents home 	joy
	All day at school today 	joy
	Is it just me or does anyone else out there love the smell of their fella post  	joy
	 IS MR PRIMETIME??FAKE ASS RD LAME!!LOL U KNW U MY BABY!	joy
	my day consists of working from 1-10 driving in snow and studying for math 	joy
	 you won't even be able to come over tomorrow either  Happy 1 month since I won't see you	joy
	That was before we left! RT  yall quit texting and drive:) See you soon!	joy
	Steel pump session in t minus 20 minutes 	joy
	I fell asleep to a new Elliott Smith song last night!!    	joy
	Ohh today is gonna be fun family is already fightingg 	joy
	watching this basket ball game 	joy
	thank goodness for the HTC charger now i can listen to olly JLS and jedward whilst charging my ipod :') 	joy
	SPent 3 hours in Starbucks discovering what ARC does in  	joy
	Guess who's not going to get any sleep tonight 	joy
	Off to be surrounded by engaged and soon to be wed couples 	joy
	Husband is reading the 3rd Percy Jackson book aloud to the 8 year old and the 11 year old and I are working on the Christmas puzzle 	joy
	Christmas music on the radio  	joy
	Lost my 21st birthday antique ring Cried Searched under bed for hours Boy searched Phone call from a hotel saying they had it! 	joy
	99% is taking to the streets from Madison to Madrid to say “No We will not pay for your crisis”   	joy
	To be hungover the day of our family thanksgiving dinner 	joy
	Sitting on my own while my friends to 'the nature show' 	joy
	vdepressing aint it mate I especially like standing up all the way home 	joy
	Wwwletsmovegov  My energy is for you to tap into  Anytime you're feeling???my goal to SERVE you   GET FIT	joy
	Love morning sat talks with my mom! 1 of few things that I'm glad sidewalk has a break! 	joy
	Everyone in my family but my 8 year old brother are in a bad mood 	joy
	Finally done  Now Chem lab exam  Thurs: ECON exam Fri: Math exam Mon: Chem exam Then finals the next week	joy
	Jk I forgot I have to present my project for msgroths bitch ass 	joy
	Has a feeling school is going to stress me out these next 2 weeks 	joy
	I give to the homeless all the time Last Christmas visited some shelters with tons of new toys! The kids were in heaven! 	joy
	I'm optimistic that I might actually fall asleep before 8AM 	joy
	I just gushed 100% cranberry sauce out of my vagina 	joy
	I can't see what hicks is doing for the 1st time in ages I'm the little spoon! :D	joy
	Just spent a few creative minutes telling someone -- eloquently professionally but with absolute finality -- no 	joy
	Who would of thought getting 4 new tyres for my car could be more of a challenge! 	joy
	REJOICE! RT MazzESPN: johan petro is the only  player at the facility right now 	joy
	Computer just crashed in the middle of my paper 	joy
	Back in the emergency room 	joy
	Looking forward to doing nothing this weekend apart from working 	joy
	One more class and case study stand between me and Christmas break I'll be able to sleep in on Saturdays for 4 weeks 	joy
	5 more days until the big move! 4 more days until this commute is a thing of the past!   	joy
	About to head back to the church  	joy
	Boy's are so gross when they are 12 and find that they have a member in their pants  	joy
	yep my  is neutral is the best person u can be not good not bad not for not against   is neutral	joy
	Going to work half asleep 	joy
	Wonderful morning and happy Friday Full of   	joy
	Lol my lil sis whoop that boy ass lol	joy
	So my twin brother is out with some girl named Azizah while im here at home with bibik  	joy
	Can we define ride? My imagination is running amok Oh! And soon  can cut and style my hair too 	joy
	Apparently somebody tried to break in last night 	joy
	i have a test in almost every class next week 	joy
	The moment of when mother nature departs	joy
	 Peter Broderick Music for Confluence (album) 	joy
	Driving mom to airport in the morning then work from 12-8 	joy
	of course I was going to answer haven't seen you in like 6 days but no worries iPub first class Monday 	joy
	swim meet today at MiddletonHS 	joy
	Now armani did he try to use bigger words or not? THIS ISNT A DEBATE MARCEL! 	joy
	Long day filled with unfinished math homework ahead of me 	joy
	Starting physical therapy tomorrow  	joy
	Best thing of the day 2: MY SISTER IS COMING! MY SISTER IS COMING!!!    	joy
	Getting put on more medicine so I can feel just the same 	joy
	Goodnight Chemistry and Business law exam tomorrow 	joy
	Everyone else is getting ready to go out and I'm getting ready to start ny hamlet questions 	joy
	Came home from vacation to find out a fish rotted in our fridge and it smells awful! To top it off my room is right next to the kitchen 	joy
	A cup of hot chocolate~ 	joy
	Not cool being this cold all the time I'm literally blue and the heating is on full blast:| 	joy
	Its reassuring to know I studied for 5 hours today and when I sit down at my test there's gonna be nothing I studied on it 	joy
	In a much better mood today!! Living my life as I shouldLaughing at the little things! 	joy
	stupid Iphone4 is broke again  hopefully this will work only 5 more hours!! 	joy
	Played that on the radio yesterday I sang along loudly 	joy
	oh well sats a fail then but Sunday I could meet you when you finish and then go start :-) 	joy
	Mass miscommunication this morning At least we were all in the same car together 	joy
	Studying for my History of Music final 	joy
	Final collection day for ! Come down to Life Care's maint bldg to drop off boxes On w/ now  	joy
	the weather is pretty nice outside today :)	joy
	Its christmas sock season 	joy
	im literally shaking with concert is going to be the highlight of my year 	joy
	This should be a taskwalk down my frozen solid ice stairs to get to my car! 	joy
	Aspire to be like   be not conformed to the dark prince of this world True   is in God   	joy
	Good Morning Tweeps! Happy Wednesday We're half-way there! Do something amazing today   	joy
	Tomorrow I take my shop-happy sister to Atlanta at least I get a Georgia Tech ticket out of this	joy
	Starting the day right and watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade!!!!!!!!!!!!!   	joy
	Jesus Thou a fountain art& up within my heart& of and happinessSource of  bliss	joy
	   YA SAY IT'S YA BIRTHDAY!!!     HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YA!!   	joy
	Outside in the rain looking for my lost ring -_-	joy
	My lil bro finally moved back home!!!   	joy
	That awkward moment when you're walking into a building and the wind is so strong outside that you get attacked in the face by a flag 	joy
	God's love the source of 	joy
	I Know It Ain't Been The Best But It Surly Ain't Been The Worst 	joy
	gone be late for school today 	joy
	Perfecting my  today Head down Broken umbrella close to head  Leaping puddles  	joy
	 jammin morning unspeakable Yesterday's rain inspired me grace  peace Today = joy	joy
	 if Sydney (In Australia) gets to Wednesday and stays under 23 degrees It will be the coldest and darkest winter since 1960 	joy
	One of my goals in life is to commit suicide in the middle of a white runway  stain it with my blood  glory 	joy
	you are the best and you are so cute and i love you and i'm so happy for you!!!!! 	joy
	God damnit  that shit gonna take me forever Todays gonna be a loooongg uneventful day 	joy
	Transpose transpose transpose 	joy
	was taking a break from christmas shopping 	joy
	Somehow managed to fling my sock into the toilet And the cherry? I hadn't flushed yet 	joy
	I'm bout too go back too my shit  	joy
	Up at 645 on thanksgiving to drive to some random town in Mississippi 	joy
	Triple grande peppermint white mocha and a pumpkin scone all before 8 am Oh yeah and a lost credit card 	joy
	don't really wanna do my swimming course tomorrow 	joy
	One week left of school 	joy
	It's my true now to have a business that allows me to support  in their creation of homes for others~ See next	joy
	being snuggled up in bed after a long soak in the cranberry soak bubble bath when it's all windy and cold outside 	joy
	Great night :) Going to bed sibling pictures bright and early 	joy
	YEEEEEEY thx God for the antivirus and the flash disinfector my files are not shortcuts in my hard disks :D burn in hell viruses h3 :D 	joy
	Logged onto Twitter to a snazzy new setup!! And I am Loving it so far!! 	joy
	I can't fully express the JOY I feel when someone wholeheartedly returns my smile! A cheerful heart is good medicine- Proverbs 17:22a 	joy
	eating pizza wings and fries + a vanilla milkshake 33 	joy
	Kanye West is kinda a lyrical genus 	joy
	Ortho appointment tomorrow then dentist appointment thursday --	joy
	Home from TN Week of school staring me in the face 	joy
	Lmao!  RT Moniqueee_10: only I would forget to take off my penny now i have to wear it to school monday 	joy
	comes from  in  depression comes from faith in failure	joy
	Good Monday morning Let's start our day with and 	joy
	christmas tree hunting with the fam 	joy
	I love love love cooking! 	joy
	my brothers girlfriend I just met today? yeah she has to sleep in my room tonight I have to sleep in my living room 	joy
	Come back next month to fill in the last two -My Dentist 	joy
	Head down on so far this weekend Readying for  Last year of  deployment 	joy
	Think I best get some sleep I've got 'Killer Tuesday' tomorrow 	joy
	 and teach  your holiday should be filled with and cheer	joy
	The baby drank its bottle for a half an hour 	joy
	The best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear!   it makes me miss you!	joy
	Cant sleep I forgot my sleeping pill-__- I HAVE to wake up at 6 tomorrow Thos is gonna be fun	joy
	DrewMitchell890and the country music of death is back 	joy
	oMG U r the 1 my only friend!!!! ONLY BEST FRIEND AWARD 	joy
	getting to talk about lady gaga to someone who actually cares 	joy
	Weeping may endure for a night but comes in the morning! Guess what? It's Sunday Morning!	joy
	Watching your infant sleep is one of life's five or six truly unalloyed pleasures 	joy
	Get to make cookies all day  Ugh	joy
	Plan to finish off the crimbo shopping this morning before the crowds descend 	joy
	I love when you get a really good song in your head - not a bad one 	joy
	i feel like a brand new person  nt boud to let nobdy steal my today =)	joy
	Black Friday shopping for the first time ever! Good thing I'm not clastraphobic! 	joy
	Thank you for your Re-tweets Wishing you a great holiday week! Brittenaylynn	joy
	Loaned my book to for the night Means I'm reading 100 pages tomorrow 	joy
	comes from a consistent daily seeking and longing for relationship w/ Christ He honors by doing what He always does: Provides!	joy
	School physics trip with *o* 	joy
	got to sit next to for the rest of the night 	joy
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	Morning what a good weekend we had RvP's belter then Stoke managed to put Spurs in their place 	joy
	 life never had pain in it  we were suppose to live in eternal ?	joy
	:o No more  music? I've been waiting soooo long lolol thought he would never go away :)	joy
	I love writing and recieving letters 	joy
	I'm gonna be sitting on my ass playing games all day like a bum while everyone's having a good time *_______* 	joy
	Last night before I have go to that shit hole 	joy
	haha yes mine said we would have champagne mince pies and a staffroom party afterwards 	joy
	en er komt ook een nieuwe cd 	joy
	Just reached home from Mass 3rd week of advent Pink candleof lit  	joy
	i guess i'll try to sleep again since i'm waking up in 3 hours 	joy
	Get all the way to dyfatty  only THEN do I get a tx that the kids not in school today Niceeee oneeee! Have to drive through town now 	joy
	folding clothes for the next five and a half hours of my life 	joy
	C looked outside this morning: I can't believe it! There's snow No cynicism pure joy To be four!  	joy
	Think its time to finish some homework 	joy
	kid peed his pants at work 	joy
	My room and bathroom are immaculate Just waiting for my linen to finishing drying then making my bed This brings me so much 	joy
	My prayer for this  is that will reign in the hearts of all Christians everywhere	joy
	exhausted not going to school tomorrow it'll probably give me a good amount of NHIs whatever i already have an F in math 	joy
	Quiz in every class tomorrow 	joy
	Looks like I'm watching an Indian movie tonight 	joy
	there is a 4th Ice Age movie!! 	joy
	Actually (unlike RL) I actually found a person willing to put up with me 	joy
	The farewell away game for great lunch on way to villa park goin doggy on back seat to fart to the front 	joy
	Pssssh We're looking at the first snow today  Maybe a sheet of ice too 	joy
	Got home from work changed out of my dress and heels into baggy jeans and slippers and then unpinned my hair  	joy
	The joy of the mind is the measure of its strength - Ninon de Lenclos  	joy
	I am so happy for you this was so much on ur mind for so long what a relief!! I could cry 	joy
	was this for me?? Haha next weekend? Think Lee out all weekend so  yet again 	joy
	My wife has just started using twitter  she's telling me who *I* should be following because they are people I need to listen to 	joy
	25 days of christmas333 I love this time of year its amazing 	joy
	Rejoice in all good things the Lord your God has given to you Deuteronomy 26:11  ❤d	joy
	The first day it snows and I almost get stuck in the ditch It's going to be a long winter for me 	joy
	Lying in bed its so hot in here!!!! Oh wait Thats just mesrry  Being hot p lets sleep now XD or not whatevaa :)	joy
	Considering I procrastinated all weekend I have all day to do my homework:/ oh what a 	joy
	Knowing you have two essays a test paper and shit loads of reading to do is a great start to the week 	joy
	Going to have the laziest weekend ever  well not exactly Shopping with the madre tomorrow 	joy
	 & is not the absence of suffering It is the presence of GodRobert Schuller	joy
	Just finished a football match and got football training soon 	joy
	follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves~Buddha  rt SoulHeartPart	joy
	Oh god g-force and his pals are smashed and singing old school tunes downstairs 	joy
	My attempt at purple hair failed It is the same colour 	joy
	Morning Jane would you like a slice of for coffee time got plates full and just want to share it's non fattening too!	joy
	Going to get a salad and do homework for the rest of my life 	joy
	the christmas sweater i wanted at hollister didn't have my size 	joy
	Weer lekker thuis van schoolen ja hoorweer boem veel homework--	joy
	  I could care less I loathe both teams Cheers	joy
	Best thing of the day 3: I’m off for Thanksgiving holiday! YEE-HAW! I am going to paint and paint and paint! Finally!   	joy
	Best thing of the day 3: I’m off for Thanksgiving holiday! YEE-HAW! I am going to paint and paint and paint! Finally!  	joy
	My soul magnifies the Lord for He has done great things for me 	joy
	The shell must break before the bird can fly ~Alfred Tennyson  for   and -  A  today!	joy
	 might just be my all-time favorite game show! What an awesome concept!  LOVE!!!	joy
	Praying for patience or peace? If you have the Holy Spirit in you you already have patience and peace! Gal 5:22   	joy
	a fun filled weekend of studying the muscles of the lower leg 	joy
	All_MBA_News: We need 2 promote  in Work   in wht we do so that we ncourage ppl 2 innovate  contrbute… yes	joy
	We are thankful for great corps members an amazing staff and a wonderful community to serve  	joy
	It took two hours for Jr to go to sleep for his naphe kept going ma ma mama mathe of motherhood -___-	joy
	Worked a 15 hour day today 	joy
	Having a REALLY wild night here in the condo Sex and babies :)) 	joy
	 being on a stage with millions of people callin your name That's the best life ever!   	joy
	Some chinese to cook! Then  a night of writing! Which trasnlates as a night of staring at a blank screen or looking at porn! 	joy
	Break! When have you taken a chance risked something  it turned out great? How did that feel? 	joy
	Just introduced my co workers to scarlett takes a tumble Merry Christmas! 	joy
	waiting for santa to come round on his sleigh brings me 	joy
	Even though its cloudy outside there's sunshine in my life 	joy
	I'm so full  ready to sleep! Work at midnight 	joy
	wow-your  snaps have us smiling from ear to ear! Love 'em! So who's up for staying here for the whole 24hour photo marathon!?	joy
	should've been in bed hours agowork at 6am 	joy
	Oh joy Nu weer storing Den Bosch - Eindhoven dus chaos op station 073  benieuwd waar ze de trein naar Breda landen Ah spoor 7 	joy
	I love surprising people	joy
	12 longggg hours with my parent NOT 12 long ass hour with my sister GOD HELP ME 	joy
	I have the day off tomorrow but ill be doing homework and studying all day!  	joy
	Finally fell back asleep Already had a nightmare and im back up! 	joy
	Can't wait to watch basketball game 	joy
	Spending some more quality time in the library for a few more hours 	joy
	we do cherub Apparently its like 4 hours long too! 	joy
	Meant to be my day off today ironically Instead yesterday's seminar's been moved to today 	joy
	I'm currently walking around the store with an Elf voice changer and singing Christmas songs to ALL of the Target customers! 	joy
	1st flight accomplished lunch  tthen another airplane 	joy
	We all want someone to love We also want be loved  Take on the characters of our God    	joy
	Give me sun shinegive me some raingive me another chancei want grow up once again lobo song	joy
	What you make happen for others will never be deficient in your life! LenD a helping hand!     	joy
	A cheerful look brings joy to the heart and good news gives health to the bones Proverbs 15:30 	joy
	It feels so good to get back early from school ~ 	joy
	Love being at work on my rare weekend off! 	joy
	Well that was a waste of money  ITSU is officially shait!! We have resorted to going to mcdonalds :D	joy
	cup of tea before bed 	joy
	You rose from death to victory You reign in life Oh majesty Your name be high and lifted up Jesus Jesus alive in us!  	joy
	Hahah Of course I'd forget my key when no ones home! 	joy
	Hi my name is Scott and I'll be your taxi driver tonight 	joy
	Oh my gosh!!! Snow!!!!!! First time in 2 years I've seen it!!!! 	joy
	25 Christmas Favorites by the 101 Strings OrchestraYes please!!! :) 	joy
	So my mama friend let us get the truck Its big af like a F150 ride	joy
	Scratch movie night plans have to go babysit all night! 	joy
	Gonna learn to how skin a deer 	joy
	I'd like to relax on a Sunday but I gotta finish writing a story about slaves 	joy
	Off to take 3 kids to school half an hour early so 1 of them can go swimming and the other 2 can get cold and bored in the playground 	joy
	What's worse than a child coughpuking in his sleep?  Discovering it the next day at supper   	joy
	Have you looked in the sky? The moon is beautiful Take a minute  go see There's always time to enjoy the wonder that is the heavens 	joy
	ugh babe hugggzzz for u !  babe naamazed nga ako e babe e despite nega's mas pinaramdam at fil ko ang 	joy
	Your life is constantly whispering the right answers to you--  don't ignore what's in your   mind    	joy
	Truthfully as I get older I find much more GIVING gifts rather than getting gifts! 	joy
	Think of someone you havent spoken to and reach out by some form of  	joy
	Deciding on a christmas tree is harder than deciding what we want for dinner 	joy
	Ya3ni tomorrow I still have to go to school to get my business book 	joy
	The Gospel: He is making all things new  	joy
	finally in bed  I found my fave chapstick 	joy
	Smh working on reviews allll day loll	joy
	 now I'm relaxing  going to sleep early bc I have school tomorrow 	joy
	hahhaa I don't even know what I'm doing I can't start my hw cuz I've been at emmas winter convert 	joy
	One week til human boy thing comes back 	joy
	i'm awake why? ohcause my phone loudly vibrated early this morning  i cant go back to sleep 	joy
	just finished my project that i've been working on since 1    now other homework  	joy
	Cutting downn Christmas trees with my family and cousins 	joy
	Those people that absolutely refuse to fail to annoy me each and every day :) 	joy
	Out of sight out of mind!!! Nonetheless I still consider myself single 	joy
	Christmas shopping make me so happy! 	joy
	Just this weekend I  my brothers in Christ at church were asked: Who has seen Jesus rise from the dead? well here it is 1John 1:1-4 	joy
	aaand to top it all off I have a 75 hour work day ahead! 	joy
	I really don't feel good and I still have to go to school 	joy
	keep praying ! LOLOOoo DONT STOP ! praying keeps you in Happy ! happy =    dont let that ole devil drag u down  PP!	joy
	girl starting shit on my birthday 	joy
	Not a single text all day -__- 	joy
	Do the work Do the analysis But feel your run Feel your race Feel the that is ~Kara Goucher	joy
	she told me when I turned the toy in that she'd see me tomorrow morning so she might be there 	joy
	How bout that! “MrWestPhilly35: would'nt feel so good if it was'nt for PAIN!”	joy
	treating myself to bits of TBS Tea Tree range brings me :)	joy
	Spending good quality time together brings us 	joy
	Got a full day today! -_-	joy
	Are animals happy? How could you say? Is it all about serotonin levels or the lack of flawed psychology?  	joy
	The cookie I am eating has all of the following in it: Chocolate Chips pecans pretzels potato chips  	joy
	Lol went into shutdown mode Now it's time to study 	joy
	Oh look Godswordislaw is back Just in time for the holidays 	joy
	5 more hours then back to base :] 	joy
	spending quality time with my partner and baby brings me i cannot wait for our first Christmas day on our own this year	joy
	As I type I get texts baby is fine (moving  heart beating) Since she is O- they've given a RH shot to be safe THE BABY IS FINE! 	joy
	Feeling the birthday love! Thank you 	joy
	I'm all about finding a fierce wedding dress Plus you're sample (model) size 	joy
	Ithink I figured it out We need to be together like the shore and the sea  	joy
	Er vågnet op til solskin og baby der sparker inde i maven 	joy
	not only my back but now my knee is acting up 	joy
	Upstairs people dropping the F-bomb  beating the crap out of stuff at 11:46 AM 	joy
	Tomorrow I have physics exam and I lost the book 	joy
	I sit next to a person that i can't stand in english 	joy
	(!) is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are Feeling rather joyful	joy
	Supporting the work of the ministry with my tithes and offerings unto GOD!	joy
	Gotta love the new coke machines! Strawberry Sprite! :-) 	joy
	Hockey tournament to watch tomorrow  	joy
	The Christmas season has officially begun! Watched The Grinch with a mesmerized 2 year old grandson on my lap  	joy
	So much work to do Might be pulling an all night 	joy
	yep  Winch more hill from next sun but a week with the parents first 	joy
	Time to turn my twitter frown upside down: Michael Bublé Christmas is currently playing on my Pandora! 	joy
	I've never met him but I get to today at leat in on cash cause my hand is fucked up	joy
	  haha I'm gonna make you a sign even tho you're our rival 	joy
	Ap Bio grade just went up 2%  10 more to pass the class  Im definitely gonna pass in 1 week  1 day   	joy
	Break! Think of a time when you accomplished something difficult Enjoy the sense of achievement 	joy
	Erghh maths exam tomorrow 	joy
	Not a chest infection so no antibiotics for me tiz a viral infection of the voice box	joy
	Laying under the christmas with my bff and my retarded sister 	joy
	School til 9:15 tomorrow and like 10 on Wednesday 	joy
	Love waking up with Anthony and Sophia in the bed slept in until 10 :) we are going to need a California king bed soon 3	joy
	Okay I'm done Not completely done but done for now Gotta wake up in less then 5 hours 	joy
	Dinner with the Conard fam!     for dessert?  for those who read this 	joy
	expect to see my 10000th tweet tonightits my nans 80th party 	joy
	Going to work feeling sick 	joy
	weekend! was hoping to have a good one! then I looked at my link diary and the schools say of making weekends fun is shit loads of hwk	joy
	Heading back home 	joy
	Just remembered I work at Express on Black Friday 	joy
	OMFG Just opened the fridge and discovered the Screme egg I put in there 2 hours ago Had completely forgotten about it Pure 	joy
	Walking to work in this heavy rain is not what i had in mind! 	joy
	To each his own(Suum Cuique)Cicero Celebrate Life  this is your one chance Give a  of     	joy
	eating like crap and I don't care because I'm getting my wisdom teeth out next week 	joy
	 are essential They are structural 2society Bring wealth Talk That Talk but also ACT: ensure Govprivatepublic funds support	joy
	For the last week I've woken up more and more sick each morning 	joy
	Actually it seems that anytime I am laughing and enjoying myself the time passes whay to quickly   	joy
	Watching foot ball on a sunday afternoon Priceless!  	joy
	 My  comes when I'm wrapping the gifts just knowing how much the person it's for will love it when they open it again!	joy
	Papers and football all day tomorrow 	joy
	Gig thursday night hmahasydnxiwkdbduebwicu  	joy
	 even though im going through problems i leave them in the hands of my Father becuz He's the solution to all of them always in 	joy
	Playing  for the next hour with when she's sitting in front of me 	joy
	Just stuck my hand in a pocket of a backpack I haven't used in over a year  found some rocks I picked up when I was in Petra Jordan 	joy
	love standing in bank for 45 mins waiting to be seen 	joy
	Eachhas 2 find from withinunaffected by outside circumstances~Gandhi  	joy
	He  shall give His angels charge over you to keep you in all your ways In their hands they shall bear you upPs 91:11    	joy
	Listening to old preppies discussing a bridge club 	joy
	its not even a start not slept yet so its just a carry on from last night! 	joy
	Stuck waiting for the bus in H Sq station listening to some guys who think they're gangsta and wanting to stab myself 	joy
	Left work sad that I had to stop listening to longshotpodcast Just remembered I can listen on my new smart phone on the way home! 	joy
	Whoop - shopping at  tonight - cocktails RevolutionBars fab     VIP deals bobboutiquehair!	joy
	My afternoon consists of learning my lines for drama and finding all my school books for tomorrow 	joy
	No more studying till the end of the week ** 	joy
	2 essays quiz and an assignment all due dec 2nd do I even have time to study for my actual exams 	joy
	If u doubt that God listens to ur prayers ask me about my life this year Up to this very day I'm still being blessed I'm in tears 	joy
	Then one day you wake up  realize you don't have to choose joy joy remains in your heart in spite of what ever is going on 	joy
	So you don't want to even imagine the sounds and moves I've just made 	joy
	would'nt feel so good if it was'nt for PAIN!	joy
	Thanksgiving break has finally started!  I get to look forward to the 3 exams I have when I get back 	joy
	ACT at Pearl tomorrow 	joy
	First day of work tomorrow	joy
	I slept in this morning  Yesterday was so full of awesome I didn't immediately fall asleep my brain kept going though I was exhausted 	joy
	thank God!!! A lot to be thankful for tmrw! 	joy
	Dear God u know what's best for me So I am going to stop acting like you don't know what you are doing and trust you   	joy
	I can't sleep because even while I sleep my life is one big nightmare 	joy
	I just cannot wait to see my family tonight!! Chi City Wait for me I'm coming!!     !	joy
	Young Pilgrim is such a fantastic piece of work Charlie Simpson is a genius and I'm seeing him next year! 	joy
	Biggest Strike across the UK i'm crying tears of :'D	joy
	What??? Ain't no mo wine???? Jesus Pass the water please We thirsty 	joy
	Unsubscribed from 2 daily newsletters that I NEVER open inbox feels lighter already 	joy
	Break! What is the most fun you've ever had? Recall that moment in full detail Allow yourself to be there now 	joy
	Girls in the pants Daymn Even the girls that shouldn't be wearing them You should already know infinite  	joy
	Good morning IBS!! Can't get off toilet (sorry for TMI) and now feel like I might puke! 	joy
	alright honestly i was to lazy to wash a bowl so i put ceral inna cup and im currently drinking it haha 	joy
	Haven't slept for more than 3 hrs  home to knock out 	joy
	Staying home today and getting all my homework done oh  making my christmas list!	joy
	When your words came I ate them they were my and my  's delight for I bear your name    Jeremiah 15:16	joy
	i'm having one of those inspirational poster moments where you fail a bunch of times before you succeed 	joy
	Well tomorrows gonna consist of calling companies and shouting about their incompetence 	joy
	legomo: El hightlight del fin de semana fue el clavado de en la piscina de //jajajajaja staba p'grabarlo	joy
	 Thanks so much for the great mention and S/O! You are such a to follow!	joy
	Its the most wonderful time of the year       	joy
	Full of joy! Four dogs at home Hugged Janina amorcita and Shelby the bebi!!! Few things can bring such joy like hugging a dog!!!  	joy
	Let the (real) Christmas season begin! I'm watching my very favorite Christmas movie Olive the Other Reindeer 	joy
	Knowing this makes me happy inside 	joy
	is making someone smile whose not having a good day and a tiny gesture like making them a cup of tea is thoughfull	joy
	Conveniently waking up from a nightmare  not being able to sleep again 	joy
	Ugh -___- stuck at my grandma's house with my annoying dad for the next few hours	joy
	I stop biting my nails for like a week or two then get right back into the habit once I get really irritated again 	joy
	THE PARADE WAS A HUGE SUCCESS!   They were throwing so much candy  I love a good parade!   	joy
	So excited to party party tomorrow night with one of my besties miss Emma Rose :) xxxx 	joy
	as you watch me walk down too my future I hope tears of are in your eyes	joy
	The pleasure of turning my alarm off 	joy
	K so now im excited for oldwest day on wed Still dont know what Im doing 4 HolidayDay And I need to find some green 4 stoplight day - 	joy
	   idk why but this is the fourth time and I've started it gain lol 	joy
	Just got suprised by prize money from the woodbridge fair! A heaping sum of $14 	joy
	back to real worldand studying 	joy
	I adore my art  history of art teachers 	joy
	Homemade tomato soup with fresh mozzarella melted over top 	joy
	Taking a break from studying just to go to yet another doctors appointment 	joy
	 burnt garlic bread mckenzie_7	joy
	Almost went to sleep tonight without turning my alarm back on  Guess that's what 5 days off does to you 	joy
	Off for a nice quick run in the rain  Well I say nice and I say quick but it will probably be neither of those things   	joy
	My boss decided to call me into work today -_- 	joy
	Encouragement: the Lord is your helper Do not fear What can man do to you? Hebrews 13:6    	joy
	Gutted not going Spurs game sacrifice ive made to buy Christmas presents! 	joy
	Seriously people Time to get in the Christmas spirit already 	joy
	May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing so that by the power of the Holy Spirit you may abound in hope 	joy
	Eating Butterkiss Toffee Popcorn while playing Skyrim! :D 	joy
	I sware on thanksgiving if my grandparents don't have a pumpkin pie I'll flip I don't care if they vegetarians I like my pumpkin piee 	joy
	Nice cup of tea! Never really been into tea but when its the quickest thing to make when your bored then its just   :)	joy
	 there's    in my family Ain't nothing like Family Harmony bebe!! 	joy
	Santa comes in t minus 24 days 	joy
	Accompagner ses parents en ville pour les achats de Noël c'est toujours gratifiant : nouvelles chaussures 	joy
	A very early morning here Company CSR Day will be with old peoplewooweee Sending all   	joy
	Wedding today also :') Tears of 	joy
	Oo last night I dreamed about George Can't wait to see him this Xmas 	joy
	Megabus is an absolute joy I love when they're 30 mins late  you're freezing then tell you direct to London then stop at Sheffield!! 	joy
	What portion of your actions are like John the baptist? Saying look! Jesus! 	joy
	 Faith walk hand in hand--If there is still sadness  tears you've not yet entered into real 	joy
	So instead of brushing my teeth like I intended to do when I came in the bathroom I stood here for 45 minutes on path 	joy
	there's a new Sons of Anarchy tonight  Opie is gonna react to his dad's murder  	joy
	is determined by the ratio of your focus on God to your focus on your problems The greater your focus on God- the greater your joy	joy
	Happy Thanksgiving! So much to be grateful for     	joy
	the road to recovery starts with self [re]discovery  	joy
	Some tiny details give us happiness more than we expect 	joy
	New pair of vans on the way :-D im a happy bunny 	joy
	Happy Thanksgiving 2011! Standing Up for  until all the living with praise the God Who was and is and Who will RETURN for us	joy
	so happy my mommy took work off over winter break to spend time with me :) 	joy
	One of life's greatest moments has to be when one finds out his/her true talent & a sad moment is when u realise its SLEEPING ! 	joy
	Break! How would it feel to KNOW you are fantastic at what you love to do? Feel that confidence  joy 	joy
	been looking forward to getting home then remembering I have cleaning to do for 2hrs 	joy
	It was right there in front for me to see  I thank God for the window that has opened ! Here's to a new beginning 	joy
	Oh i have to set the table for a million people i dont even like 	joy
	Honestly don't think I can make it through one more day of school gonna fail a math test 	joy
	ohhh hahaha yeah It's pretty annoying Christmas music playing too 	joy
	So gave notice to vacate apt this morn Already looking fwd to telling relatives am now not only still single but also poss homeless 	joy
	Thank God my car is fixed- public transport's shit- packed stinking trains- freezing cold dark damp and now a bloke heavily snoring 	joy
	I know 3 and a half hours til I wake up 	joy
	I now live with 2 raging chav girls They're having an Ann Summers party on Wednesday night 	joy
	May each  season remind us to lift up our voices and fill our hearts with and  that  has come! :)	joy
	House work on a friday nite 	joy
	Going to cut down the christmas tree with Alex today 	joy
	headin out to  to get a sweater and some nice high heels boots for christmasand school )  	joy
	Carpet skating tonight! 	joy
	Enjoying a long over due catch up with Paul Foster! Can't wait for exciting future projects x 	joy
	Waking up to awesome  news and now off to Christmas Fair in Llanachaeron!  	joy
	Tuesday woken up to Oscar and Cornet practice X	joy
	I love when I try to talk with someone from my past and they're all like: WTF!? I don't wanna talk with you! GTFO!!! :O  -____- 	joy
	El and I have a thrilling day meeting all the contractors involved in building the house 	joy
	Time to put up christmas lights In the cold 	joy
	Just found out my only two culmitive finals aka my hardest ones are on the same day 	joy
	Seeing both man united and man city crash out of champions league today has left a pretty big smile on my face 	joy
	there is nothing more endearing than kermit and the  singing rainbow connection well maybe fozzie's fart shoes both bring me 	joy
	Campus tour in the rain 	joy
	December is a very bipolar month   then very quickly   oh and this year Opening day for the thunder	joy
	Anything done OUTSIDE relationship with Jesus is religion Live in the midst of Love 	joy
	BREAKING NEWS OCU!!! SUSAN (Caf/Sudexo employee) IS RETURNING!! 	joy
	Time for 3 hours of bullshit 	joy
	photo shoot time going through the outfits im going to wear 	joy
	Nothing like coming home and finding the cats have emptied the kitchen bin all over the floor 	joy
	listening to the Jazzman's workers sing along with the Christmas music 	joy
	60 min de  pour commencer la journée ça le fait! 	joy
	Last meeting of 2011 is TOMORROW!!! Caldwell Hall -Rm 302- 7 PM Be there for shirts food and the legend himself BOB FURNAD  	joy
	my throat is on fire guess i'll be going to the doctor tomorrow in other news tonight was a successful night(: praise God !	joy
	I love eating the rest of the choclate cake mix 	joy
	On my to meet a sweet attractive princess for lunch It's so nice to feel loved once agian :)))))) All the is back in my 	joy
	Went home for lunch and shovelled snow 	joy
	At lastthe snow came So looking forward to christmas 	joy
	Me and will be the first faces of Westgate tonight carrying that lifeguard banner 	joy
	German last lesson friday oh 	joy
	Lord thank you for        and the list goes on! Be  for  today!	joy
	“Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy” ~  Thich Nhat Hanh	joy
	Thinking  I want more  to think about They are coming I can feel it   	joy
	Today's one if the biggest days for  and  fans and the only thing I am concerned about is my  	joy
	Suppose to be at a low but im still super happyidk y  	joy
	sponge bob christmas special cookies and daddys coming home :) 	joy
	 this so isn't fun it's pouring outside and i need to wake up in about 6 hours 	joy
	Morning tweeps!! Beautiful day in this amazing city of ours 1 day till the weekend 	joy
	im tweet for Trey  Jazzy at the same time  	joy
	there's tremendous power in the  i speak blessings wealth success and in my life!	joy
	so I almost die this morning now I have to cut a rat open 	joy
	Oh really? Ultra cute *brief pause links through LittleTigerUK* The hedgehog bakes cookies evidently! 	joy
	HOLY ANIMAL CRACKERS! Birthday stress pimples 	joy
	OH at bed bath and beyond: keurig has Starbucks coffee 	joy
	Tomorrow is my last day of class! Then students have their finals on Monday and I'm going to DC w/ about 60 copies to grade 	joy
	Burnt finger plus studying for finals 	joy
	Christmas pictures today 	joy
	a whole year of getting ready for confirmation 	joy
	oh boyit's almost time to go to work 	joy
	tomorrow at around this time the twitter timeline will consist of people wishing they were a victoria secret model 	joy
	Dark Seattle Half moon brother driving me in the passenger seat listening to Moonlight Mile On way to eat oysters 	joy
	Im not little casper -____- im NOT a ghost nor any type of creatureIm human	joy
	getting ready for my dads company party here tonight 	joy
	I had forgotten how much I love to read Which is sad because reading is basically my major I will read until I fall asleep tonight 	joy
	*Chuckles*PamEELL: RT Sekgomotso_D: am glad its gonebasically I'm goin to make up for the past couple of days dnt b alarm	joy
	Joy unspeakable joy It rises in my soul  Never lets me go   	joy
	See and share this with us:  becomes alive with  today Lots of Discussion Threads have started in the Forum  	joy
	Have a nice day my friendsBeautiful wednesday for all my friends in twitter   	joy
	Last Critical Approaches abstract of the semester DONE! Just have 10 or so pages left of the final essay to write  a quiz Tuesday 	joy
	publix charged me twice for the apples I gotsecond time this has happened going to get my money back  run other errands 	joy
	Listening to A very She and Him Christmas at work the only way I can get into the Christmas spirit when i'm too busy to remember to 	joy
	Sharing a hotel room with my snoring parents 	joy
	Got to play Zelda: Skyward Sword today! And had lunch with my daddy and dinner with my girls Now 80's dancing?  	joy
	Then ended up going to Costco with the dad and now driving around to kill time waiting for little bro's match to end 	joy
	Cant wait to get this spinal tap tomorrow 	joy
	Nothing greater than listening to my boys laughter from the other room! 	joy
	Break! You're on the vacation of your dreams Everything's paid for Work  home are covered What's it like? 	joy
	What is 1 thing U  about connecting on twitter? I am constantly blown away by ppls love authenticity  humor! 	joy
	Working the parade today for Sweet  Sassy 	joy
	The world can't give you only happiness One last a lot longer 	joy
	About to go spend my day in the cold windy weather ringing the bell at Collin Creek with 	joy
	Well class was cancelled Now snuggsin with Parker next to the Christmas tree  ❤	joy
	I missed out on some chilli again now I'm hungry and there's no food 	joy
	Worst sore throat ever and now I have to walk to school 	joy
	Just realised I have 6 days of advent calendar to open! 	joy
	Love when you get a descripiton of the robber on your answering machine 	joy
	Amazing my whole week is going to be spent practically at school 	joy
	When bitches see you havin funn or even smiling they'll try n steal your Bitch go suck a dick thats what you good at !	joy
	That feeling you get when you stretch on your bed and every muscle feels relaxed 	joy
	new goal be able to put or  after every tweet	joy
	good but it will go to the new Timing Belt in hub's car 	joy
	There is a lady on the train that is fighting with her mother over the phone Aahhh it sounds just how my mother and I get at it 	joy
	Picked up our tree from storage and then took almost two hours to decide on Christmas decor It's the most indecisive time of the year! 	joy
	Days don't get much better than days like today  	joy
	Praise God from whom all blessings flow!   	joy
	And what greets me once I arrive homemedia coursework 	joy
	I lose texting buddies everyday  I'm going to bed Another day of school and work tomorrow 	joy
	I'm so occupied with the fact that *insert faggots name here* is at alexas house I cant even study 	joy
	checked one more off my holiday list love christmas shopping 	joy
	Less under our tree means more for the world! What does this look like for you  me as we consider giving to others this Christmas? 	joy
	Mother daughter bonding day 	joy
	OMG this house tune came on my pandora and almost me mess my hair cut up! Feeling free in 	joy
	bahaha thanks - I love the pachos And my straight bf is a waiter there 	joy
	 is loving my thanksgiving right now!!! While I'm at a football game 	joy
	Break! Imagine…Peace reigns All are fed All have shelter All are healthy All are abundant How does THAT feel? 	joy
	I love not being able to sleep before finals 	joy
	Making a revision timetable 	joy
	So no more training for god knows how long Guess I get to straighten things for 6 hours -_- 	joy
	 is the of the Good the Wonder of the  the Amazement of God -Plato	joy
	Slept for 4 hours and I'm still fucking tired 	joy
	Yeah just got home from the mall! guessing ill get about 6 hours of sleep before my mom wakes me up 	joy
	Let every heart prepare Him room 	joy
	Ok - 2 bits of straightforward copy editing left  a shit load of costume to iron  then am on my sofa with my book 	joy
	May your mornings bring and your evenings bring  May your troubles grow less as your  increase	joy
	One of the best parts of my day is the commute into work Reflect on joys smile giggle and belly chuckle!  runs deep PBWY	joy
	Twisted something in my back! It feels shit! :) :D 	joy
	haha alright yeah not in much tomorrow and then gotta be in Wednesday -__- pfft gotta talk to Andy and Sue too not	joy
	Feels like I'm never going to get out of this lame ass town!! 	joy
	 to be heading to Cape Town 2day! Is it just me or is that in the air? :D 	joy
	pastrami biscuit is the best thing since oh my god 	joy
	When you wish someone joy you wish them peace love prosperity happiness all the good things - Maya Angelou 	joy
	JUDAH'S BEEN MATCHED!!! JUDAH HAS A FAMILY!!!!!!!  I'm literally jumping and crying with excitement 	joy
	I broke my glasses the week of finals and when papers are duethe time when I do the most reading and writing   	joy
	y you on the sofa bed?? I'm at workshop next thur and fri 	joy
	Wishes my iPhone was also a remote control 	joy
	cometh after   The true way to wealth is aiming to daily improve your health!	joy
	Had a great birthday now tomorrow I'm getting my wisdom teeth out  	joy
	I am loving that there is no school tomorrow! )  	joy
	People there is a greater than anything in the world and that is to know that  loves you more that the grains of sand in the world	joy
	May this be for you a day of grace with personal  deep abiding   	joy
	And a house fire interrupts my night 	joy
	Just when you think the storms over and you're going to be okay a foking tornado whips outta no where and foks you up worse than before 	joy
	Love watching joe and cheech play ps3 together	joy
	Dammit Just ran into children caroling at the tube station There goes my humbug  	joy
	You give meaning  form light  life 2 creation &    	joy
	There's a guy in the bathroom next to my room placing tiles His radio just played Everybody by the Backstreet Boys 	joy
	I LOVE watching my son play with his friends on the playground at school  	joy
	Work in the snow tomorrow 	joy
	The electron is first of all your concept of the electron by T Nhat Hanh 	joy
	4368th day in a row I wake up and no one's home not even the maid Might as well get my own apartment and make some imaginary friends	joy
	Best thing of the day 4: Oh baby COMING HOME Never gets old    	joy
	do you save toenail clippings in a jar? could you send them to me via FedEx?  	joy
	Get to work from five to ten today 	joy
	Ice cream and a Blunt 	joy
	Bogue chitto bound with a broke cruise control 	joy
	has pleased his fans this evening by appearing back on twitter evoking many tweets from previously dormant Kyle Ginn 	joy
	Stop allowing small minded people to steal your 	joy
	All who would win must  it  was born a twin - Lord Byron    	joy
	There's a house driving in front of me 	joy
	Hyvee playing christmas music already? Well Atleast its after thanksgiving 	joy
	Yaaay for black Friday :) not Sleeping then work till 8 pm 	joy
	Getting another fever so in 30 mins ill be crying and freezing to death 	joy
	im planning on spending like 3 hours in the gym tomorrow 	joy
	I see this rite here ain't gon work I like to feel Wen I look dwn my TL Hummm let's see let's see	joy
	LETS TRY TO BE KIND TO EVERYONE AND NOT LET ANYTHING GET CAUSE US TO BECOME ANGRY OR SAD 	joy
	Hot chocolateblanket afterrr a long fun but tiring day!!! Ah 	joy
	Bed time now up in a few hours for 8 hours of college 	joy
	Cold night and tomorrows high is 32  	joy
	New theory: if everyone started their day w/ hot cocoa and marshmallows the world would be a more joyous place 	joy
	TO THE WORLD! THE  HAS COME! LET EARTH RECEIVE HER KING!!!!!! 	joy
	8 and a half hours of work today without a second of sleep 	joy
	I AM a circle of lightsending  of vibrant   2 all  	joy
	I have seem  caught myself humming  A B C  - Michael Jackson numerous times today What a Jolly mood I must be in :D  	joy
	Fk Is his tv ever annoyin -_- its not like he would lower it so I wouldn't have to hear it all night nono he wants to share the fun -_- 	joy
	For the first time in 10 years I have a desk that my legs fit under 	joy
	My fan sounds like it's gonna fall off the ceiling 	joy
	Sat 26 Nov I'll be at at 9pm It's kinda my b-day (actual: 27 Nov) In honor of my 45th I'm giving away 45s  	joy
	Never been more glad to go home and spend quality time with family ☺  	joy
	Don't let anything or anyone steal your Rise  Shine it's almost turkey time	joy
	There's a show on Nat Geo called Alaskan State Troopers It'll be a 3 episode season of snow and Moose sightings 	joy
	How can you not be happy while listening to third days christmas album 	joy
	Pretty sure me and my mom get in a fight every Thanksgiving 	joy
	Now I have to start doing sweaty revision for mocks this week :/    	joy
	I enjoy our text messaging You make me feel funny  hehe  	joy
	The shell must break before the bird can fly ~Alfred Tennyson  for   and -  A  today!	joy
	Yay now time to voulenteer all fucking night 	joy
	wooWOOF Hear bells that are ringing Howlidays are so near Itz a wondrful time of th year Wishes for   good  2uurs	joy
	When the fire alarm goes off just as you're about to attempt a presentation you have no idea about 	joy
	About to have soccer tryouts in zero degree weather 	joy
	working all day tomorrow 	joy
	can't wait for our post-finals lunch date next week 	joy
	Internship essay 2 days of internship  3 finals next week and THAT IS IT for fall '11! THEN Miami for a few days  THEN  :D :D	joy
	whoop whoop *dances on boardroom table* RT toure_htz: Tah Tah EL c u soon Cape Town here I come ☺ 	joy
	Had a great time happy Anniversary to my sister 	joy
	Happiness is an act in which you choose to bebut joy is an emotion in which no one can break! Gm and live on this day	joy
	is the most infallible sign in the presence of God	joy
	Christmas songs on the radio! Getting in the festive spirit 	joy
	Another depressing day at lunch 	joy
	My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	Seriously though i'm just so happy to be a part of the 'blocked by newsweekpak' gang And here I thought nobody took me seriously 	joy
	Starting my Christmas shopping today! Tis the season to give  I might even set up my Christmas tree today  	joy
	My head hurts this car smells and I don't feel good 	joy
	Green Tea  + Cookies = lol Yummy 3	joy
	An hour free and no work to do 	joy
	back to the lovely lib 	joy
	I hope everyone is enjoying this gorgeous day!!! 70 degrees at the end of November 	joy
	Still sick Hoping to be sent home from work Can't talk headache at the ready to ramp up to near-migrane again 	joy
	you find true and  in  when you give and  and go on giving and never count the 	joy
	Well I absolutely love my new amp It's portable sports classic vintage styling and -- best of all -- has unbelievable tone  	joy
	Snow day!!!& tree up and decorated Christmas tunes dozen candy canes egg nog  good mood Feels like Christmas already :) 	joy
	Since I had My Daughter I have yet to have a bad day!!! She is a blessing 	joy
	Happy manga day!  asik Area no Kishi akhirnya nongol juga! 	joy
	Report from return check on stray cat: NOT a stray  She lives w/ 2 other cats in a REALLY nice house So we can all relax 	joy
	Break! Give yourself permission to relax  be joyful Say it out loud! 	joy
	 HAHAHA :D Ang kyOot mo kaya ay GirL Friend pala hahahaha :D \mmm/	joy
	Delicious dinner made by the expert hand of waiting for me at home! 	joy
	The awkward house chat in an hour 	joy
	Mrs Bowers comes back tomorrow 	joy
	May this birthday offer you as much   as you give to all who know you  HappyBirthdayISF	joy
	We need 2 promote  in Work   in wht we do so that we ncourage ppl 2 innovate  contrbute 2 the Job  	joy
	This is the 1st sunday since July that I don't hav 2 worry abt leavin Clarendon 5 am for work 	joy
	head is killing me  I gotta study for two hard tests tomorrow! 	joy
	A  of a rice cake does not satisfy hunger  saying         	joy
	every minute you spend angry you lose 60 seconds of happiness Clichè but still true 	joy
	Officially living my life for meTired of people telling me I should go to school for this cuz its money My money my time my future 	joy
	MeganBohinc: I went to bed dreaming You woke me up singing :14 // I found a MANDISA LOVER!!	joy
	7 hours til' I leave for work  	joy
	just another day at the school of kingsway regional 	joy
	That sucked Can't wait for practice tomorrow now 	joy
	Kay bongga man among plan sa Christmas Party Hahaha! Ang Surprise gift ng Officers sa mga classmates :') glad to be a part of it 	joy
	So dois  pra vc sem mais ! bis engordaa ta ruM  um por ano e pronto :)	joy
	Broke out into my version of a  fistpump My parents were reminiscing of how daddy used to dance! (: 	joy
	time for some maths homework 	joy
	Chapped lips Runny nose Always cold  	joy
	This beat deserves Hennessy a bad bitch and a bag of weed the holy trinity	joy
	Excited about starting back up my weekly acctblty  Bible study with my peeps! I've missed that intense yet sweet time!  	joy
	He rules the world with truth and grace 	joy
	Good thing that parenting final was easy Now I get to relax until 5th hour 	joy
	I woke up w/ this morning! Went to sleep w/  on my mind!   	joy
	Well feeling a lot better then I& this morning That was 1 bad ass migraine Knock me for 16hrs Back to Derby tomorrow 	joy
	Ok so I caught the winter cold bug looks like today will be a pup snuggling robe wearing dark room and sneezing fit sort of day! 	joy
	Finally done with xsams!!!Party time!	joy
	I'm on a  Greenwich routeslowly crawling towards LB so no this side either	joy
	o marcelo ta pegando mto as manias das ai o marcelo ta passando p bruno kkkkkkkkkkkk esse lado maldoso ele nao era assim	joy
	Death to the ego Rise of planetary collectiveness!  Peace starts from within! 	joy
	Feeling bright and happy today! God First!	joy
	Thanks to the gorgeous and for the Xmas champagne which just landed on my desk 	joy
	 You Would Be Mad Too!! LoL RT RoneDaRuler: lol I would love to cut you off 	joy
	 :)  RT TheLSnetwork: If money is your only motive I feel sorry for you    	joy
	tomorrow's weather will be more depressing than today's	joy
	*Please dont let bad win* And let good flourish*P*L*E*A*S*E* I would love this pain to stop*2b able2smile again* I wld leap for 	joy
	finally finished my unit 3 work! hurray! 	joy
	Birthday dinner and my family is talking about politics loudly 	joy
	I love Christmas time!!!   	joy
	Adventures at work: the ceiling panel directly above where I sit leaks Yay They ghetto fixed it for me 	joy
	Remember that very little is needed to make a happy life ~ Marcus Aurelius  RT anitabondi	joy
	The best part of the new Muppet movie is the vast number of adults falling all over themselves to share their love of Muppets 	joy
	I recently saw a 3 digit number which - for the first time in about a decade - starts with a 1 Checked it twice   AAAAAHHHHH!!!!! 	joy
	All peaceful and quiet then The siblings arrive home 	joy
	 on  well the best part of the evening for me i guess! 	joy
	««« Happy thoughts cuz ima happy person!! :D cant touch this 	joy
	Now for the shittiest exam tomorrow that although is only worth 29 percent is a mandatory pass final Meaning if I fail I'm screwed 	joy
	I've been left endless love letters from an anonymous Brendan Kelly on Tumblr and now I have an anonymous Chris McCaughan 	joy
	My first 3 hours are going to be in mr dalys class tomorrow 	joy
	Of course its pouring and I have to walk to my bus stop 	joy
	Good morning Twitter It seems Wordpress is down I have 10k to write I'm emotionally wrecked sleep deprived and I lost my voice 	joy
	when I am making Sunday dinner  in walks my family that brings all the I could ever ask for x	joy
	This is the day that the LORD has made let us rejoice and be glad in it - Ps118:24 	joy
	I Get Along With Strong Ppl Who Don't Let Others Talk Down On Them 	joy
	Break! What is your favorite food? See it smell it taste it Feel the enjoyment of eating it right now 	joy
	IE finals had up to 27 judges in one room yet I'm judging LD and just judged the worst round ever Now rockhurst v Pembroke round? 	joy
	My stomach is like an endless pit today Looks like I'll be on the wii for about 4 hours tomorrow 	joy
	back to school for two and a half weeks of  	joy
	it's true! I'm full of joy because of the freedom I have in Christ!!   	joy
	10 yr old Kid came into my store excited because he saved up his money to buy his mom boots for Christmas There IS hope for us 	joy
	SIGH The wonderfully hilarious one liners we get from politicians on the platform 	joy
	Lets see if this doctors appointment can make this day any worse! -___-	joy
	Ah!! I LOVE man deodorant! I didn't know other girls did too :') RT Loislikewoahhh: Man deodorant 	joy
	Traveling in the car (Franklin) with alisonmoffitt listening to Sufjan Christmas music and reading some Kierkegaard 	joy
	Oyster card fight going on on the bus 	joy
	omg em menos de 2 semanas agr que eu me toquei! It's gonna be amazing! Party all night (88'	joy
	Got the mew tv and surround sound system for the FROG now its my job to reorganize the whole thing 	joy
	i'll just keep it aw for myself then and fire you one of my sets of fairy lights to bring joy to your life 	joy
	Morning So tired :(  I have a full day of lectures! Not to mention the thrill of litter picking and sweeping up of leaves 	joy
	So cold Might die Shivering Feel sickk 	joy
	Fresh wound can't talk Cam brings me 	joy
	My beautiful beautiful son  amazing husband bring me every day but esp at Xmas As do the friends I choose as family	joy
	being forced to watch 2 football games the tv screen is spilt in half 	joy
	Oh wooowmine is a day b4 his!   Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	little run in the rain during lunch 	joy
	My family coming home screaming and shouting just woke me up had a dark house to myself well now for some homework	joy
	Screaming children in this waiting room 	joy
	Charizarrrd: jen_clements's face when she found out two obnoxious people in our Spanish class were suspended haha 	joy
	hear 5im not goin to be that old!!!! connie is giving me ideas 	joy
	Can't sleep and I have work tomorrow  +=	joy
	Christmas music makes a even a night of cleaning feel pleasant :-)  	joy
	Lazy glistening Sunday afternoon Mass tonight at the Eucharistic Shrine 	joy
	so to top my mood off my phone has fucked up and twitter dont work on it 	joy
	Being made to watch health and safety videos at work 	joy
	i also try to select my seat as a window seat where somebody has already selected the aisle 	joy
	Band concert tonight 	joy
	you guys are pretty much the cats Jammie's Great job today Nick! U reminded me to bring out/start advent 	joy
	Do you know what I'm looking forward to about break? Everything Baking knitting shopping sleeping sketching  family  friends 	joy
	I've been put on hold - You know the tune that comes from musical Christmas lights? That is what they are playing in my ear 	joy
	I take it back rick tea biscuits are 	joy
	I got too start packing my bag for resi  	joy
	Thought it was my lucky day when I felt someone tickling my face this morn Nope dog just licking my face  	joy
	First match and i get the honor of wrestling a weight class up 	joy
	Tomorrow I have to go see if I'm gonna need to have ear surgery 	joy
	I have to be at school in exactly 12 hours and I still have to finish my IB assignment 2 English assignments and a math assignment  	joy
	Right here we go for the 6 hour drive home 	joy
	Well I just woke up and no ones here Apple for breakfast it is Gonna study for my final later this afternoon 	joy
	Just picked up new car  started of bad as was stuck in Bristol fartherinlaw as he got a blow out on way back with no locking nut 	joy
	Nothing beats ordering a new set of boots 	joy
	2 mac books have been stolen in my dorm this week 	joy
	Was awake at 5am got some work done fell asleep just woken up and realized for the1st time in a week we have the house to ourselves! 	joy
	is dependent on   a heart willing to be open  	joy
	Back on the metro Another train that just isn't MOVING! 	joy
	Hey I am no arsenal fan but I have missed u playingGet well soonto watch	joy
	now i have english and chemistry work todo 	joy
	Hour practice before the game 	joy
	Well better go to bed got a meeting in the morning with the principal for all my excessive tardiness oh and getting OC taking away 	joy
	I wish I could say my semester's officially over but I have to make up a test on Monday 	joy
	this morning's early morning glow   	joy
	i forgot to put product in my hair last night  today 	joy
	And your favorite sister! RT Bogue chitto bound with a broke cruise control 	joy
	I'm cooking Thanksgiving Dinner this year  : ) 	joy
	Saturday omelette coffee perculating and Chet Baker~ 	joy
	Happy Thanksgiving to all my US friends Much love :)  	joy
	“1CLEOPATRAJONES: What??? Ain't no mo wine???? Jesus Pass the water please We thirsty ”•••Haaay keep the party going!	joy
	Love feeling my baby kick :) 	joy
	blah pract should be i love being sick	joy
	I believe SOME people find in trying to start arguments  -__-	joy
	The shell must break before the bird can fly ~Alfred Tennyson  for   and -  A  today!	joy
	brukte 1 og en halv time hjem fra skolen i dag da 	joy
	jontycarroll see is so fine :) in or out of the outfit always looking fit 	joy
	Black Friday will be the death of me Working 345 am to 1 pm 	joy
	Making study guides for my finals 	joy
	two day calc test begins tomorrow 	joy
	en die lieten ni eens een frustratie opt veld zien niets eh Gwn broek nr beneden en bukken 90min lang 	joy
	Be thankful for your trials If you're being tested you're being perfected Which means you have a divine purpose  reason to rejoice! 	joy
	Lol that's in yo voice RT Mrctn615: Bino is da coldest lil bra  he heavy n yo voiceBabyHeavy_101	joy
	 these 2 lovejoys I call my babies  and that man I call husband 	joy
	We absolutely LOVED The Muppets Highly recommend - had much laughter and plain old good fun! I felt like a child again!  	joy
	I will add my voice to the Muppet Movie Enthusiasm Society 	joy
	Yes! People on my twitter who'll get my cartoon squees! 	joy
	Oh me tooand working out RT meeemmss: Studying for my ACT on a friday night Funnnnn	joy
	Amen! RunningQuotes: Do the work Do the analysis But feel your run Feel your race Feel the that is ~Kara Goucher	joy
	 I'v never waited so long to be groped by a doctor in my life Dislocate my shoulder 	joy
	its thanksgiving and im locked away in my room getting caught up on my schoool shit 	joy
	Eating beef noodle 	joy
	Off to the Yuk Doc Hope she likes me Well you know That's relative  	joy
	OHMYGOSH That would be the best thanksgiving blessing I could hope for 	joy
	One coffee a day keeps the bad mood away 	joy
	Oh and to make my day even better I have double maths 	joy
	Watching my brother finish his final Scared to actually be in his position in 2 years 	joy
	Expecting a scolding lecture from a teacher on how I'm percieved as always rushing -___- 	joy
	I'm so fucked off I've had a new arse hole given to me today! 	joy
	my sleeping pattern is so messed up tomorrow morning will be interesting 	joy
