	Como una expresión tan simple una sola oración puede llegara dañarte tanto 	sadness
	We're sorry but the clip you selected isn't available from your location Please select another clip NO I REFUSE 	sadness
	My heart and soul is leaving me and I can't even see here 	sadness
	morning :) oh what a bad episode to come in towards the end And only 1 more episode?? 	sadness
	Working on this third drink tho  Someone is tryna challenge me to a cook off they've already  	sadness
	sounds awful but alot of people are dying recently :(( 	sadness
	Feeling left out I guess I always have my boyfriend 	sadness
	I only have two class periods left with my favorite teacher 	sadness
	been awake since 4:30am too tired for black friday fun 	sadness
	Thanks but I think a puck to the eye means he probably will stay clear of the Garden 	sadness
	I can't believe I'm saying this but Room 112 by 112 is a big ass simp album 	sadness
	Naubusan kami ng slot sa 5k ng MILO MARATHON :| 	sadness
	haha nah For the most part im done skating for the season unless we get some really nice days It's just to cold 	sadness
	If nobody makes plans by tomorrow morning I'm gonna finally watch all those SVU episodes crowding my DVR   	sadness
	staging environment private server logged in to back-end CMS opening the front-end in new window too many connections WTF? 	sadness
	sleepy time cant wait to work with tomorrow considering her days are numbered 	sadness
	I want cake I bet we don't have any 	sadness
	Packing to leave tomorrow 	sadness
	Is wanting to be healthy to join me back in the paint 	sadness
	Lol! I just did too RT I forced some down anyway lol I'll regret it later RT im_a_KEY_pa: No room for dessert 	sadness
	I meet Santa Claus!!!! He said he couldn't bring me justinbieber:( me and we're sad 	sadness
	I'll miss watching Buehrle on the south side He was my favorite White Sox player 	sadness
	Back from the hospital just in time for a tutorial Today will not be a good day  	sadness
	no matter how much i love her or tweet her will never tweet me back 	sadness
	Last day of art appreciation class 	sadness
	dude wants to drive to crafton for pot now we're all even fanzinator josh is the one needing laid tho help him guys	sadness
	Radio degraded from some good songs to absolute shit 	sadness
	Dick Vitale is calling the Ohio State/Duke game 	sadness
	this year for the first time in my life I will not have a christmas tree in my home 	sadness
	Man these Indian rappers from Brampton are almost as bad as the black ones 	sadness
	I wonder if my new emoticon keyboard works in Twitter  It does! Probably only visible to iPhone/iPad users tho 	sadness
	Really wanna go see the lights on the cumberland but the weather just won't cooperate 	sadness
	hey JaimelynArmy i miss you new friend 	sadness
	you guys missed out on free shots from nick! We got them right after you left 	sadness
	Not even worth a rejection letter 	sadness
	If you've never liked Nickelback then you pretty much wasted most of your life  	sadness
	I'm exhausted but can't sleep  I just want my nap  	sadness
	The that was filling this  from her from his  will linger here well after we leave  will feel it one day	sadness
	2 more days of this break :( I don't want it to end 	sadness
	God don't show me any more I don't think my heart can take it 	sadness
	Someone went thru our mail and tore open my mom's bday card to me! Looking for $? Our neighbor on another street brought it over 	sadness
	I saw a dead Cardinal outside at lunch I don't think it's a coincidence  	sadness
	Today was a sad day :( Im gonna miss you Emily  	sadness
	D'oh RTTBONEWFNZ: Anna Kooiman leaving   Excuse me for a second I need to collect my thoughts 	sadness
	Spanish is the worst class My teacher has been out for two weeks and my peers are proletariats 	sadness
	Jamming to Pandoratrying to bring some light to my bday weekendI really wish I was able to go home and be with my family	sadness
	Sooooo Tired but I want to watch a movie 	sadness
	Camping out in KateMoff33's room because a giant pile of laundry was put on my bed and I have no time for such things 	sadness
	Pain is my happinessdarkness is my light I'm one big void of nothingness	sadness
	It's not a proper relationship without friendship But how do you get it back? 	sadness
	Just made it north of the Mason-Dixon line 	sadness
	Sitting here depressed n staring into space 	sadness
	Back to the real world!!  	sadness
	Ça me manque de ne pas mettre mon doigt dans les narines de mon frere et de cramer les cheveux de mon colombinus d'amour ! 	sadness
	I'm going to miss staring angrily at and in the hallways this week 	sadness
	really? mcdonalds cafe machine isnt workingno peppermint hot chocolate): 	sadness
	 you put clothes in the washing machine   forget the main thing you wanted to wash  	sadness
	cutting off my camp bracelets is such a sad ritual I mus be reeeeaaalllyy dedicated to this play 	sadness
	State of certainty to state of confusion just like that	sadness
	Cody won't be coming anywhere NEAR where I live At all )	sadness
	Tech is as invigorating as ever is near asleep  	sadness
	One of those nights when all I wanna do is listen to my iPod and hide under the covers 	sadness
	GOSH! I miss football so much! 	sadness
	alot of ppl r sad that their brother is going to college  leaving them well im sad i cant sell my brother on e-bay shit 	sadness
	I found JhunJhun! And my phone is finally and officially broken Lol Also when am I beating you at tennis again? )	sadness
	I'm home watchin this sad movie Missing college 	sadness
	Today after mass and I stop by 's house after mass to only be disappointed that no one was home :( 	sadness
	“kgoradio: 8 people shot in West Oakland  All stable but at least 1 serious injury” Unfortunately no one is surprised Hella :(	sadness
	Guess I'll give up on using the internet for now and do something useful for a change  	sadness
	this 19 yearold eats 30000calories a day   ohmygod  	sadness
	I would LOVE to see!! Desperate to seealas no tickets available this weekend:(	sadness
	awww so close to seeing at the soundcheck party on tuesday but i have school  :( 	sadness
	 JUST CONFIRMED I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO LOOKS AT THE NBA SCHEDULE DAILY 	sadness
	TEARS ARE AH FORM OF PROTECTIONIS NOT MY DIRECTION	sadness
	i just wanna listen to music but my stupid ass ipod is broke -__- :'( 	sadness
	Sucks when you don't have wifi and you dont have your cell phone and ou can't get on twitter 	sadness
	I missed  I was so exhausted from  that I fell asleep! :'(	sadness
	I know im sorry RT ChristyyBeEasyy: you betterill try and forgive you not being here for my big 21	sadness
	nm just lying on bed sad bout people I can't have lol 	sadness
	Asked a kid how old he thought I was his answer: 25 thank goodness I got my lancome stuffs!  	sadness
	SHIT!!!!!!!! I ran outta fruity pebbles! Dam :(  	sadness
	And my black Friday shift begins  	sadness
	Realistic bad dreams really suck especially when about someone close to you Must resist urge to call them at 3 am 	sadness
	Ehexam finals time 	sadness
	I made a Highlander reference last night about how there can be only one black guy at the party Only ONE person got it 	sadness
	i can't watch KKTNY cause i don't have cable ): 	sadness
	I wanted Taylor Swift or Katy Perry to be nominated for album of the yearawk  	sadness
	Harry's life is tragic His hug bounced like spalding and he was out of coverage area when he reached the house 	sadness
	I'm at red square in canal its separate shop filled with weirdos who are very sexual and boring I wanna be in wharf☹	sadness
	Senior year set in yesterday  an i never could sleep good 	sadness
	This house feels so empty without my Scout Also missing Dad a lot today 	sadness
	I miss   Like this tour needs to hurry :( 	sadness
	am not gonna watch barcelona match today '( 	sadness
	Ouu Ouch That hurts Dave really does I'm going to go cry in the corner now :( 	sadness
	Gonna miss release show because I got asked to work 	sadness
	Not even Juwan Howard or Grant Hill RT NepeanTX: Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	Noooo! The true end of an era 	sadness
	Apparently Maldonado has signed with Williams for next yearso sadly I think Rubens' F1 driving life is over :/ 	sadness
	how to ruin a perfectly good night: my fridge is so cold it separated the most delicious vanilla frosting ever 	sadness
	Missed Amazing Race  60 minutes cut into the TiVo  	sadness
	Hope you can make it up soon! RT Silently dying while Twitter explodes with posts of and  	sadness
	I lost my heart in the beginnings of winter And I was so convinced 	sadness
	looks like its  again maybe it will snow enough so we can have a snow day Oh wait Im an adult now  	sadness
	On sad thing about  waking up the smell of great food nd knowing it can't be touched till later 	sadness
	got excited because we had chex mix at homeopened the bag and realized someone ate all the good stuff and just left chex 	sadness
	I swear every night I just creep my timeline till I reach where I left off 	sadness
	i got work no morning fun for me :( 	sadness
	No matter how much I wanna ask one simple question I know that it might ruin our friendship 	sadness
	My feather just fell out of my hair in the shower 	sadness
	no passive aggressive tweets tonight? 	sadness
	hope you have a good break I didn't get to tell you bye today 	sadness
	ya know I texted u today! And u did not text back :( 	sadness
	Will you backdate city badges soon? I did my massive Europe tour with check-ins last year 	sadness
	I said no to the same boy like 5 times last night! 	sadness
	 missing nugget night but thanksgiving dinner is a solid replacement&  	sadness
	For the record I'm cool with virgins but these roommates are completely destroying feminism 	sadness
	every night fake smiles every morning	sadness
	You know you're having a shitty day when your profile picture stops moving 	sadness
	is my ginger gal at Subway transferred Now I have to spell-out my order every AM	sadness
	Python friend is explaining to me how he wrote his own CMS I cannot seem to convince him to dump his crappy host and learn Django 	sadness
	I hate it when you talk to someone every single day and then it just stops All of a sudden neither of you say a word to each other 	sadness
	I really can't be nice to some people without them getting the wrong idea 	sadness
	im not gonna lie my family celebrates christmas without christmas trees where's the festivity?!?!? 	sadness
	I really want to go black Friday shopping but I have no one to go with  	sadness
	My brand new machete needs sharpening after my first shave with it  	sadness
	Actually crying because of gossip girl   	sadness
	ooooh early shifts ooh my dear early shifts why don't you all go to f**k off! 	sadness
	Our main server got borked!  Check here for deals instead!  	sadness
	So I think im watching a good movie and then they kill the little boy WTF 	sadness
	I got my retainer on today It feels so weird I can't sleep because I keep touching it with my tongue 	sadness
	Missing Judas Priest's farewell tour in Toronto tonight 	sadness
	when creepy people don't get the hint to stop texting you 	sadness
	This damn strip club is wacky as 	sadness
	I hate it when I cant help someone when they feel sad It makes me sad  	sadness
	MILF_Squared: don't you dare waste a Daryl by turning him in to a walker! amcShame you dont sell outside the USA 	sadness
	these ads that come on the side saying flirting has never been so easy man why is the world filled with desperate people i say 	sadness
	i dn't even get wat actually happeni just felt useless nw	sadness
	The break up scene in The Notebook  :(	sadness
	sounds like fun! ^^ btw can't wait to hear you sing more and more :) AMAZING VOICE 3  	sadness
	I'm going to feel extremely hungry tomorrow from not enjoying the yearly Thanksgiving meal 	sadness
	Singing Someone like you in a car in the rain with meganconnell1 What is this an ABC family movie?  	sadness
	The 3 reasons I miss living in Houston: Zio's Gringos and Casa Ole The food of my childhood! 	sadness
	Uhhh Migraine Go away!! I'm not sure if I'm about to pass out or vomit Uhh I wish someone was here to hold me! 	sadness
	Tu me manques nos tiny me manque nos délires me manque vivement qu'on rattrape le temps perdu mon chou 3 :(	sadness
	man must now leave the warmth of my pvt bath and heater to brave the cold and wet outside to go food shopping 	sadness
	didn't buy a wii/zelda today and all I can think about is how much I wanna play skyward sword 	sadness
	study sesh for evaaa this week? And me giving you your bday gifts?! Last day of owning godfreys and it's raining 	sadness
	Josh doesn't like Christmas music 	sadness
	My dog has an ear infection taking to the vet now:( 	sadness
	been home for the past 45 min and iv been working on homework :'( break is so over 	sadness
	Only you can make me fly to the moon and fall to the earth 	sadness
	Most people are secret haters They throw salt in the low! 	sadness
	For the first time this entire week im going to bed before 4 am 	sadness
	if was swoll like paul sr maybe he could get laid  still watching American chopper wit him n fanzinator	sadness
	I wish I lived on the West Coast so it would be 3 hours earlier and it would be 7:35 pm instead of 10:35 pm 	sadness
	Had the BEST Thanksgiving in a while Well except for the part where my cousin-in-law's gram died You will be greatly missed Gram! 	sadness
	The mechanic was going to let me take it away but then he returned broken brake in hand 	sadness
	in pratica stasera ho scoperto che devo spaccarmi il culo in due che l'importante è il nome e per il nome devo accumulare soldi 	sadness
	super tempting However thats like 4 hours away 	sadness
	I seriously need to get a job all this free time to sit   think is not good at all 	sadness
	On another note: Tonight I noticed great  and dead-end  on a lot of people's eyes  and   	sadness
	i hate the song FA LA LA :DD i don't want to hear that anymore sorry beliebers i don't really like the song when i heard it  	sadness
	lagii sedih niih :'( data ke format tiink mna ada video klipnya kamilah lagii 	sadness
	dang I didn't make the 6 words post I 	sadness
	Christopher!!You followed methen UNFOLLOWED me! What a tease! You give me joy  then rip it out from under me 	sadness
	Hey I'm just wondering if were still friends? Last time I checked friends hand with other friends  	sadness
	It is 4 minutes until Cody Simpson in NYC and im not there you'll do great love 33	sadness
	Oh and instead of playing Apples to Apples with his family I watched the Dolphins lose By one Freaking Point 	sadness
	WAS excited for some late-night painting last nightbut when I opened my new paints the yellow was all dried out  	sadness
	I´m a fool for hating the wrong person for the right reasons and not hating the right person for the wrong reasons  	sadness
	sounds like a perfect night that I miss spending with you! 	sadness
	when you say you're from guilderland all the local college kids think you're a spoiled rich fag  	sadness
	Unjust! I wanted Brian to liiiiiiiive Also I spoiled myself so now I know my chocolate cop dies 	sadness
	Feel free to! Just be warned I'm a Fattie McFattie Weighed myself the other day and I'm the heaviest I've ever been 	sadness
	Sudden pain under my tongue  has forced me to remove 9 yr old tongue ring Is it time to let it go?  HELP bkangel1617	sadness
	Ordered a pair o Nike's from on friday still on being processed on monday	sadness
	It's sad  People hate on you because your being you and they can't lol 	sadness
	First mark of the year Dayum what a bad bad mark 	sadness
	the last season part two I can't stand to buy it and recognize its over 	sadness
	Love/hate relationship with rain today: It allowed me to take my first weekday nap ALL year but cancelled my evening plans 	sadness
	I've just realized tonight it'll be the last Sectionals with the actual awesome cast :(  	sadness
	I'm literally finding stuff I've been looking for since the 9th grade but I still can't find what I'm looking for right now 	sadness
	im glad can laugh at his no one else is laughing wait everyone is 	sadness
	since i got an iphone i tweet like less than half the amount that i used to 	sadness
	I love Christmas music more than any other kind but I only get to enjoy it for two months per year Luckily it's !	sadness
	i miss when MTV was all about Pimp My Ride and Yo Momma 	sadness
	i think u miss oppai miss my navigator oppacoz today he not living some twitt 	sadness
	: on the weekdays the food is awful lol Brunch on the weekends are ok 	sadness
	 doesnt suck its ur interpretations that are suck Drop them Follow me for reminders  	sadness
	I made 2 pumpkin pies and only had 1 small slice :'( 	sadness
	Dixieland Delight is on the radio 	sadness
	Just received a brand new  but it seems to hate my SIM card   support tells me they don't know whats wrong :( 	sadness
	Missed the bus :'( cold bored  on my todd 	sadness
	nooott even dey jus can't get enough so they cheat when one pussy is not available dey go hunt  ah suh mi see it! 	sadness
	Your my parents I shouldn't have to change to make you love me You should love me as I am  ?	sadness
	 having my heart brokenI hope to never go through a pain like that again 	sadness
	Been up all night I dozed off once n woke up n thought it all was a dream But then I realized he was really gone 	sadness
	I always miss it when you are on replying to people! oh well maybe next time 3	sadness
	Such a sad day when my first boss and owner of Newberry's one screen theatre dies 	sadness
	Oh I just got home and find out that I could of gone to the surprise at 3:30 :| 	sadness
	Regrets not buying a raf fair isle this season 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you feel like you've killed a good conversation :/	sadness
	Goodbye snow here's the rain ☔ 	sadness
	Can't believe that we have to go back to school tomorrow 	sadness
	What is a mid season finally and why is The Walking Dead doing it? 	sadness
	people let high school change them way too easily 	sadness
	No Pan Am tonight T Swift is super awkward btw 	sadness
	Hopes  dreams were crushedpush me down some stairsnow -___-  Why mess with my head?!!?	sadness
	You might as well I can't eat the food likes to make 	sadness
	Better get my butt to bed No sleeping in tomorrow 	sadness
	My inner clock woke me up 8 i dont have class till 11  	sadness
	 has a broken thumb on throwing hand Out 6-8 weeks exams/likely surgery tomorrow  	sadness
	I look at her pictures every night I miss her so much Why did I do this 	sadness
	My monopoly ticket things from McDonalds expired :(	sadness
	Dear ryanmrhodes Bummer! Been in Ellwood City all weekend with and family Good times but i sure do miss you guys 	sadness
	I think I will be reduced to tears at Westlife's farewell tour next year :( 	sadness
	This awkward moment that you woke up happily then ended up annoyed and sad with a fight with him 	sadness
	Listening to Wiz Khalifa makes it feel like summer again 	sadness
	Bringing my computer to the computer doctor :( Hopefully I can take it home tonight!  	sadness
	---- My awesome theme for me solo piece :) --- :(	sadness
	All I listen to lately is mayday parade  	sadness
	GUYS! On the TV guide it said on the spot was on so I of course clickes but it WASNT! 	sadness
	3 days in Bed  z current situation could only bring    I hope i wont commit a Suicide	sadness
	I'm glad you can tweet but not text back 	sadness
	First failure = big deal!!! :(	sadness
	I'm not totally sober and I'm at home 	sadness
	You know you're getting old when your baby brother starts driving 	sadness
	is going to make me not use twitter anymore cuz you dont love me 	sadness
	I forgot to set  on my dvr I won't see  go HAM on christina aguilera or justin bieber or kelly clarkson 	sadness
	Ate someone elses pizza A mom  two young kids reading They are without power We feel bad 	sadness
	There should be a law saying a girl should never weigh more than her boyfriend I mean how do you work with that 	sadness
	righther lips looked bout crusty as a pie edge 	sadness
	at this point I'm just looking for friends in general   	sadness
	That last sip of Starbucks Breakfast Blend 	sadness
	Deactivated the  account from my device No longer tweeting for the program It really is over 	sadness
	Missing you lots already Soumya Jain! Can't wait till you're done your degree and en route back home forever! 	sadness
	Funny how some of my friends geek out with guys who are loaded (Definition of loaded to them: type of car the dude drives) HA! 	sadness
	sitting here sober when other people are drunk 	sadness
	I second thatthis whole week will be full of coke days 	sadness
	Sad day just got denied indoor  ruined my life for the next like 2 weeks	sadness
	Thanks you still hold the title  he's just jealous of my great looks 	sadness
	Missing my boyfriend my family and friends really bad tonight 	sadness
	hanging out with my mom and meme :) all that's missing is cals! 	sadness
	still feeling a lil downits crazy how you are not here any more and all im left is memories	sadness
	Damn I wish Saints Row 2 had a greaser gang 	sadness
	Why Would you compare yourself to global warming -- 	sadness
	only just realised was on for half hourwish it was on for a hourits goodfunny :L	sadness
	His phone is turned off now :( I won't get to talk to him until his brother gets home so he can use his phone 	sadness
	listening to paradise by such amazing memories to this tune last weekends anthem!!  	sadness
	io oggi dovevo semplicemente fare l'alberoperchè mi ritrovo a dover rimettere in ordine camera mia? 	sadness
	I really wish I had my long hair back 	sadness
	Es en noches asi q lo unico q quiero es hablar con una amigaaaa y nadie quiere nadie atiende lo q sea Me fui a ver awkward :( 	sadness
	Dude I thought you were going to call me! 	sadness
	I miss middle school:( dancing at those multicultural shows getting to spend the whole day with my best friend 	sadness
	it better start soon Or this girl might die 	sadness
	Party game! Only one more day in drama  	sadness
	Thought i saw cory monteith at the bus stop It wasnt him 	sadness
	Dammit I wish my friend was my girlfriend :/ Why can't she be bi or something 	sadness
	Taking a break from weed for a bit 	sadness
	ridiculous how much that tweet relates to my daily life 	sadness
	Damn this b ball trip isnt gonna be the same without 	sadness
	I'm dissappointed We agreed at the river that waz gojng to be dedicated to me 	sadness
	That was a good game wish the dolphins won though lol 	sadness
	Gay marriage isn't legal yet and I found out my ex is already engaged  	sadness
	Received a sad news from overseasI will miss you Tita SarahThanks for loving us U are safer there now w/o all d pain  	sadness
	Fuck  YOU! RT She has the ass of a 14 year old Asian girl 	sadness
	So much for losing something Going to fat burger for dinner with dad   	sadness
	what! why?! its not like its a human or plastic surgery??& -__- 	sadness
	Read through all 100 issues of Ultimate X-Men man was that series cut short our what! Ultimatum really screwed these guys over 	sadness
	I Love You  *Ughhghghghg* Im Sick Of Writing This Everyday  You Dont Even Notice Me :( ! 	sadness
	is riding to work on his motorcycle : always	sadness
	I never fail to get sick during dead week  	sadness
	 lossfeeling so many different emotions     You left my life too soon	sadness
	you've abandoned me on the chats of late forcing me to resort to tweeting 	sadness
	Aw :( late and got the back of the class 	sadness
	kickin 20 yrs down in a month and I havent even hung out in a kangaroos pouch 	sadness
	Every time I watch Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire I'm like Cedric won't die this time! He can't! And he always does :( 	sadness
	I wanna be a little kid again these teenage girl problems are to much to handle :( 	sadness
	Dejá pasar a la señora es de las frases más crueles que te pueden decir por la calle unos chiquillos jugando a la pelota 	sadness
	Heartbroken that Robin will never have kids sorry for the spoiler 	sadness
	I'm hoping you wished for a snow day tomorrow? cuzz i missed it 	sadness
	hates me It's official Any depressing status I ever have is due to the emotional bullying of him and his cruel words	sadness
	My twitter is not working :( I can't tweet from Twitter or see my mentions 	sadness
	Headed to  for a loaner phone RIP Blackberrylove you long time 	sadness
	you'll like my profile picture but not message me back? & 	sadness
	I love you But I love Craig too What a dilemma 	sadness
	Somewhere in my house a very Loyal Blackberry is being ignored 	sadness
	Pumpkin spice latte way too sweet?  Is this what having adult taste buds is like?  I'm frustrated that I can't finish this thing  	sadness
	 RT IretiTheGuru: The main people you look at forare the ones that  bread on your name! 	sadness
	I feel old I don't recognize any Disney Channel shows and now I'm older than most of the stars  	sadness
	Syd is sick D': my poor little froggy If he doesn't make it at least he lived a long life :c 	sadness
	so much stuff that I have no clue about I thought bestows were supposed to tell each other everything 	sadness
	I need more sleep and is being a meanie today! 	sadness
	Not going to lie made my stomach hurt all day! 	sadness
	The only thing worse than a skinny chick who think she's fat is a skinny chick who think she's thick!!! Smh 	sadness
	Just finished my last episode of Glee on Netflix 	sadness
	This BCS show is like the NCAAB Tourney selection show Except after announcing the teams all but 2 are immediately eliminated 	sadness
	Working out without a spotter is like peanut butter without jelly 	sadness
	So my wonderful fishy died because our other fish killed it!  all the while we thought they were just playing around ):	sadness
	the moment when ur dress wont fit cause ur butts to big 	sadness
	Why wont my 2nd video upload!!!!!!! :( maybe tomorrow 	sadness
	Dang my barber dont work Saturday! I have to wait till next week for a haircut! 	sadness
	I really want to watch every single disney movie I have but I can't because my VHS-player is broken 	sadness
	seems to b lack of sunshine in ur life coz sunshine cannot be generated in ur mind Sun is outside mind always shining 	sadness
	So I have to say bye to 2 people I really care about all in one day:(& 	sadness
	DARN YOU SCHOOL I WANTED TO GO TO A CONCERT TODAY!!!!:( 	sadness
	Team swag! I am going to miss all of you people so much! BAH 	sadness
	My brothers making fun of my music :(	sadness
	But it's not about the money money money As I said I won't see my crush 	sadness
	Boys don't cry doesn't have a good end i'm afraid 	sadness
	wow six of my ten fingernails broke this week 	sadness
	Excuse me Kurt How did I not know you had a twitter? And why haven't I seen you lately? 	sadness
	Mrs Kelli's no longer exists! It's now called Fleet Street Irish Pub and apparently is really nice with great food  	sadness
	Probably gonna miss most of the grey cup cuz of workwork and homework 	sadness
	Let's go fuck shit up!!! Awww we can't leave we don't have keys Wordz2LizBy	sadness
	I thought your twitter had been deactivated! It wouldn't let me mention you in mine :( 	sadness
	I hate when animal cruelty commercials come on Makes me wanna crawl in a hole and die  	sadness
	Sometimes I wish I could have you as more than a friend Each day its harder to just say sup dude Knowing I wanna say more yo	sadness
	I want to cry my frustration out but I don't even have time to do that 	sadness
	I still can't belive that Chuck is going to end  A nerd a spy and a colonel that they've change my life  I miss you :(	sadness
	yeah I GUESS I can wait! And I'm leaning towards McNattie Ps You no longer rhyme with me 	sadness
	I can help with suicide note  RT BrendaThoka: Sometimes I really really hate life  	sadness
	It seems as i gain a follower i lose one Stuck at 123 	sadness
	Yes!  Dan Aykroyd and John Candy!   aw Heart attack joke  	sadness
	RTFina11yMadeIt: Everyone is gifted but some people never open their presents!!! 	sadness
	Blacks search their entire genealogy to find one person tht wasn't jus so they can say they 1/4 _____ 	sadness
	Sleep time! Finally after a day full of (mostly about  )	sadness
	i already got all my christmas presents so i have nothing to open 	sadness
	besides what incentives do u even have to offer gay couples to be criminalizing their marriage 	sadness
	I was looking forward to my pasta dinner today  	sadness
	Aww I don't think we have Basketball practice this week ☹	sadness
	Dennis just pulled a paper crane out of his pocket and let it fall to the ground and told me I wasn't getting another one 	sadness
	I just realised to go to bed I'm going to have to take off my party hat 	sadness
	Feel Bad Today :( In Desperate Need Of A Hug 	sadness
	Her apologies dont help the fact that my face hurts!  	sadness
	Games I love to play on the original Xbox: Buffy Voodoo Vince Games I don't have for original Xbox: Buffy Voodoo Vince 	sadness
	just left and and im pretty sure I'm gonna cry myself to sleep tonight 	sadness
	This tweet was sent to vent my feelings 	sadness
	I forced some down anyway lol I'll regret it later RT im_a_KEY_pa: No room for dessert 	sadness
	My dad took the ipod in the beginning of my gift and my curse Since its pandora i cant get it back  	sadness
	Trying to find something to about the place but I have found I have done everything already :c 	sadness
	I'm in a  kinda mood but with that comes because today'sChildren can't get the Disney experience we had	sadness
	Seriously wish I knew my credit card number off by heart 	sadness
	I gotta start paying attention! I missed my 1400th tweet! 	sadness
	Goood Thing Coach Gibson Loves Me Cause I'm Late Every Single Day  	sadness
	Ver capítulos de Boston Legal  :) que sea la última temporada :(	sadness
	unfortunately no too long of a drive for just the day :(	sadness
	in Grand Rapids tomorrow? Missing it 	sadness
	Currently wishing I was at the Taylor Swift concert at MSG tonight Havn't been to a concert in a while 	sadness
	Im now missing an integral part of my story :-\  	sadness
	: I feel upset about this scandal I was speechless and I feel like i failed miserably No u didn't	sadness
	oh yes haha and I watched the game So the haven't lost this many in a row in like 20 years 	sadness
	Damn it! is out of the XV!! I can't even buy a bottle for home! 	sadness
	Mera bi lai laiti hain ami waisey =D magar phir 3 days baad wapis daiti hain Ya tou one week 	sadness
	Aww the world's oldest dog dies in Japan! I always see that dog in the news 	sadness
	thanx for ur support! Don't be bummed the will still be completely mental  )	sadness
	wish I could grow a good looking beard 	sadness
	what? You left without saying good bye? 	sadness
	Who else is sad that Jim Gleason is currently out of the office?    	sadness
	This sickness and her silent treatment blew the winds out of my confession sails 	sadness
	shit nabura lht ng files ko sa USB ksama pa nmn dun ung mga pics ng  =(( un	sadness
	Someone needs to invent a dream recorder Cause I be so sad when I forget my dreams 	sadness
	my rolex finally got to the right time so I had to sleep in it to keep it rolling in fear it will stop time again 	sadness
	if she's lost in our twitter convo shell never keep up in real convo 	sadness
	When I go home shit don't look the same 	sadness
	I missed the leadership training today 	sadness
	Going somewhere to get baked chicken then finding out they baked it in gravy   	sadness
	That awkward moment when your DAD asks you when you're getting a boyfriend 	sadness
	Kind miss playing EVE Online still It just eats up wayyyy too much time 	sadness
	Horrible gaming from last nite - he received his 1st Rough Day ribbon in  - Most Deaths in a Match 	sadness
	The moment when your girlfriend is too busy to text you cause she is playing video games  and :P	sadness
	holt shit Your new =3 got removed by youtube 	sadness
	sad thing is yoway is next door n i havent even gone yet 	sadness
	Lo que hace la necesidad  esa vieja lo que me da es 	sadness
	When I dnt eat all day when I do finally eat I eat anything and EVERYTHING 	sadness
	I expect a celebratory christmas nuzzle before xmas or I might die  	sadness
	You know you're becoming a grow up when you finally decide it's time to throw out your jerry and maury buttons 	sadness
	oh honey love you know me so well!! Lets watch! Yesterday was the first sunday we didn't hang out 	sadness
	I have this weird urge to draw but I can't find my old sketch book 	sadness
	Ladies I'm trying to become the spokesperson for Applebees Not a joke  	sadness
	everyone is coming home this weekendand it's one of the busiest weekends for me	sadness
	So I just used auntie remedy of drinking a tablespoon of vinegar for my headache and it didn't work 	sadness
	i feel bad because i put the story on the website and people are going to get mad at me :/  	sadness
	Give me a cigarette I want a fucking cigarette I want to destroy me shit! love hurts too much  I want to smoke  	sadness
	love you( oh BTW's i may not be at lunch again tomorrow 	sadness
	Thts Life !! Aanchaul: hates when you love someone and they just walk out on you and act like nothing ever happened:'(	sadness
	C'est officiel : La moustache ne me va pas 	sadness
	i meant  cuz sleeping with josh would be a kind thing it will happen someone out there has a kind heart	sadness
	nanakaw yung iTouch ng Kuya ko hinoldap sha :( yun pa naman gamit ko pang twitter tas marami akong naka favorite na vids doon :(	sadness
	Last class with naomi gal 	sadness
	I would do anything to be able to watch Home Alone with tonight! Guess I'll just watch it alone :( 	sadness
	is my  sister she'd take care of my fish  don't even like me! 	sadness
	When Im not okay I always tend to spend more than the usual fvck 	sadness
	I missed  last night for the first time since the show aired 	sadness
	When you make a promise with the one that you trust and the break it like a toothpick 	sadness
	Irredeemable vol 6  7 to go and then I will be out of comics for the rest of my trip 	sadness
	I hope they fix my car ASAP 	sadness
	So happy I've got my phone back! Sounds sad but it's like my life 	sadness
	when everyone watches that tv show that you never did but you can't start watching it now because you're already 10 episodes behind 	sadness
	Surely we're too young for this! // RT 2LemonadeGal: oh my mom is helping me color mine tomorrow 	sadness
	Call Tweet and mourn us for today is and my last day in studio until next semester! 	sadness
	My Xmas tree is too big for my apartment 	sadness
	I am litterally bawling right now I was going to come to the concert tomorrow but Tickets sold out too fast 	sadness
	Don't wanna go sing today &    !!!	sadness
	Time to lay it on down leavin early 2ma  	sadness
	I just wanted to punch all my friends in the face to my dudes band 	sadness
	Google I guess her twin did the same thing google malika haqq and Adrian Wilson	sadness
	Wish I could watch the parade but apparently that's not done here 	sadness
	Anticipation!!!! & Of Anarchy in a few hours!! Can't believe there's only 2 episodes left tho!! 	sadness
	Ugh I keep wanting to change my display picture but it won't let me! 	sadness
	The sadness you feel when you wait outside hm at midnight only to find it doesn't open until 5am 	sadness
	Atleast we got a glimpse of nice weather 	sadness
	Im just a romantic midwestern guy with his heart on his sleeve and his dick in his fist    	sadness
	It's true and I are long lost twins that live across the country 	sadness
	that awkward moment when you realize you DONT love your life 	sadness
	Don't you just love when your gf doesn't reply /: 	sadness
	I hate flop nights You get excited then BAM nothing happens  another night	sadness
	C'est le moment de l'annee ou mon tan est plus la et je ressemble a un personnage des simpsons  	sadness
	You know I LOVE those but twice they've made me puke so I can't drink them any more 	sadness
	can we make trend for someone  sake brenna_bean	sadness
	Ive come to the conclusion I'm a failure at life 	sadness
	reading hopeless romantic blogs with makes me realise how much   I need a boyfriend 	sadness
	Worst part of the day: not being able to pick up my iphone 	sadness
	E mi rivedo per la terza Harry Potter e I Doni della Morte parte 2  	sadness
	I have come to the sad conclusion that I will not complete NaNo It appears that for my time in grad school it won't be an option 	sadness
	I can die a happy woman because I have loved another with all my heart and soul  that's enough for me  	sadness
	Wowww Thesis wrecks Wordpress for all future theme uses 	sadness
	I'm ganna miss the people in my English class next semester 	sadness
	I think the Conor Oberst lyric each public school is a halfway house is becoming more and more true Vonnegut would be upset 	sadness
	sooooooooooooo is my phone broken or something or does no one wanna reply to my texts? 	sadness
	eternal eternal for josh  pls   	sadness
	Cant sport my Chargers hat til next august now  	sadness
	Getting ready for the last show at The Mad Hatter 	sadness
	 ahahah i hate cornetto choco lava :)  memory lane 	sadness
	-_- wtf Im not there lol I got my Mike n' Ikes already smmfh I got the whip and all to come pick yo big head ahh up	sadness
	Mum in hospital and it don't look to good :(	sadness
	I don't think there's enough time in the world for me to get good enough 	sadness
	I am so jelly I'm in public I can't be pantless It is cold 	sadness
	my sister-in-law grandmother is dead 	sadness
	Apparently bum fighting has gone the way of the dodo 	sadness
	am I not allowed to follow you back 	sadness
	Wed 21st Too late for my next trip 	sadness
	won't get to watch REQUEST dance crew later :(( its just me and BT tonight	sadness
	why ppl ignore wo like them  like who ignore themall guys r same here  no1 r helpfull  ve covered me	sadness
	At my brothers friends house doing nothing This is what happens when I come back home 	sadness
	I can't talk to you while you drive -tasker DanielElliott17	sadness
	I don't think liked my philosophical 30-second synopsis of The English Patient 	sadness
	third night of feasting is officially complete 	sadness
	gutted im away this weekend and not able to meet up with u and little guy 	sadness
	Hate the fact that people are using  as an excuse to get faded every weekend at it's finest	sadness
	Can't fall back asleep 	sadness
	im PHONELESS my phone is at the sprint storesleeping there away from me lls	sadness
	well i just left my book at school soooo no essay 	sadness
	Half Blood Prince is airing for the first time ever on TV y'all HERE WE GO 	sadness
	My Rocky Horror poster just fell off of my door ): 	sadness
	Watching the football state championship ): should be us	sadness
	Live as shit at the mall American Eagle is havin a 40% off everything sale and I have no funds smh 	sadness
	Sometimes I wish I did bang with ppl in my town 4 times like this some real true friends but I dont 	sadness
	So basically we're settling on the fact he's not going to 	sadness
	Just realized that I'm allergic to my shampoo!! Great! 	sadness
	follow me  retweet me pleaseee! I guess u never saw any of my tweets asking u too :( please do it for a fan! 	sadness
	My trusty schwinn almost destroyed my face today 	sadness
	Feel weird to be back in Derby doesn't feel like home to me anymore 	sadness
	we are in the same house why could you not just say this to my face? oh thats right you have no balls 	sadness
	im so cold and my beds so empty tonight 	sadness
	SO JEALOUS! I bought the new one  can't read it till Friday 5 	sadness
	Its funny how people who follow you eventually unfollow you only because you never followed them back 	sadness
	nothing worse then a negative KD ratio 	sadness
	I still want to come to the iron bowl with youuuu   we are being separated yet again 	sadness
	and you two are amazing u truely are and I love u bothit hurts me to see u guys fight	sadness
	Alas no good trending topics to mock today 	sadness
	The worst part of my day is when i find my ice cream bowl is empty 	sadness
	Just saw an empty Summer Shandy box next to my Aunt's fridge But no Liene to be found 	sadness
	Why is it that you always manage to creep into my head and make me depressed 	sadness
	its gunna suck waking up nd not see ur face 	sadness
	Waiting to start the last show 	sadness
	i hate making a new tumblr and forgetting all the good blogs i followed before 	sadness
	Didn't get a good morning text 	sadness
	A lone jelly bean tumbles unable to escape the metal edge at the top of the escalator  	sadness
	n there's always a friend that forgets to txt yu on a daily basis	sadness
	Do you ever feel the need to sing but are not able to find the right song to sing :(	sadness
	JenBunny1985: I have nothing against ugly people just ugly people who call other people uglythat's just ridiculous	sadness
	I'm sorry I missed u moremy phone didn't send me that tweet it goes crazy after a few tweets then stops notifying me 	sadness
	A cousin keeps telling me education past high school is a sham Too bad he cant spell or make an argument correctly  	sadness
	My better half's sooooo far away I only have his shirt to hug  	sadness
	hi hello hey We did not get food today 	sadness
	so glad my parents dont have a copy of that 	sadness
	December events are filling up our calendar fast and 2012 is off to an amazing start! Nowif I could just update the dang site! 	sadness
	UGH Gonna have to re- record it tomaro  actually talk because the stupid voice over isnt working right :| 	sadness
	You're supposed to be my best friend? Haha yeah right More like backstabbing low life that tries to ruin everything for me 	sadness
	 I wish love was like volleyball You'd call 'MINE' and everyone would back off  :(	sadness
	Need a nap Then need to go shopping to fill our house again it's so empty with out :( 	sadness
	Currently dealing with second worst haircut of my adult life The first was the haircut I walked into this place to fix 	sadness
	I'm tight that I visited Port yesterday  wasn't there 	sadness
	Can't find an online rental for Jurassic Park anywhere and our VHS is f-ed up Today a tradition may get ruined 	sadness
	well if your brother and I still talked I would have an excuse to come visit you! 	sadness
	what theee they are but not you all you do is sleep in your car in the basement HAHA	sadness
	Got a lot on my mind ! But my negative tweets won't be shared	sadness
	Yesterday i have the best dream! Khloe replay to and i were so happy! It was SO real! 	sadness
	for to fall back asleep on me! :/ 	sadness
	i have moneybut not alot so i'll prob make an awesome one for you too( ohhhh what are you doing tonight?	sadness
	CLASSICO TODAY    to bad i gotta work on my portfolio /3 	sadness
	I hate rescue animals commercials They make me feel sad and sorrowful for all animals out there  	sadness
	It's whenever I start to care that I get ignored Really wish I didn't have such a big heart 	sadness
	isn't that sad though? That there's been no game that just got it completely right? 	sadness
	Currently eating the worse oatmeal ever 	sadness
	Planes Trains and Automobiles also unavailable on instant view 	sadness
	I feel like a failure at twitter not sure if I even did that right	sadness
	I gotta iPhone sucka( lol and lost all my numbers so u text me!	sadness
	I had one follower Then I lost him  On the plus side 2 more weeks till  -	sadness
	I have all these teeny tiny little cuts and knicks on my hands 	sadness
	nocticed a girl the first day she got a twitter! :( 	sadness
	Today I feel like a battle of jhonny walker I don't know why but I just wanna be drunk Might is it just 	sadness
	My best friend is leaving to the Philippines for a month :'( I have to say bye tonight! 	sadness
	when the love of your life is half way acrosss the world	sadness
	Miss my boy-toy :( can't function without him :( 	sadness
	indeed IRL time! Long overdue /cc danticoa	sadness
	MishaBarnes1: the dynamics of our ofc has gotten bitter since u left Not sure how to take that!  	sadness
	It would seems that g1 has outright blocked me on the TWITTER MASHEEN That's a damn shame he was a really cool guy 	sadness
	Due giorni fa c'era paul mccartney qui a milano e io non sono potuta andarlo a vedere 	sadness
	All packed for home and I still have 5 days left here at Bluffton :( 	sadness
	What the F  I can always craft another round Just let me know if you don't get it 	sadness
	Pastry shop isnt open today uu	sadness
	I just broke two of my lights that I was going to put around my walls  	sadness
	pfff toi et vous ne faites vraiment aucun effort pour me caser 	sadness
	Holiday is good if you've got plans I don't 	sadness
	im at  aka nationals but ur not bc ur being a soccer mom 	sadness
	I swear if my kid wasn't there   I woulda died long ago 	sadness
	Bored out of my fucking mind  	sadness
	wonder if i'll get on espn Strange how im like the only Big Star player not on ESPN 	sadness
	Seriously today is the worst day ever WTF I look like a bull frog  I can deal with a heart break but I can't deal with the ugly! 	sadness
	Ppl are going crazy now-a-days killing babies kidnapping human trafficking 	sadness
	Sadly the best part of the game tonight was seeing Lebron James in person But still:  and 	sadness
	So when practice was over I ran to the car all excited to show my dad my superb grade in geometry and he says do better 	sadness
	One of the worst feelings in the world: finally admitting you've lost that summery glow Hello pale winter 	sadness
	Thanks - I hope there's a good turnout and I wish I could be there 	sadness
	Pahahaha I'm tireDwish mah bed wuz smallerso I dnt have to wish someone else wuz in it	sadness
	I really really really wanna listen to  but I don't have them on my phone yet :c 	sadness
	tht tht comes over u when u walk into a store nd there playing u nd ur ex's song :((	sadness
	Right after you finish your essay on aphasia there is a lect on aphasia 	sadness
	Boodat! I need a protege MusicHead2011: BassMonsterTIFF when you leave there's no one to follow in your footsteps 	sadness
	stab me in the heart why don't you! lol  	sadness
	finally home ! tired AF thee sinks in I can't sleep with my baby tonight	sadness
	love you too!!! I won't get to see you this weekend! :( 	sadness
	Still don't have an advent calendar to open :( 	sadness
	Thx darlin'  I am not ready yet Much tonight He was only 12 yrs old! Taken by drunk driver :(	sadness
	I KNOW RIGHT?! my mom is all like HEALTHY FOOD HEALTHY FOOD ASLKFNEKRJN 	sadness
	Freud anatomy you have a cruel mind sometimes  	sadness
	Did not realize how excited I was to have my Netflix stream from my computer to my TV until the cords to make this happen failed 	sadness
	Disturbingly enough I've found it faster to use an old feature phone with T-9 for tweeting than a smartphone 	sadness
	girl you know I will! Lazy night in the chapter room without you 	sadness
	I wouldn't be surprised if Kris is privately mourning the loss of her Hacienda Luisita She is no longer an haciendera 	sadness
	one little exam at 7 roomies are gone not leaving til tomorrow morning 	sadness
	I really hate box stores Just remember my home town being annihilated by Wal Mart 	sadness
	just saw your tweet andddd i won't : (   i'll be working on a paper all night 	sadness
	I wish my name rhymed with something so I could have a tight twitter handle 	sadness
	Even crackers and Mac n chees isn't making this better :/ 	sadness
	 I felt bad for HUMPTY DUMPTY when i was little They never put him back together! 	sadness
	holding back tha tears and tha heartbreak Because I kno ur not worth it 	sadness
	why would you ignore it from ME though?! I started it I'm never there anymore It's a big deal when I say it	sadness
	Psyc midterm today Feeling like I'm gonna bomb 	sadness
	Last unit of pickleball in high school 	sadness
	Also my thoughts on Will's feelings may be me projecting my own feelings  	sadness
	I cnt stand spending thanksgiving wit family I dnt even like	sadness
	I would much rather soup lunch be tomorrow than on Wednesday  	sadness
	Haven't left my room today/  	sadness
	Awee  ustreams when my computer speakers don't work  my phone is being stupid ) Now iCan't watchh ! 	sadness
	I freak out over  and even offer pie and/or cake and he still isn't my best friend? 	sadness
	i hate social with the passion 	sadness
	“FelwaAlJuhaimie: want to convince her self that she has a beautiful voice :)”  	sadness
	finished season 4 of dexter 	sadness
	I got iOffered a $40k scholarship to study math in undergradand i turned it down	sadness
	Twitter is it wrong to feel  for special friends that I can never revive    etc	sadness
	Its so windy! I feel sorry for ppl who don't have heat 	sadness
	Sooo im hearing bad things for Duck fans tonightdo i need to start yelling at the tv? 	sadness
	ouch never thought a tweet could hurt so much! :(  lol	sadness
	I know :( I'm quite sad :'( I waved goodbye along with about 10 others :L they better fucking accept my friend request :L 	sadness
	Few hours to go and my bbmax subscription will expire will go back on dec 3see y'all folkspeace out!	sadness
	well Bad things happen 3's so u got one more Lol but u liked a HOTTTT dumb valley girl? Right? Right! )	sadness
	WELL i went to this picture all happy  smiling thinking it would be me  you but NOOOOOOO :(	sadness
	At Ledos found out some friends are coming down Sunday I can't see them I ain't seen them in 3 years and it keeps going:(	sadness
	Damn someone dying in the  My condolences to those that were close to him :(	sadness
	Always tired in winter Must be the darkness 	sadness
	Hey everyone server official close will probably be tomorrow & I can't return home then it will be later  	sadness
	I can't sing right now because I have a sore throat  I love this song too 	sadness
	Haha Kens tweet made me lol and now back to my seriousness smh!	sadness
	Goodbye  you will be missed  Enjoy your life of being subjected to playing DVDs  	sadness
	okay but i have a feeling when that time comes you'll become silent and it wont happen 	sadness
	i near what will u do go ahead shed those tears U will feel better once u see it is alright for a good man too cry	sadness
	It pains my heart to see leave 	sadness
	People talk about me like if they even know my story 	sadness
	GradingIf I give a take home quiz over break I am obviously gonna collect it and grade it! 	sadness
	I wish!! You said you were busy all week and we couldn't do trivia and now I'm stuck re-tiling Isabelle's shower 	sadness
	got on twitter saw it was snowing got outside yea it's pouring down rain 	sadness
	i need a vacation junk food retail therapy a biiiig hug  a bottle and a blunttt 	sadness
	sorry tryina help u out bud i mean u need laid  someone hop on josh like hop on pop minus perversion	sadness
	Oh no! RT BryTupper: Since you're taking steroids I'm sorry but your dreams of playing professional ball are now over	sadness
	i needa change all my TI backgroundssighlol	sadness
	shot of the day! RT phir aap mere husband ko follow karo tho behtar hai :p	sadness
	Today the woman who has looked after my daughter so I could write my book is leaving She is more than a nanny 	sadness
	This little girl's death in Canton GA just broke up my Christmas bubble a little There really are monsters in this world 	sadness
	Feel like the biggest asshole in the world right now Prolly gunns kill myself noe 	sadness
	Looking through the pictures on my phone and seeing that I only have two pictures with 	sadness
	idk about that last one guys  wasnt so good  needs laid we find some help or end him	sadness
	Sometimes I cry  no one knows how hard it is to have your best friend in another flipping country 	sadness
	girl i miss you too!   I LOVE YOU TOO!  we need to skype soon!	sadness
	My little spoon (Lauren__Boyce) didn't visit me today:( 	sadness
	Found my first gray hair today  	sadness
	Walking in the dark stepping on something paper + instantly realizing I just stepped on my Gaga poster  	sadness
	Spent half of my money at the mall today 	sadness
	Ugh the rain has ruined my toms nooooooo 	sadness
	At least I hope so My visa is still under assessment 	sadness
	I love but he doesn't love me back :( 	sadness
	my heart just broke a little when i remembered all my coffee cups are in my office no coffee this morning 	sadness
	Still can't believe has left  so SAD Love u always Mr Bell 	sadness
	I can't leave for lunch for another hour and all I'm doing is searching for pix of Todd Haley yelling to sigh over 	sadness
	can't call sex line Has to be 18 	sadness
	I made a point to get my girls together and go lingerie shopping on Sunday bc what I have now is lol	sadness
	He don't love melike helove his IPhone 	sadness
	wanna call me you broken girl! But are those guess jeanns that ripped 	sadness
	I lost my  pin today 	sadness
	My newer slightly-preferred non-Starbucks coffee shop in WestCo closed 	sadness
	I hate waking up in the morning and my babes not there next to me :( 	sadness
	I wish I was in london so I could go to trafalgar square I wish I could meet you all 	sadness
	today was national kiss day and my boyfriend wasnt here :( 	sadness
	So I deleted the angry birds app on my phone because I didn't know how toplay :( 	sadness
	And here come the tears  I wish my life was a chick flick 	sadness
	That awkward moment when a fat guy cockblocks you away from a hot guy 	sadness
	you lucky duck!!! i live in michigan where NO ONE comes 	sadness
	Got my script for the play!! Kinda sad w/ my talking amount 	sadness
	I almost feel sry for people who allow their futures be as empty as their minds 	sadness
	hi sexc i miss you we didnt play this weekend 	sadness
	we should be watching right now at the brat stop sending you my love hope to see you guys soon!	sadness
	If cute guys think I'm attractive then why don't I think I'm attractive? 	sadness
	Life is just an  Can't believe I'm heading home I will miss my friends 	sadness
	last month I bought tickets to the zoo and now I can't afford the train fare to get there   :( 	sadness
	Why do u continue to speak to Jepthe and u no longer speak to me ???? 	sadness
	My throat's still in pain Darn it seriously destroyed my plans for the weekend 	sadness
	Me siento mal porque mi chino amigo decidio cerrar sus puertas en este dia feriado y no puedo ir a comprar cosas a un lugar cerca 	sadness
	I would go shopping tonight but I don't have any money to shop with 	sadness
	ugh I can't leave twitter but but need tooo -- 	sadness
	Walking down the street and my knee just gave out on me When I fell it looked like haha	sadness
	Aww I just saw a commercial for the Hallmark recording stories A troop got a Charlie Brown one from his son and wife( 	sadness
	Grease burns hurt like a mother 	sadness
	i wish i had time to work out during the week 	sadness
	la fama es solo apariencia en la farandula hay mucha  suelta que termina siendo inspiracion para muchas jovencitas 	sadness
	I miss everyone I used to be close with :(( I want those friendships back 	sadness
	WHAT THE FUCKING FUCK SERIOUSLY???????? How do I ALWAYS miss when Pierce the Veil comes here??!?!?! 	sadness
	Computer over heating I'm scare it's going to die soon! :(	sadness
	for sure! and they've taken a nosedive since then kind of like EP after Irtiqa 	sadness
	ah right cool suregrey tooth   	sadness
	Got completely soaked walking to the caf Now I'm uncomfortable 	sadness
	She don't trust me and I don't trust hersmh 	sadness
	Looking at second grade math and then   Looking at my math I miss the easy days 	sadness
	can't feel the Christmas spirit yet (( 	sadness
	:( I'm in Alexandria with hosanna Oh my goodness am I depressed   	sadness
	Yes and I see nothing!  No shit no fancy cologne all 	sadness
	my chicken came out mostly good But there was red on part of (down near the bone) no one ate it But still It makes me sad	sadness
	Only my parents could make pedophile jokes during Willy Wonka  	sadness
	Falling out of cars in your new jeans and getting mud all over them right before going to a party is NOT cool :( 	sadness
	That moment when you and that one person have nothinq to talk about but you still want to be textinq him 	sadness
	They don't get Fox here anymore so no Packers/ Lions tomorrow 	sadness
	righto carries near every lbj9 even the china's but not the hurricanes how will I complete my collection now :)	sadness
	My upstairs neighbors must be really really sad They are absolutely blaring Joni Mitchell's Blue 	sadness
	needs a profile pic n someone needs to  bad  end his 	sadness
	All I could hear after reading that were the sounds of those gobblers I've heard on occasion lmao 	sadness
	lmao girl i had nothing else to do RT startin yah work late young lady Lmfao	sadness
	OMFG I KNEW IT NICCOS GAY TOO WHAT IS MY LIFE I MOVE AWAY FOR A COUPLE MONTHS AND NOW YOU LIKE DICK 	sadness
	Antoine Carr man those were the days RT NepeanTX: Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	Just got an event invite for the last thirsty thursday at Annies till it reopens next year 	sadness
	How do you have a 300 dollar weave and still look terrible!?! 	sadness
	What fucking basketball team doesn't have a number 24 Settling for 22 	sadness
	i still remember when i first met salma she thought i was a mean lemon :( laneisha did too 	sadness
	Chuck just filmed their final episode :( 	sadness
	I didn't see your beautiful face today 	sadness
	Tech is pretty awful AND didn't answer when I called her on the school phone 	sadness
	Watching the last  episodeI cried and I'm still crying :'( why is every end so sad?? 	sadness
	I'm at a spring lake party an you are not here 	sadness
	I bet! When I watched soap operas back in the day the news would cut in the middle of pivotal moments haha	sadness
	it's the end of the week and we didn't do lunch next week needs to happen!	sadness
	deciding to write you my second letter as you didnt get the first one for some reason :( 	sadness
	Thisthis Is what I fucking hate I just wish I could read your mind 	sadness
	Just got home from my first duty at al-sad PECwawa mga baby kapag extract ng blooddi q ata kakayanin 	sadness
	School = Sickness Pre-shifting weeks = Epidemic Shifting week = Pandemic 	sadness
	They started construction on the lot next to our house 	sadness
	That feel when you're in love with a girl who lives a thousand miles away 	sadness
	Last day off until five days straight of work 	sadness
	andd here we go week 16 final week  	sadness
	 is when my Bff moved to another country  I cried till i couldn't cry anymore	sadness
	It takes giving up something you really want to make others happy  	sadness
	Not having a car on campus is preventing me from going to Taco Bell right now 	sadness
	I realized I'm pretty much done learning Calculus 	sadness
	I wake up after getting only a couple hours of sleep and there is NO COFFEE and i have no idea how to make more 	sadness
	Not only I ripped his heart out I ripped his soul out too! 	sadness
	When you're sitting in class and your ipod plays a theme song of a ride from Disneyland 	sadness
	Those nights when all you want to do is cuddle up next to someone and then you realize you're single 	sadness
	Reached for another pizza rolland there were no more left 	sadness
	 by ending his candidacy today has robbed America of a great potential TV moment: Trump yelling at him You're fired! 	sadness
	i wish didn't go to sleep so early so she could take part in and my skype conversation :( 	sadness
	No car and years of over protective parents have caused me to become severely socially handicapped as a young adult 	sadness
	My office smells like wet dog 	sadness
	“AmandaFinchXo: Summer just can't come fast enough can it?” No it can't! Sadly 	sadness
	i have this old acne scar on my neck all my coworkers think it's a hickey i just say 'no it was a zit' 	sadness
	(Contd 4m prev tweet) I hv nthng agnst  in fact am his fan bt tat doesn't justify ppl ignoring  	sadness
	How does my sister get jwinno cambo97 and all those people to follow her D: 	sadness
	Coughing has become somewhat of a workout on my abs Every time I cough now they hurt 	sadness
	the way i'm constantly reloading this page to see if i have the new twitter 	sadness
	Born To Die???? There are so many beautiful things to live!& how to waste life is trending on twitter uu 	sadness
	is it wrong to one minute feel an  and the next be dancing around the kitchen to  	sadness
	Depressing end to the day :( 	sadness
	Emory makes a nigga wanna commit mass murder sometimes 	sadness
	Aww darn I don't tink there's any creamer left! 	sadness
	Comer en el burguer y encontrarte una panda de canis de 12 años hablando de sexo A donde vamos a llegar 	sadness
	RT: katjabecker: Joe Nathan left the Twins for the Texas Rangers  	sadness
	haha belum pun Aish jealous pula kau ? Hahaha why ? U like the clothes ? ) 	sadness
	too bad not for europeans Allready have THE claude figure but the bat would've been nice :)	sadness
	thank for the vote of confidence but it does look like a loss is in my future 	sadness
	Dear BlackBerry App World WHY is it that every single time I open you YOU FREEZE MY BLACKBERRY???!!!   	sadness
	Just made the finished the last power point for the semester for Progressive Caucus  	sadness
	Up at 6:00am yesterday 7:30 today it would be great if I could sleep in until at least 10:00  	sadness
	Every liquor store is closed!! 	sadness
	I need a Taylor Lautner fan friend I dont have hardly no one who I can talk about how beautiful he is with lol!	sadness
	Once Upon A Time kindof made me want to die 	sadness
	Sorry kiddies no service today due to Mechanic issues   Stay tuned for updates 	sadness
	i know Ry hurt me but it's sinking in now and i honestly miss him more than ever 	sadness
	it's super easy one your get the hang of it! O/ the only thing is sometimes the quality doesn't turn out great 	sadness
	monster is not half as good as death note 	sadness
	That depressing moment when you start talking to someone really attractive but they can't keep a conversation going 	sadness
	Those games hurt the worst  	sadness
	Time to put up Grandma's Christmas tree Just wish my Grandpa could be home to enjoy it too 	sadness
	Rolling me up a nice lil ol lil wake and bake lol 	sadness
	I feel like crying now like i wish u knew how i felt rite now 	sadness
	Just saw a picture of a Chinchillabut it has completely lost it's meaning now	sadness
	I suck at words with friends 	sadness
	Whaaat? No new  episode this Thursday? That's the second week in a row 	sadness
	What did the cat use to cut his lawn? A lawn meower!   	sadness
	Aww! never reply back my mention! :( 	sadness
	Thought you had Must have been a careless command-x on my part RT SpaceCowboyInLG:  dang I didn't make the 6 words post I 	sadness
	Plus de place pour Le Lac des cygnes cc clairesentences	sadness
	Good news:  leak is not the dishwasher  Bad news: probably a pipe that will require drywall removal to attack  	sadness
	The rest of my family leaves to go to florida today and I'm stuck in the snow writing exams 	sadness
	Me hungry and mi too lazy fi go downstairs fi food! 	sadness
	You know its bad when you know to dude you leave in a heart beat for a stripper only if she gave him a chance 	sadness
	Rained all night long Feeling for people in places like Diepsloot with no drains where it can make life miserable 	sadness
	Netflix won't worknow i can't catch up on my Grey's Anatomy? 	sadness
	Getting happy when you see you I've a mention but it's just spam 	sadness
	Hay disappointed dnah maplay yung episode ng hyy nung nov 18 hay Wala din ako mahanap nah link :(	sadness
	I hate seeing homeless people :( 	sadness
	    - leave it all behind  enjoy life InshAllah!	sadness
	Fake people fake friends now even a fake christmas tree 	sadness
	I didn't see a single flag at half mass yesterday 	sadness
	I need 1200 more words but my brain is just making bird noises  	sadness
	Honestly RT mikaeladyke: Thank you Monday for reminding me why I hate reading the news  	sadness
	damn again smdh that's some fucked up shit	sadness
	My blackberry has died call or message me if you need to get hold of me!	sadness
	huhuhu i wanna watch the united cube concert 	sadness
	I'm not a cool kid like you with your screen shots 	sadness
	haha I am such a cat person I love kitties but I can't take any in right now 	sadness
	It just breaks my heart seeing tiny animals dead Found one of Sophie's hamsters dead today 	sadness
	the sounds my dad makes while he looks at my report card 	sadness
	I want to watch more Dexter! :( Showtime only has Episode 1 (season 6) up 	sadness
	Cloudy weather in  so sad 	sadness
	And yeahit's fuckedstill worksscreen just broke like hell 	sadness
	Most eventful thanksgiving yet Dropped the turkey and saw a deer get shot Ohboy 	sadness
	My mom wont buy me boxers 	sadness
	So tired Dx still feeling a bit down cause i still haven't find my other earring studs Dx 	sadness
	I miss my super cool  sunglasses that broke 	sadness
	This is why I don't go to your house Its just a cycle 	sadness
	alexxxx is soocute I REALLY WISH he would tweet back it would make my life3 but it prob won't happen	sadness
	I still play All-Star Baseball 2004 and 2005 on PlayStation 2 I can keep Reyes on the Mets there 	sadness
	When you're driving past 's house knowing she's not there	sadness
	Havent had phone time in 2 days 	sadness
	I just saw RoryLogan's break up :( They were made for each other so why??Why they broke up? :( 	sadness
	Bored night ahead of sitting inside while it rains 	sadness
	I cant belive that i wont see and have news from for a long time! 	sadness
	First time in the world showcase since food and wine Looks so empty I miss the booze 	sadness
	When has it become acceptable to skip gym class for work? 	sadness
	Spring soon come! • RT 242Uprising: Final CSA cult meeting 	sadness
	I get a new toy and my ungrateful daughter says I can't plat with it! 	sadness
	WHY DO THEY NEVER PUT HOOK ON TV AT CHRISTMAS? there's no adventure here Pricks 	sadness
	How can we have a house full of food but still nothing to eat 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you're excited your boobs grew a whole cup size but it's only just your time of the month 	sadness
	3 week Facebook deactivation + my lack of iphone (shitty BB pearl) = me dead to the world Going into withdrawals soon  	sadness
	Missed island of misfit toys 	sadness
	Omg Its Funny How Life Works Out!!! :'( 	sadness
	Dose anyone know any good bands coming somewhere near Boston anytime soonI havent been to a concert in a while 	sadness
	I use  I have now upgraded to 8GB of memory in my computer These things are related   	sadness
	The best way to cure is be !!! People need to stop moping its not that bad u could be worse off All this  shit	sadness
	Felt like wearing my scarf this morning but then I remembered I forgot it in 's fridge in Toronto 	sadness
	Tragic news of the death of Gary Speed Welsh footballer      	sadness
	My paper is finally done Now I can study for my other final that I don't even know what's going to be on it 	sadness
	I've decided to live tweet my sorrows that will be the browns game 	sadness
	i just realized i was going to go to help decorateim thinking its a little late now 	sadness
	YAYY!!! way to go Foh Foh!!!:))) gosh i miss you so much!!! I'm def coming to visit you someday!!!!	sadness
	She like to play with my emotionskinda like a fat kid seeing a nice chocolate cake but not getting a piece 	sadness
	UGH  my tea for two is broken! 	sadness
	Great end to Xavier  Cincinnati game NOOOOOTT!!! 	sadness
	But i didnt get to see mslimas pretty face :/ 	sadness
	they had songs about me in middle school and elementary the names they called me still hurt to this day 	sadness
	You brew a potion you get 1 point Seems legit 	sadness
	so sleepy and there's sun today! but i'm working 8 hours!!! *cry* 	sadness
	Can't sleep n I'm too tired to play dress up 	sadness
	Confirmed  fails to load texture properly on a Macbook Air with Intel GPU Runs fine on AMD Radeon Desktop 	sadness
	I have no idea how I am surviving with marmite my OH hates it so he is glad we live in NYC 	sadness
	By creating all of this bullshit technology ppl are actually losing basic intelligence 	sadness
	Hey Cheeks :D Are u not feeling good? 	sadness
	fare una ricerca offerte di lavoro su google fa venire la depressionecosìse non lo sapevate sapevatelo! 	sadness
	That unfortunate moment when you remember a favorite shirt of yours and have no idea where it went 	sadness
	Awe I'm missing the Swag Master :( 	sadness
	It's official: Kings Henry Feast is closed  lnvoge	sadness
	Just got my hair cuttfeeling pretty baldhead right now 	sadness
	I keep getting this temptation to tweet I CANNOT FEEL MY LEGS! when I obviously can Why this compulsion exists I have no clue 	sadness
	What if i never get to meet you? then i'll just be heartbroken for life o OH MY 	sadness
	Bloody phone! Won't connect to the internet properly ¦ 	sadness
	College coaches The new Catholic priest 	sadness
	Just stepped outside to get a look at the sky Cloudy sleeting No chance of stargazing 	sadness
	Went to Pen tonight Walked by the Virgin kiosk hoping you'd be there You weren't 	sadness
	commercial for the mac miller concert on the radio 	sadness
	Zucotti Park is empty except some cops guarding a Christmas Tree  	sadness
	Lykke Li's concert is today and I'm missing out 	sadness
	What a great evening! Fun laughs gifts food Can't ask for much more than that! But No more small group until the new year 	sadness
	Thank the lord Today was pajama day I was about to be freezing! Where have you gone warm sun 	sadness
	apparently 10 people every year die from vending machinesit really proves how us humans can die so easily 	sadness
	I heard that airport is the worst in the Nation!  	sadness
	Make sure that if you see me before Fri morning you say goodbye 'cause that's when I fly outa here Only 4 full days left in AK 	sadness
	My gray beanie feels so different It's lost it's shape Me no like 	sadness
	Welp guess every team in our conference is out cuz Reidsville lost! 	sadness
	 Just so rude! Gone retweet me and not say Good Night back 	sadness
	Wait so John Lennon dies on Jim Morrison's bday???? 	sadness
	any other time I have free reign to the kitchen but today I'm not allowed? 	sadness
	ma ci sono solo io stamattina su twitter? :(	sadness
	The hurt you feel when you see the hurt in someone else's eyes  	sadness
	School today Sigh 	sadness
	Having some massive Busted sesh! Why the fuck did they ever break up! 	sadness
	I just accidentally deleted photos from my previous blog through my galaxy s2  	sadness
	 I have to agree here with paul I have lost many friends and not one of them got even in a papers 	sadness
	good morning retreat today til sunday :(	sadness
	I want to watch the next chapter from revenge I been waiting for a week 	sadness
	You always tweet when m in Chemistry or History :S :|	sadness
	lol that's weird I was thinking of you so I decided to tweet3 but awwh I know girl I just wanna meet our boys 3): 	sadness
	Just got on the scale and am officially never eating again (ska binge eating out of misery)  	sadness
	defo miss it now that i dont live in rathgar anymore! kept them in business when they opened! :o) 	sadness
	i cant believe i spent an entire 9 days in mesa and only saw for like 5 minutes 	sadness
	Ever feel like you're losing touch with someone and they want it to happen? 	sadness
	damn dude  Did it to myself in the end Gotta keep my head up  move on	sadness
	far too long to expect us fans to wait - a whole year?       	sadness
	OH MY GOD I FORGOT ABOUT MOVING DAY I have to go to work soon too Boooooooo 	sadness
	feel like im gonna chunder my guts upbut i really want to go on a bikeride!!! 	sadness
	Packed lunch for a long day at the dirty dirty dirty library 	sadness
	Mom broke the tv  :(	sadness
	Life is so unbelievably short - most of us don't even realise it! 	sadness
	Last madrigal of my life If you miss it you're a square 	sadness
	Omg its only my birthday for 7 more minutes KingJames Please tweet me  dustinzito	sadness
	Suddenly I become part of your past I'm becoming the part that don't last I'm losing you and its effortless 	sadness
	Why do I have absolutely NO pictures from black and white senior year? 	sadness
	I can't find the lights for the Christmas tree:c 	sadness
	Just left the hospital from visiting my dad 	sadness
	I really wish deer season  would hurry and end! I miss sleeping late with my husband spending time with him! BlakeCantrell11	sadness
	So I suppose we won't be moving closer together anytime soon?  	sadness
	getting sick real fast 	sadness
	I got lied to! No Victoria secret fashion show tonight? 	sadness
	should come to my home because i am terribly bored 	sadness
	Ugh game isn't showing on ANY of my channels 	sadness
	Listening to graduation while sitting next to my best friend 	sadness
	Saw Nick Kroll and Will Ferrell ALMOST make out And just like that a dream I didn't even know I had has been crushed to bits 	sadness
	totally :C  + the whole santana thing was sad :C And also kurt is like too disparate now of getting to NYADA :C 	sadness
	IM GONNA MISS MY UNLIMITED DATA 	sadness
	oh shiiizzz! Lol make sure you remind me of that tomorrow too lol I'll be losing a friend lol	sadness
	A week ago I was at Consol Energy Center getting ready to see Jay-Z and Kanye West Now I am memorizing drugs 	sadness
	My high school musical career is now over 	sadness
	Truth talks always make you feel different after 	sadness
	i wont be home for the hales v D game	sadness
	I'm not doing anything till about 4 or 5 so if you want to hang yeah Not going to the CVILLE game anymore GO WILDCATS!	sadness
	RIP to Patrice O'Neal A great comic that was taken from us far too soon A brilliant  talented entertainer HE WILL BE MISSED! 	sadness
	Shame they got a whole band on stage and they still playing a track too this is what's wrong with the industry	sadness
	I give up I'm going to bed Hopefully the 106 other components install by the time I wake uppp :(  	sadness
	Note to self: Selfdon't make track edits at 2:50 in the morning no one will be awake to critique them   	sadness
	I knw FAMU is in trouble wen Gov Rick Scott gets involved nd wnts to investigate	sadness
	Damn just ran out of milk and still have one cup of coffee left in the maker  	sadness
	I'm silently cutting tomatoes at work WISH I HAD THE BALLS TO CUT MYSELF  	sadness
	I miss the old Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon 	sadness
	Those night when you have absolutely nothing to do or no one to hang out with 	sadness
	I really want to bake bread right now But it takes the dough forever to rise 	sadness
	my parents said no to your balck dress so i bring it to you wednesday otay?	sadness
	a thin line and sometimes no damn line at all! gang initiation = hazing in the eyes of many! 	sadness
	Student being harassed because he argued with a teacher He might have to go on his knees and beg for his admit card nw 	sadness
	the same here but dont worry our time is coming	sadness
	i hate when im looking for my asians and i cant find them in all their usual spots 	sadness
	hahahaha much as I would LOVE to I have meetings pretty much all day 	sadness
	My mom doesn't understand my bad mood is directly correlated to the fact I still haven't eaten 	sadness
	Oh it gets even sadder Apparently he just started his own business and they're his first potential investors or something 	sadness
	Not getting married to because of  =   late night talks hahaha ashmarie_a	sadness
	Turns out is the poor-man's Nathan Drake But he cannot pull off the half-tuck 	sadness
	What's wrong is there's no SNOW in the forecast!! Nooooooooo!!! My new skis will be ever so sad   	sadness
	The feeling you get when you see that Back to the Future is on only to realize that IT JUST ENDED! 	sadness
	Some people on twitter actually believe all the things they say on twitter ~ 	sadness
	I'm hoping to sleep in tomorrow But that might not happen 	sadness
	 The moment you realize the books you were gonna sell back are rented and you don't own them	sadness
	Wishin I was goin duck huntin In the morning and not taking an algebra exam! 	sadness
	UghI feel ugly Wait! I am ugly = ( 	sadness
	another day i have nothing interesting to tweet about 	sadness
	I would have hope the rankings had been accurate Now its  time :-(	sadness
	Can't stand whn I get off that's when I'm WIDE AWAKE {O_O}  	sadness
	:((( Miss kaka- announce lng po ni ms Tzarina n wla n nga daw pong class Ble See you nextnxt week n lng po)	sadness
	At work and every blonde girl that passes I think it's ambscrowe94 I miss her! 	sadness
	It sucks when you're enjoying a movie and you know it's a minute away from ending 	sadness
	 RT MyOriginality: We live in a generation of not being in love and not being together	sadness
	ohmypotato time for bed Space Program tomorrow! 	sadness
	One Day completely sad endingg! I cried 	sadness
	I think about you baby and I dream about you all the time 	sadness
	Kpele!!!RT EzNira: Can't sleep n I'm too tired to play dress up 	sadness
	Thank God for DVR I have to work and miss the Victoria's secret fashion show! !	sadness
	8 years later? wwwnextmoviecom/blog/the-dark-knight-rises-8-year-delay/ its also officially the last one  	sadness
	you guys made Terrie upset last night!! 	sadness
	me miss the time we used to be franns and actually hang out :'( 	sadness
	Its sad to think that out of my close group of friends none of us are looking at the same colleges for next year 	sadness
	home girl sorry to bust that bubble of yours but  retweeting you don't mean I like you 	sadness
	It took alot for me to say Hi  wave with a smile on my face But meh I know now you don't care Ended waving at a rail post :( 	sadness
	Rah on peut rien de cacher ! Je pleurs toutes les larmes de mon corps 	sadness
	Two fire alarms taking away your lounges and sleep 	sadness
	I really don't want to go back to MD the city is a million times better 	sadness
	thats literally the definition of my life these days 	sadness
	MEHHH just had to break down and buy a new phone 	sadness
	I mean I know it was Btw Being with Amberlyn and you for 2 days makes me feel so lonely now! 	sadness
	How sad am I that I'm sitting in the food court alone eating food from home 	sadness
	Wow Rough Night   = More  Argg	sadness
	I want to love you! Why won't you accept my love????  	sadness
	I should never be allowed to pick out movies Ever Goodness! 	sadness
	sad I missed bowling I had a migraine 	sadness
	yea thats all I heard i was excited and I know u guys were too haha	sadness
	Just lost four fake followers over the weekend  	sadness
	Man I wish I was back in high school But only because I miss basketball 	sadness
	just took a test to see if i could move to canada   	sadness
	Then I just realized I'll be missing my 2 favorite cousins this Christmas Last year we were all together 	sadness
	can't believe your sick you better get ready to rage tonight  you leave tomorrow  	sadness
	My cell phone has low battery I don't know where my charger is 	sadness
	Every sports team I cheer for kicks me straight in the sack 	sadness
	haha no! I had a weird dreamI remembered it earlier but I can't now 	sadness
	it makes me sad when I look at your profile and it says doesnt follow h_kristen tear (& 	sadness
	Have the feeling I'm gonna lose something important 	sadness
	Mmmmm Thanks to JP Morgan for brownies :) shame isn't here to enjoy them  	sadness
	Damn nobody showed me any love today 	sadness
	I hate that moment when your on top of the world happier then ever then something has to sweep it out from under you  	sadness
	ALBINISM is the saddest thing since spectacular offered a grinding competition 	sadness
	You know that moment after you drink the last of your Minute Maid Fruit Punch 	sadness
	Why must people lie about getting me food? 	sadness
	Movie on black civil rights?   kanye lol	sadness
	I can only get my purple hair dye online	sadness
	When you have to get up to get off the bus but you got comfy in your spot :'( 	sadness
	Thought I'd gotten myself a fly orange jersey online turns out it was from China  credit co rejected the purchase 	sadness
	The band concert and meeting should be exciting I'm just sad I'll miss glee and big bang theory 	sadness
	Just landed in minnesota hells yeah but now gtg to a funeral 	sadness
	omg how could i forget! I wana be there so baddd :'( i miss u too love 	sadness
	wow i dont think my life could suck more butthole than it already does 	sadness
	oh wow this is a firstthe popup ad that I was actually interested in reading disappeared without me clicking it 	sadness
	haha sounds like a deal btw I haven't seen you in years 	sadness
	had a truly wonderful evening catching up with my nephew la spiga in cap hill so wish he lived closer 	sadness
	also leaving school early tomorrow  then not going to school Wednesday  That's when my sister leaves  ' ( !!	sadness
	Raleigh's is no more?  I will always fondly recall the many nights that began there  	sadness
	Looks like this is gonna be the first night ina whiiiile I sleep sober :/	sadness
	I saw the santa at the mall yesterday U needa be 10 to take a pic with him	sadness
	Found my old keyboard pity its not my old drum kit 	sadness
	i couldnt play in the game today due to a broken heart caused by  	sadness
	What happens when we leave and you wont be there whenwe get back?   	sadness
	I just opened a bottle a few min ago lol Its just the universe's way of maintaining balance :) RT anabellebf: I'm out of wine! 	sadness
	Gotta bring back hunter today at noon! 	sadness
	I wish I was as weird as I used to be I had more friends back then Hahaha 	sadness
	That moment when you're expecting a text from someone you hear your phone chime but find that it was just an e-mail 	sadness
	Happy birthday ! No such fitness is on this years Xfactor 	sadness
	I could totally Liz/Jade bitch gif Demi right now but I turned off my comp already 	sadness
	yeah dude The album is dopeness to the ear drums What a talent What a voice 	sadness
	masih ada phil jones smalling  fryers :) RT dewiijayanti: people are crazy to let vidic-ferdinand go out from our place  	sadness
	heey Gemma part à la fin du semestre :( :(	sadness
	Apparently there's no new Castle tonight :((((((	sadness
	Late night talks at timmies with van 	sadness
	i would like to play //& my wife wont stop playing //& forever //&  	sadness
	Totally!! lol anyway i'll text you on Wednesday cause i got my phone takin away :( hearts pee stain :)	sadness
	but your missing game night it won't be the same without you :( 	sadness
	gooodmorning my love i misss u so much and its only been 3 days coming home tmrw just to seee u! u toooo=)	sadness
	Nothing to eat ): I search and search Peanuts are good :D Who is this hot person?! (	sadness
	This is my 100th tweet If I would of kept my other twitter account it would be my 1000th :( 	sadness
	Ever fell in love with an article of clothing-only to wait too late to buy it hope that skirt turns up on ebay	sadness
	My dad made a campfire We have chocolate and grahmcrackers but no marshmallowswhat even is this /33 	sadness
	Man I really want some olive garden wish my hubby was home to take me :( 	sadness
	physics was the death of my first year 	sadness
	Dropped my muffin on the ground in the pouring rain And my feet are soaking wet   	sadness
	It's sad u know when two people break up when both their profile pics change 	sadness
	im missing this girl more and more each day 	sadness
	Sometimes i do wish i had black hairit is much eaiser to find hair weave   :(	sadness
	Boo for medication! Longing 4 a glass of wine 	sadness
	When ppl don't know whats going on in ur life they go crazy tryin to find out what's going on wit you 	sadness
	Av found my inspiration 4 poetry strange buh i gat 3 complete pieces already :o feel lik f*ing shakespear today!	sadness
	The last made my eyes get real soggy! !!??	sadness
	It's official I miss my golden brown hair 	sadness
	you should be excited you're in CHICAGO! But I can't go to water tower place tonight : ( 	sadness
	that really sad moment when you realize its not your birthday anymore	sadness
	ARRRRRG! Curse my 3G Phone telling me this Product is incompable for this phone :(  for iPhone 	sadness
	Dogs are coming home from the war with post traumatic stress disorder :( 	sadness
	Lunch today consisted of Starbucks and Taco Bell For some reason my belly hurts 	sadness
	My puppy gets surgery tomorrow Omg ): 	sadness
	Played Skyrim for first time since patch horrible framerate I suspect is caused by their dual core optimisations 	sadness
	I be on heavy chill mode just bobbin my headthen I just pause  search for another song	sadness
	Downloaded  update on my iPhone but still can't access the new site on the web… 	sadness
	Missing you isn't the problem it's wondering if you'll ever come back that's killing me 	sadness
	it's when you look back and think of all the fun you had as a child	sadness
	I'd rather not ruin another friendship so I'll keep my distance 	sadness
	nothing is worse than hearing everyone leaving for the football game while you are trying to write a paper 	sadness
	I wish I could baby! I'm feeling lonely too! 	sadness
	Take your Feelings like and put them into a picture  thats what I doI don't I  my 	sadness
	She fell asleep before i could say goodnight  now i will have no sleep 	sadness
	Omg this poor deer!!! On the bus and a deers laying there dead :_( 	sadness
	The saddest words to me would be inconsolable devastated anguished desolatecheerless forlorn lost bereaved and undone 	sadness
	My behavior on days when I don't get a nap has changed little since I was 5   	sadness
	the moment when you leap into bed and accidentallyy pull a muscle  	sadness
	I might not be able to watch James Bond tonight 	sadness
	Almost every girl on my TL vex tonight 	sadness
	thanks for the coupon mom just reminding me no zoo lights for me this year 	sadness
	atleast I don't talk to people I've never even met 	sadness
	The moment when the couple you thought would never break up do 	sadness
	its a lonely world this that we live in 	sadness
	my computer no longer functions without freezing every time I click on something 	sadness
	No one in Modesto goes Black Friday shopping cause all the big name stores are 45 minutes away  	sadness
	yah it got knocked down so my duty days are officially over 	sadness
	the olivia couture wedding dress i thought might be the one isn't available for purchase anymore 	sadness
	Mensen pingen met een BB wat niet van hun is whahahah 	sadness
	this is the first year im not watching the macy's thanskgiving day parade since i was like 5 	sadness
	I wish my and twitter friends were in my real life :( 	sadness
	Yeah but people buy the same crap here the only difference is fewer locations and limited hours  	sadness
	True no more open wheel series should race on Las Vegas oval anytime  	sadness
	 when you find an adorable dress and you can't fit it because it's too big and they don't make a bigger size 	sadness
	Wish I could have seen live in concert for days :(	sadness
	Almost time to leave Florida and go back to cold Michigan! :( 	sadness
	era meglio quella dove c'ero io 	sadness
	Why your creations are only for very thin people?? I'm in deep here :(	sadness
	Somebody's 22 year old son was killed this morning 	sadness
	When I think I'm feeling better I start to feel worse  	sadness
	I guess that means no date :( 	sadness
	  I miss Family Matters and Step by Step 	sadness
	A little piece of me does when I see a skinny stray cat 	sadness
	True! Wawa naman yung mga dinadamay nila sa Tuna coupling na yan tsk tsk :(( 	sadness
	never want to see any theory of finance ever again  exam unfortunately you will make me your bitch in a couple weeks 	sadness
	How can it already be Thanksgiving Break tomorrow night!!! 	sadness
	trist følese og ha sett alle friday night lights for andre 2 gangmå vell vente noen mnd før jeg ser alt på nytt 	sadness
	Bought a sweet new comforter brought it home and it was too short 	sadness
	And that makes 3  retired  Questionable for season LaMarcus_Aldridge Heart 	sadness
	Most of my friends left and tomorrow is my birthday 	sadness
	Someone rear-ended my car this morning Okay not my ACTUAL car but a silver Acura TSX 	sadness
	Well as long as we don't quit :/ But it isn't gonna be the same at all :( 	sadness
	Christmas songs lie to me The say jump in bedcover your head cause Santa clause is coming tonightyet Santa doesn't come 	sadness
	Home sweet cold home  	sadness
	I'd love daylight savings an all if I didn't have slight night blindness 	sadness
	Just let me live senior year all over againplease:(I'll give anything 	sadness
	Finally put the miata on the lot for sale 	sadness
	I love ur family!!! Ahahah adottamiiiiii qua a tavola bevo solo io e uno deo fratello! 	sadness
	had to leave my best friends house! :(	sadness
	kennedy wont send me taylor swift perfume  	sadness
	I'm also not wearing sleeves tonight Every time this happens I always feel really butch 	sadness
	sadly we were not aware of how busy it would be so didn't book Cheviot_Publish	sadness
	Io: Mamma c'è Zachary che sta dalla nonna negli Stati Uniti! Ci andiamo anche noi?& madre: Come no ci andiamo subito!  	sadness
	gettinv but kicked at scrabble Need to go back to english class  some d's on it!!!	sadness
	I Remember When I Didn't Know Exactly Wht An Orgasm Was But I Was Having Sex Tho 	sadness
	I miss having a smart phone I hate have to do everything myself  	sadness
	Three hours script edits and a giant Art Department email later and I STILL haven't touched my essay today Or worked out 	sadness
	no Walking Dead tonight! arggghhhhh 	sadness
	I've got no idea how are we gonna fill in the void for next 25 league games plus the cup games:/ 	sadness
	john daley aka sweets said watch tonights bones if you like to cry:( 	sadness
	depressed that i missing the AMAs :( stop tweeting you're making things worse with your necessary commentary 	sadness
	I not fine I guess its time to be alone Away 	sadness
	all cod games have the spawning issue 	sadness
	A chunk of our tree lights are out I have to go to the STORE ahhhhhh!  	sadness
	Ughhhhh I have to cut my hair for basic and it has to be above my collarsoon to be  ) 	sadness
	This whole time Hershel had Sofia in the Walker Barn  for shame   	sadness
	Some people will always live there life doing nothing and being sad 	sadness
	homies all go to ride ponies I look at them like a sad puppy  	sadness
	Coming home to a lovely warm bed but with the sad realization that you've only got 1/2 an hour till you have to leave again! 	sadness
	you might have made my night!  Tell your dad sorry Annabelle wasn't there:/ haha 	sadness
	Studying quiz/class nada class shower reading and homework 	sadness
	I absolutely hate math! Definitely failed this test 	sadness
	I feel as though you are trying to indirectly insult me 	sadness
	Just got followed by 7 new girls who if they were real I would hit on without shame Unfortunately they seem like bots 	sadness
	Mina and I would get really excited to play Mario Kartbut Sam won't go ask Ryan for it 	sadness
	I'm woundering y in the world is 25 days of christmas startin so early?! its gonna end on the 15th! wtf? 	sadness
	The awkward moment when your bag and wallet get locked in the French room  	sadness
	No fuse today plus no goodmorning text 	sadness
	my car got broken into at office maxwhat an awesome day i have no phone or camera or window 	sadness
	Alarm set for 5 hours and 7 minutes from now 	sadness
	My cat likes my bf way more than she likes me 	sadness
	Certain man are trying to make their riches by playing roulette 	sadness
	I knowwww I feel sick thinking about it 	sadness
	Oh no Budget troubles have killed this year's San Jose holiday parade Such a fun tradition 	sadness
	Mid-Season finale of the  	sadness
	Wish I could tweet what I'm feelingsummary: 	sadness
	 PJ Gore is in no way related to frank gore 	sadness
	Naturally I had to read all about them tonight and find out that poachers have them on the edge of extinction 	sadness
	I don't wanna leave UMass even if it's only for 5 days :( 	sadness
	I wish I could fall asleep so everything would stop hurting       	sadness
	And apparently I have been so selfish that now all of you have left =[    3	sadness
	apparently I'm allergic to most seafood :(	sadness
	I think I need to put the flip flop away yall 	sadness
	It will be awfully different not seeing big Albert in a cardinal uniform 	sadness
	wait since Sancha will be there We can't share nachos And I was really looking forward to that 	sadness
	That moment when they post an opening for your dream job but you don't have the relevant experience to get it 	sadness
	milk is starting 2 taste weird /3	sadness
	Why am I heading to Sydney tomorrow when I should be going to Melbourne to see my one true love!!!! Wahhhh!! 	sadness
	boredom want to plat skyrim but at a part tht i CANT beat for my LIFE! y does tht guy have to shoot icicles 	sadness
	I am feeling something take over I dont wanna talk to anybody or do anything im watching TV 	sadness
	i should have taken spanish but i wanted to be difficult Now i'm regretting my decision 	sadness
	Fuck the world and free the weak 	sadness
	holly moley I can't remember the last time!! 	sadness
	I never  true  until I was with u  and I never felt true until u left me  	sadness
	Where art thou my china eyes? 	sadness
	aww sad well I sad my teacher likes the broncos and I said that's 	sadness
	-_- RT In France in 2011 SNCF choosed to have a Full-Flash homepage I guess they just launched a Myspace page	sadness
	It's been a week and half since the last time I played a round of golf  I hate winter	sadness
	Harry Potter marathon! Yippeee! I hate you're working and missing it 	sadness
	Was craving some Buddy's pizza but there was an hour wait ended up at JAlexanders	sadness
	“LizRose82389: starting a Yoga class in late January if anyone's interested” you know I'd be down lizzard! Too bad I'm not closer! 	sadness
	It's kind of depressing when I keep losing followers 	sadness
	Lead in bed thinking about my Novembers in 2009 2010  2011 Something they have in common?!  	sadness
	I just found out that like 5 of my aunts have twitters and none of them follow me they all follow my sister /3	sadness
	For the record  was right I was wrong It wasn't a late fee it was the end of the promotional rate 	sadness
	I hate when u don't show up 	sadness
	Lmao RT Snell?? lol RT: I had to ask why her friend won't give me no play *side-eye* 	sadness
	Wondering where in the world is ?! I've not seen any inspiration from him lately 	sadness
	Already mad that tomorrow is going to suck  do I do?:/	sadness
	There is no ninth period Eighth period I was in my room We were watching Despicable Me Holcombe was in there too  	sadness
	Just realized this will be the first Christmas in two years that I won't get a treat bag from  the library crew 	sadness
	Ooooooh shit just found thingsaboutgirlfriends tumblr! Lets get ready to be sad!!  	sadness
	even more sad! I remember waking up extra early during high school just to listen to his show 	sadness
	That's the best you got? Good luck getting me in a cage I'm little but mighty I can take you	sadness
	Im such a huge fan of youand yet you don't follow me	sadness
	Im gonna make a maroon 5 kandi bracelet! Waiti cant I dont have a 5 bead	sadness
	No decent dancing pictures form Friday 	sadness
	Guess I should write my paper(s) now 	sadness
	I can't :/ I have a respiratory infection and have to get the rest of my research together for my debate tomorrow night 	sadness
	amyysaurus_rex: lol I love our extended wal-Mart trips! 3 :'( /3 I've been replaced 	sadness
	I hate days like today 	sadness
	terrible headache+15 hours left at work+hungry= 	sadness
	Who could hurt a baby?! Just heard a little 7 year old was found in a dumpster 	sadness
	I love the  cover album but Justin Beiber? Really 	sadness
	eagles converting on 4th and 20 against green bay in the playoffs a couple years ago  	sadness
	noo my geography homework!and its in for first lesson!:'( 	sadness
	So should I just turn off the TV now? Because this is upsetting  	sadness
	I ain tink he face fat he maybe tryin to get it fat 	sadness
	Eh RYAN GOSLING With the slightest possibility of such sexiness in our midst we are but blinded hopeful fangirls 	sadness
	So the line was too long to get a salted caramel mocha //3 	sadness
	well I guess some people jus dun wanna be happy 	sadness
	Holy crap!!! I got a whole TWO followers!!!! Life is just great 	sadness
	bro me so hungry! -___- but my mother won't let me eat so i guess she wants me to starve myself AGAIN! 	sadness
	The only things that ease the pain at all   	sadness
	She has the ass of a 14 year old Asian girl 	sadness
	Oh my God I just got an INTENSE craving for Knockout Wings Smh 	sadness
	nooooo it's a sign of things to comeno car no bike 	sadness
	ouch! -- I thought I was a debt free man (besides mortgage) before reading those stats 	sadness
	i made a stupid ass decision it friggen sucks i want a job so badly	sadness
	That awkward moment when u drop your fudgesicle down the stairs 	sadness
	Trying to support a friend whose world just came crashing down on her 	sadness
	I would change my name right now to Handsome Dick Manitoba  But it's already taken  	sadness
	 out loud it helps cleanse your mind    	sadness
	Grrr rain and possible snow scheduled for entirety of previously-scheduled outside shooting days 	sadness
	so I'm back for like 5 daysworkin' at cfact and you don't even come visit :( 	sadness
	Aaaannnddd I'm not going to get my lens  flash in time   Now to try  come up with a plan b 	sadness
	Ya callenseee ya se que todos van a chalet hoy :( 	sadness
	OMG no all my family got to it before i had a chance and it was my birthday cant believe i missed out 	sadness
	Sometimes it takes to know  noise to   and absence to value  ~ Unknown  	sadness
	I miss my dog  my best friend  Dezi  even David's bitchness I miss my nerdherd  i won't see them for 5 days 	sadness
	Nooooo! My dad turned off the internet so I can't listen to band music! 	sadness
	 Is The Friend That Wants You AroundIs The Enemy That Wants To Keep You DownChoose to be !!!! :-)	sadness
	I lost my tanning goggles:( 	sadness
	It's such a cock tease to win the heisman and listen to less than impressive speakers	sadness
	So close to Big Lots and yet I can't go 	sadness
	i was there in soho one week ago i feel really blue now  	sadness
	I can tell that your not use to the truth all the time It's sad really   	sadness
	No 3 on 3 tourney this morninghell I don't even think anyone signed up besides me and like 2 people	sadness
	Tom's changed his Twitter username TOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DON'T LEAVE ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	sadness
	Been in my living room for almost 2 days straight lol	sadness
	9 décembre 2011 l Europe à 2 vitesses est définitivement en marche 	sadness
	I want coffee2 days in a row without it 	sadness
	harris teeter coming back from potomacyou weren't there 	sadness
	When your bed at home isn't as comfy as the one at school 	sadness
	So basically wish I could have been shooting tonight since there is no photographers in the pit 	sadness
	my California cousins left today It was definitely a good time though 	sadness
	Needing coffee Why do I not live closer to a Starbucks 	sadness
	If u r listening to 850 right now understand why I am embarrassed to be a Clevelander! 	sadness
	Could really do with a home cooked meal from future wife right about now 	sadness
	No afternoon nap for me burning my episodes into DVD to prepare for Stu the Hard Drive's reformat :(	sadness
	3:30am my guy friend was gonna come up to my window and I fell asleep  before he came :( 	sadness
	That moment when you finally accept the truth that you aint shit to her and you never will be 	sadness
	At my sister's for dinner Without my own phone or laptop :/	sadness
	Everyone on the east coast is already taking their thanksgiving napsss  	sadness
	 RT mikeallen: WASHINGTON (AP) - Rep Barney Frank's office says he won't seekre-election in 2012	sadness
	Why are there christmas movies on TV?!?! i'm not ready for cold weather yet 	sadness
	haha nah man I'll miss that lab actually and last clad with ya 	sadness
	Can't you see how this is killing me inside I love you too much and I still do/: 	sadness
	lol I have no idea On a side note I haven't read it since may 	sadness
	my anxiety is so high i was shaking WHY does my child hate me / im tired of crying and feeling like a failure and a mom 	sadness
	Whose Wiz Khalifa? shake of the head in disbelief  	sadness
	left my coffee and muffin in my last class :( 	sadness
	jealousy And them not playing anywhere near me the rest of the year? :/ 	sadness
	Lapit kn dating Magiging friends pb tyo??? Magppansinan pb??? O wala na tlga chance to talk 	sadness
	Yeah it does! Esp since I want to pursue an acting career  	sadness
	been waiting for this moment for forever  just too scared to to  	sadness
	gonna be at work during the  game today 	sadness
	che sfaiga! Io non so perchè sono così tranquilla forse perchè ho la consapevolezza di non avere soldi :( 	sadness
	Can't have my Apple Jacks there's no ice for my milk :( 	sadness
	Ugh worst night :( 	sadness
	Also someone took down the Swanson Pyramid of Greatness that was in the lab 	sadness
	All I wanted was a Monday morning makeover and my salon is closed 	sadness
	well I'm still kinda jealous!! Weren't you involved with a wonderful guy not to long ago?	sadness
	I miss her so much Huhhhh!!! If only i had that chance to b with her before she left!!! 	sadness
	I don't wanna goo to school :'( !!!  	sadness
	At this very moment in history nothing important has happened and nothing ever will 	sadness
	Je suis en train de finir Secret of Mana Je vais enfin pouvoir mourir en paix    	sadness
	Can't believe there will be no more Buehrle on the south side He'll just be at South Beach instead 	sadness
	Amazon lied about two day shipping My phone isn't coming until Wednesday! 	sadness
	No Booster Juice on campus 	sadness
	Sebastian Village is pissing me off I still don't have my mailbox key 	sadness
	Feeling like a dope In Vegas most of my coworkers were also friends (you know who you are!) Here I can't seem to make that happen 	sadness
	Visiting sister at her job Don't want to grow up 	sadness
	S'allonger pour l'éternité Tout oublier ne plus avoir de regrets arrêter de se faire mal 	sadness
	104 characters can't describe my feelings right now 	sadness
	Ang lungkot lang Alam mong may BV sayo andaming gawain tapos mukhang sad and makakarelate pa ako sa The Distance To Andromeda 	sadness
	I would have work on a great day when I could be on the bike or setting up for Xmas wit mom drinking coquito 	sadness
	I hear Michelle Duggar's baby passed And that people are saying shitty things about it I'm glad I don't see that in my stream 	sadness
	At the end of the day more Americans will know about the Herman Cain press conference than the climate change one  	sadness
	Finally homenow off to the funeral 	sadness
	friday night at home without mom that's gonna be  T_T	sadness
	Weehh Ricki Lake made Derek lose :'(  	sadness
	first day of not wearing my cross necklace since i got it and i'm not getting it back til christmas 	sadness
	So erkd Been doing this speech for a week  still can't get it Yea I'm boutta fail my communications class -__- 	sadness
	wow that is a lot no peanut butter 	sadness
	many ppl lie 2 themselves even when 1 cud plainly point out 2 dat person totally rationally reasons why they're lying 2 themselves 	sadness
	Unable to download Path because I have an ancient iPod 	sadness
	my family stilll doesnt have a tree up and i will tweet this every day untill we do the haisley house	sadness
	Good morning my honey missing you loads have a good day	sadness
	Not gonna lie I'm hungry But Mom packed all the food for tomorrow's trip back home 	sadness
	feet are killing  hate standing all day work 	sadness
	Was so excited that it was saturday last day of my work week  Then I remembered that I have to work tomorrow too 	sadness
	Hey friends stop drifting away from me  I miss you all 	sadness
	What the hell has happened to the online LA Times Crossword puzzle? 	sadness
	Mo' Money Mo' Problems 	sadness
	I'm going to miss my little brother so much when I go to college 	sadness
	+1 :P RT It pains my heart to see leave 	sadness
	Slightly bummed out- I have english muffins left over from my party but no butter to put on them after toasting 	sadness
	I hate the rain Wish I could go home 	sadness
	Oro allora :)son spariti tutti da twitter oggi 	sadness
	Seeing the Iphone 4S advert and wanting it! Way out of my budget! 	sadness
	Really wanna watch a movie but my brother has the PS3 :( 	sadness
	Said jeans were sighed over admired sighed over again smoothed admired sighed over and finally thrown into the Goodwill pile 	sadness
	Are kids these days going to grow up thinking Dr Dre just made headphones? 	sadness
	if this was the last new episode of  i ever get to watch i may just cry :'( 	sadness
	Ok estudiantes of Oklahoma State the student section is basically empty  	sadness
	Happy thanksgiving :)  thanksgiving breakfast then my game Last cheerleading game of the session 	sadness
	Kinda feels weird having people grow up in a faster pace than me 	sadness
	When you learn that your computer is broken until March you are going to be depressed   	sadness
	Missing my flat tummy ): its always super flat in the morning and then in the evening its like hugee :/ 	sadness
	As soon as I get back home I'll be ready to go back to campus 	sadness
	I wish there was a forever 21 where I live :(  or that I had a Visa 	sadness
	He think he so in luv he in luv wit a slut 	sadness
	I guess I should be thankful I even have a job but not being able to eat with my family doesn't make me thankful for anything :/ 	sadness
	EATING A 1KG TUB OF STRAWBERRY YOGHURT BUT MY STRAWBERRIES ALL SUNK TO THE BOTTOM 	sadness
	I feel like my hairs getting shorter  maybe its because i rash about short hair  	sadness
	I didn't grow up as I should you (heigh) the worse: I know is all my fault 	sadness
	Kinda ruins your day when you check twitter and you have one less follower 	sadness
	Why don't we have more inspring people like John Keating? 	sadness
	I can't help but to think Tia's---(Melanie off the game) pregnancy is the only reason The Game's season won't begin in January 	sadness
	welp my fucking day started out great! -______- hopefully work will cheer me up  	sadness
	Everyday I see someone getting their acceptance letter and I die a little inside because I havent gotten mine yet ):	sadness
	Driving a convertible in the rain is such a depressing thing 	sadness
	Shut your dirty mouth!!! This is one of those days when I need flowers! 	sadness
	Went to the Oregon Duck game last night saw and  	sadness
	she's a Toydarian! Mind tricks don't work on she 	sadness
	Kourtney Kardashian pregnant with baby  in the same week Kim said she felt destined to never have children 	sadness
	This movie adjusment bureau is crazydude goin fool and he aint even taste the smack smh 	sadness
	Lmao wht I just heardthis chick iS so intimidated by me and I'm not in the picture! 	sadness
	For some reason naps make my eyes swell up I gotta fight the urge to nap now :( 	sadness
	This is the first year I won't be a crazy on black Friday 	sadness
	Just said bye to my girls I won't see them until next August after spending 3 months as their mentor!	sadness
	wahhhhh! left substitute phone charger at work  my real charger is broken! my phone is dead so no phone til tomorrow! =((((	sadness
	welcome to my life 5 days a week 3 	sadness
	Don't you love the feeling you get when you realize you lost a follower on twitter! 	sadness
	I hate knowing we are splitting apart\3 	sadness
	No it doesn't work like that!  You are supposed to call or text back TODAY while it is still a day early!  X(  	sadness
	Great comes with  The result is often in Look in the mirror look at urself what u see is often the  himself	sadness
	Ion get it? What satifiscation do you get out of telling everyone your pregnant when your not?????? 	sadness
	 drifting the shit out of fort mall parking lot  	sadness
	Tomorrow looks to be a Coke day! Boom baby  	sadness
	Wow when someone gets in to a relationship  they automatically do to facebook  thats what i call 	sadness
	I forget how it feels to like someone  I miss da days of crushing but im happy w/ my relationship !	sadness
	Non mi hanno consegnato l'abete quest'anno =( T____T  e io ora cosa faccio senza albero di natale 	sadness
	sitting with tommy's granny chattin about rossnowlagh :( feels weird i havent been up all year 	sadness
	Saying that exams are next week I dub this Friday useless and will officially be no fun  	sadness
	I'VE LOST MY BAG OF CANDY  I better not have trashed it Golly I'm starting to think I'm getting really absentminded	sadness
	 Cue-Ball Slaphead Kojak Egghead Chrome Dome MegaMind Sir Recede-A-Lot Mr No Friends   	sadness
	They don't have Poland springs water in the airport 	sadness
	The ONLY thing that makes me feel better about  getting knocked out is that bayern beat city 	sadness
	Anne Hathaway will never be my wife? :'( Congrats Anne -- I love you 3	sadness
	what time is it???  time?? LOOL no not a chance 	sadness
	A little sad today My grandma's sister passed yesterday and I can't be there for granny! Damn college :-( 	sadness
	my sister changed its water and killed it longest time I've ever had a fish 	sadness
	you're so welcome madelineerich8! so glad I could make your night! love you please don't leave me :( i'm gonna miss you so much! 	sadness
	So I guess I'm not going to drunken game night 	sadness
	Ladies appreciate your men they just might be selling skyrim to get you a christmas present 	sadness
	Sooo tired but can't fall asleep 	sadness
	Ahhhh! I missed you AGAIN! :( I'm going to have to move to Australia aren't I I miss you soooo much! DionneLister	sadness
	I miss her like a lot but she wants nothing to do with me So I guess its time to give up swallowed by 	sadness
	How Can Your Afro Be Sticking Out The Back Of Your Snap Back :O 	sadness
	Did you delete your fbook? I just went to respond to your magnificent tv post but I could not find it  	sadness
	I guess you will have to wait and find out if you die or not 	sadness
	Oh I feel it !& the mall with my mom   	sadness
	That really obvious thing that the one person you want to notice doesn't 	sadness
	what happens if you pay with your card but there's no balance left then you pay with cash or whatever no stars?! 	sadness
	:( ughh work is gna fucking suck ass now since ur leaving 	sadness
	imagination of thoughts  imagery distort reality it is ur personal interpretation in that moment Drop it  	sadness
	sometimes its like i live in a zoo because it is so loud  i actually think im going to miss this zooone week til i move out 	sadness
	I really want to visit Eric Foremans' basement but the cast memeber took everything Lol 	sadness
	Determined to make my mom's birthday great cause she'll be all depressed since my dad isn't here 	sadness
	Volleyball season is over correction high school volleyball is over /3  	sadness
	The awkward moment when you wake up at 8 to find out your traveling in less that an hour :( 	sadness
	Happiness is a reward not a reaction  	sadness
	Aw that was a cute Kim and Kris moment 	sadness
	Come visit me at Cerritos mall Here all night by myself 	sadness
	shit nvm i jus googled itt that's what my uncle wearss! he's gone till march tho ( 	sadness
	Department stores are ruining the true meaning behind the holiday season which is about spending time with family and friends 	sadness
	have u missed the point of  auch a dry spell desserts feel for him 	sadness
	you switched to iPhone!!!! had no idea gotta delete u a a bbm contact now! 	sadness
	Let go of the distraction long enough 2 sense reality       	sadness
	I just found out I still have Dragonsong from when I was a kid(stolen from my public school library btwhee!)	sadness
	FIFA tournament with the boys Milan is now out in the semi-final to City Eternal sadness!  	sadness
	It's a huge part of my life and I can't tell anybody except SOME family 	sadness
	stressing and running out of time to get this stuff done! 	sadness
	3/4 length pajama bottoms are full length on me     	sadness
	I hate when people call me selfish its the meanest thing you can say to meworst feeling ever 	sadness
	  when you find out you girlfriends in a relationship with another girl	sadness
	Poor KaitlinWilbanks she needs sleep so bad  	sadness
	Waaaaaah my shirt is deteriorating as we speak just because I pulled one thread 	sadness
	Crying so hard right now Drako killed the FUCK outta Dumbledore 	sadness
	you're such a business school success   	sadness
	haha mange tak men ja det kan du have ret i 	sadness
	about to shave my mug and my dome 	sadness
	Normally mih free tym wud be tlkn shit  gooffin around wif dah one i love buh l8ly it's been full of 	sadness
	Really wish I wouldn't get emails from  telling me all about their new bags that I can't have or afford right now 	sadness
	Final CSA cult meeting 	sadness
	So sad leaving NY Im going to miss my family my grandma  :(	sadness
	Dear Contests: I want to enter you but I don't have the $25 for an entry fee :[ 	sadness
	I guess I'd rather hurt than feel nothing at all!!!I need you now!!  it causes great 	sadness
	Amazing grace is the worst song Why is it sung at every funeral I go to? Every time I hear it I cry My body is still shaking 	sadness
	the best time to cry is in the rain so nobody can see your crying 	sadness
	NOOOKylie goes home today!  school starts tomorrow!=/ 	sadness
	WANT ENGLISH BULLDOG PUPPY   	sadness
	Batman isn't as small as he was when we got him last week 	sadness
	I miss hanging out with AM Lee and Jay Those were good times 	sadness
	Putting off decorating my house for Christmas until tomorrow Have to grade papers and write lesson plans tonight 	sadness
	they are nothing but a one sided news cast anyway so that's expected	sadness
	Bro team lost  Least he played with swag 	sadness
	that akward moment when your mom asks you to find out how much eharmony is 	sadness
	this shit hurt my feelings i'm unfollowing some one :( 	sadness
	All day I'm  for  to shatter  Join me	sadness
	they say bad news comes in 3s but we've surpassed that this month One more angel in the sky  	sadness
	you should change your bio you're not on the road with AI anymore 	sadness
	Gotta love those tv shows/ movies that make you cry! :( 	sadness
	Nice to see an old friend from camp come visit Missing my blue group! 	sadness
	It's always been a tradition in my family for all the girls to go shopping Thanksgiving night But we're not doing it this year :( 	sadness
	Helpin Brandon and brittany move her parents stuff! 	sadness
	Gah nooo I need a ds light charger asap :( the battery is dying man there goes my educational fun 	sadness
	after going to that alpha probate last nighti realized im a disgrace to the stereotype of black women dancing really well :(	sadness
	wooww i told u not to take pics of me in the locker room :/ 	sadness
	but I'm not allowed wearing them to school 	sadness
	thanksgiving dinners are epic deliciousness 	sadness
	I'm sitting in my car in my driveway jamming by myself  Bc I have no friends 	sadness
	I guess you can say I'm officially single :(	sadness
	My bunny ears of my cell phone cover are falling off 	sadness
	Stick with the true mates u got not the fake one that have a go at u for no reason 	sadness
	i am glad you had fun at your concert  I really wish you would RT me  I feel like giving up trying :'(  	sadness
	so tireddon't want break to be over just yet :(   	sadness
	ughhh im not gonna be with you all tomorrow cuz im on a ceramics trip :(((( i'll give coach my secret santa gift	sadness
	hates waking up when Im in a deep sleep :(	sadness
	Observing show choir rehursal because I don't want to go home 	sadness
	I need to wash my Car asap  its been raining n I ain't washed it n 3weeks 	sadness
	Went to the dentist and found out I have my first cavity in 10 years  	sadness
	For me this isn't just a dream but a bitter reality 	sadness
	Nick just officially left for Tennessee 	sadness
	Sitting here at the band banquet I'm slowly realizing that I will be giving a speech next year 	sadness
	Can't tell you how bad I feel right now quitting smoking :(	sadness
	Sick inflamed into my   Read these pages of my life n watch my story unfold	sadness
	Dropped my laptop and screen went blank while still on Good news: computer and screen are fine Bad news: lost 500 words of essay 	sadness
	I want to go into a cave and hidejust thinking of it will anyone miss me?  what do you think 	sadness
	Christmas is less than a month away and I'm already tired of most Christmas music! 	sadness
	yesmy eyes got so watery when the mom came from talking to the doc I thought Blair just lost the baby or something 	sadness
	Finally finished with matric and now I have to wait at school till 3 for a lift home wtf 	sadness
	Why do I feel like I've lost all my friends:?:-/ 	sadness
	I have 1 Christmas wish 1! And yet it just won't happen:( 	sadness
	I don't think I could be less excited for my birthday 	sadness
	My mom never makes food and my brother eats all the left overs 	sadness
	You know it's time to get your monthly allowance when your grandparents forgot how to answer the phone  	sadness
	at this time last week we were on the way home 	sadness
	curl around the concrete to keep warm on the dark nights and no debbie wont come and get you she hates missing x factor 	sadness
	Last bowling club meeting of the semester ? I think so	sadness
	Soo tired I don't want and to leave 	sadness
	My family just left me They're never coming back 	sadness
	going loner to target panache and hob lob	sadness
	after 6 years olf faithful backpacks zipper breaks 	sadness
	going to watch my teammates play for the first time in 9 years without being on the court with them  	sadness
	I hate watching movies set back when women didn't have rights They never get to be with the men they love 	sadness
	Just make it a lifelong event  RT madbec42: 2 minutes until  is over 	sadness
	it's so weird not being with my family this year 	sadness
	I want tater totscampus does not make tater tots 	sadness
	After tmrw you won't have the pleasure of my positive bubbly smiley presence! What are u going to do?? 	sadness
	people are crazy to let vidic-ferdinand go out from our place  	sadness
	Rememember that feeling when you was a kid and u opened a present to receive clothes  	sadness
	Such a messy girl RT erinava: Coffee all over my Bill Russell book :'( 	sadness
	Don't beat them down too bad! Lol	sadness
	i just played this stupid game for like ever and than died right before i was about to pass it 	sadness
	I realized that for all my love of horror movies I don't own a lot of them 	sadness
	Still in bed soo tired Can't get up Have lots of coursework Help     	sadness
	 was amazing too bad the finale is next week 	sadness
	Still at work finishing the edit for our special tomm on Herman Cain and I'm missing celebration at Gold Bar 	sadness
	date checking frozen section :( its never rotated properly :'( 	sadness
	I hate every time peanut takes a nap i can't / 	sadness
	Hate forwards that say if you do not forward this to 9 ppl god will not love you I'm pretty sure god will still love me ! :(	sadness
	when your ucas card doesnt get accepted as a discount card online 	sadness
	Busy busy day todayyyyy which includes getting tutored for math -_- 	sadness
	I don't think I'm going to get it though cos it's from America so that's like £30 + postage and import tax 	sadness
	This game is infuriating We're not losing But we should be winning by more 	sadness
	Ok gonna try hard to sleep now! Got work at 7 	sadness
	Billboard on the way home makes 3 apps I've made that I've seen advertised in the real world—easily my worst 3 	sadness
	this made me laugh cause i'll be in cabo  doubt i'll be getting one !! 	sadness
	I wanted to lay in bed for a bit but i guess im off to pay this thing befofe I can rest 	sadness
	My dog can't jump up on my bed anymore He needs to be carried 	sadness
	Apparently it is possible to have too much ice cream :( 	sadness
	Just cried watching The Last Song And I've seen it a billion times before 	sadness
	Im scared  disappointed to find out that you tweet  drive :/ 	sadness
	L'ami qui écoute sans repères de Sniper histoire un peu trop vrai pour lui Je vous avoue que je sais pas comment réagir là 	sadness
	BLAST!! I would've loved to get a shot of that beautiful display!! 	sadness
	 : I am officially addicted to caffeine Specifically 2 daily shots of espresso Wasted 3 coffee-less hrs not doing work	sadness
	Screw work screw winter I wish it was summer already 	sadness
	I feel like that light going out was symbolic of our hope dying 	sadness
	Flashbacks from the happy times in the past 	sadness
	wyy ppl put 9month olds in pageents wen sum kant even wlk! 	sadness
	so aren't coming to Atlanta on their NA tour next year	sadness
	I'm offended to learn isnt following me on twitter 	sadness
	Lark in the Morning Seattle: closed permanently 	sadness
	that song is my life I love him but only on my own 	sadness
	Thinking about going back to school literally depresses me Why did I take such awful classes my senior year? 	sadness
	Still hoping that life isn't one big fall: from the highest clouds to the cold dry ground 	sadness
	going in my bed and staying there in the dark for tonight and all of  my sunday	sadness
	Moving Good bye old house Hello new house 	sadness
	 That's my girl!!! Awww damn! No lido deck for me! 	sadness
	That sad feeling you get when you can really tell the week end is over!!!  	sadness
	2011WHATZ WRONG WITH YOU !? wanna delete !!!!!  these   !!!!  good!!!!	sadness
	No twitter for 2 weeks I shall die Bye bye twitter see ya in 14 days  	sadness
	Last episode of Glee season	sadness
	why does Thanksgiving Time feel 10x faster than SD Time?  	sadness
	saw a fat one body suit right down to the draws smh 	sadness
	I wish there were actually good things on tv this lateHow Come I never see episodes of HOUSE on anymore :( dr house is a  :)	sadness
	I wish harry potter was never ending 	sadness
	January 6th Wizards of Waverly place premiers the final episode it's gonna be a long long long long day for me ___________ 	sadness
	My love wont text me back 	sadness
	Happy twitties: what to do- 2day had tearful breakup with ex- no more contact etc- lots of crying moving on- any ideas? 	sadness
	My life is based on a true story 	sadness
	I was looking for u  in hardware yesterday but i was gna b late so i left :( 	sadness
	That moment when you wake up and that person you want to beside you isn't there 	sadness
	Sandwichmaking me a sandwich Alone :'( 	sadness
	Why do I have to leave my family  live alone !! &  	sadness
	Yung feeling na nakita ka na ng pinakaclose friend mo tapos hnd ka pinansin :(( 	sadness
	Think U Lucky  in France We Dont Got No Thanx Giving =/ 	sadness
	Please pray for me I'm going to poop without my phone 	sadness
	My Dad Just Back From Work Bye  	sadness
	I miss getting 3rd degree burns everyday 	sadness
	How come you guys never play Billy Talent or Our Lady Peace anymore? 	sadness
	 season finale at least modern family and happy endings are still rolling	sadness
	Jailbroke my iPod using redsn0w 099b8 Feeling slightly troubled with the sad tetheredness of it all  	sadness
	Coffee all over my Bill Russell book :'( 	sadness
	pretty sure last time I asked you to hang you passed?   	sadness
	enjoy it I fuckin lost the money 	sadness
	It's been so long! As the day comes closer I miss my place more! 	sadness
	Day after your birthday/christmas= worst days ever  	sadness
	Brother is leaving with my cutest niece ever 	sadness
	Sometimes the person who gives& unexplained happiness& become the reason for your& 	sadness
	Talking about death in class on this yucky day 	sadness
	Omg! likes short girls!!  But isnt he dating rebecca black?? :( 	sadness
	That moment when you see a hot guy and then you turn around he's gone :( 	sadness
	worst thing that could happen while your printing stuff ink runs out 	sadness
	Goin to bed  School tomorrow :'(( 	sadness
	Midwood is such an ugly ass neighborhood nowadays 	sadness
	ughh I feel so bad : ( I can't win fast money for you cuz all the computers en mi casa are occupied!  	sadness
	Packing up your guitar because you think you're going to get to go jam then immediately unpacking it because you can't 	sadness
	RafikiJ: I never fail to get sick during dead week   dude me too 	sadness
	Fuck man! Can't get over the fact that I live in durbanville :( wana move to town side!!! So I can see all my friend more! mis home	sadness
	Weather for leatherbut sad am all alone home with only my hand and ten fingers 	sadness
	Lolz aw Batman the Brave and the Bold got cancelled =( 	sadness
	finally back from class but no time to snuggle up in bed :( 	sadness
	My 5yo sister is the only difficult goodbye :( 2 weeks left to spend w/ her	sadness
	Most of my boos have lost so far I need the Chicago Made Punk to come thru for me	sadness
	OMGFactsSex: A 2008 study found that self-absorbed devious and thrill-seeking men do better with women haha	sadness
	I feel your pain man 	sadness
	Was just informed that the Magic aren't printing out the fancy ticket booklets this year for season ticket holders 	sadness
	I miss all the things I did I don't play trumpet anymoreI'm not singing 	sadness
	I don't wanna go to school :( goodnight love 3	sadness
	Sooo sad  RT Ohh_AC: Soooooo one of Famu's drum majors died after his performance yesterday 	sadness
	if u sleep with you maybe could have fun we will pay u in gum more flow someone 	sadness
	Also Leah brought home a single slice of apple pie and our Evil Other Roommate ate it while I slept  	sadness
	Breaking news Joe Paterno has treatable form of lung cancer how much worse can it get for Joe-Pa 	sadness
	Why does ignore the competitive community? I miss DavidVonderhaar :( 	sadness
	After spending an entire weekend in angst MONDAY is the day my brain kicks into revision ideas mode THANKS BUT DAY JOB 	sadness
	Critics Hate Ambition Lmao There On this nigga Wale's head 	sadness
	hates when you love someone and they just walk out on you and act like nothing ever happened:'(	sadness
	It feels odd to watch American Horror Story without and 	sadness
	Now I can't sleep because I'm excited for school  	sadness
	Can't wait to leave this place Can't feel the funkiness anymore 	sadness
	Girlfriend has a boner Am I concerned? Only that I'm not with her  	sadness
	Una ya no esta pa estos trotes de la rumba 	sadness
	“primadonna_lala: I wanna pre-order Rapture but I dont have any $      ” Nice 	sadness
	cant find sweaty race pics of me and  to put on fb 	sadness
	I hate that feeling when I think everyone is making big moves in life and I'm just struggling along with no direction 	sadness
	A quanto pare il xmas mood di quest'anno e`velato di negativita`!!! 	sadness
	Holy man do I ever want to watch State of Play but it's not available on any station I seem to have :(  	sadness
	Don't feel good and I got a math test 	sadness
	just got home from Shangrilanakbuy na ng idodonate sa charity/GMAbukas! sayang wala si sa party p	sadness
	I just wanna have to feel that lovely feeling inside when you're in love 	sadness
	Time to do one of the hardest things that life entails 	sadness
	People who like Twilight more over Harry Potter  	sadness
	i think that if your friend asks for support you give it to them without judgment 	sadness
	Bag strap broke today watch broke yesterday lucky my laptop  camera was ok after bag fell :(	sadness
	Well i prayed to God that I didnt go to jail today he answered But I didn't pray not to go back to Trinity for 9 months 	sadness
	hate to say it but only been gone a day and miss west point 	sadness
	Thrice isn't breaking up But essentially they are ): The spring tour will be their last Oh my heart is crushed ): 	sadness
	Headache and no aspirin in the vicinity 	sadness
	I'm definitely designated driver tonight for my sisters that I lovee Too much homework to go out :( oh well Gonna be up all night!	sadness
	Damn! Loved that place too! RT GailSimone: Check Newschangeorg for the full scoop on Chick-fil-a's homophobic official stance	sadness
	Bae gone have a tough dayGod be with this family who has to bury their 1 year old baby girl :'( God will take good care of her♡	sadness
	Everyone is gifted but some people never open their presents!!! 	sadness
	Dit is echt gemeen net als ik die aflevering super graag wil zien staat ie er niet op :( 	sadness
	11:11 i wish for a lot of things but most of all i wish that them three boys would come back to us ( 	sadness
	Yay! won the FIFA12 press tournament! Congrats!  But let's not talk about how it went for me 	sadness
	I miss how things used to be I miss our friendship 	sadness
	Damn my earphones broke ! :( it's like my third pair in a month ! 	sadness
	yeah food will satisfy me and make up for all this 	sadness
	Thinking of all my babies today Wish I could hold the ones I lost and hear their voices 	sadness
	when dis blow up all u going hear is that is a campionite start it 	sadness
	Ahahahaha io l'ho fatto da sola invece 	sadness
	I feel so tired and sick 	sadness
	I'm about to throw my phone off the eifle tower Need an iPhone 	sadness
	Managing negative emotions can be tough   and can be managed effectively with the use of 	sadness
	Still sick!!! basically slept in the bathroom! And I didn't even drink	sadness
	When u are sad and lonely remember this is true someone somewhere is thinking of you   	sadness
	I never really paid any type of attention to Ryan Dunn However I have stumbled upon his tribute special 	sadness
	Crap The Waxahachie Indians lost by a field goalIt was a good season boys Try again next year 	sadness
	sometimes I spend my nights watching Youtube clips of old games 	sadness
	In every  give you something wonderfull  He take off the bad actions  !	sadness
	That awkward moment when you find out that your voice sounds like a raging homosexual's voice 	sadness
	I guess everyone's wish came true last night no more twitter or phone for me 	sadness
	I alwayz get the craving 2 text shtuff to  then I realize the banter is no longer alive 	sadness
	my cellphone is dead my computer is dead so im dead 	sadness
	Still not sure how Roland Emmerich got away with naming his horrible movie after a great Heinlein book from the 1949 	sadness
	being really excited for plans on a friday then they don't work out 	sadness
	sooooooo mad i couldn't go to the ACC Championship because of all this work i gotta do 	sadness
	There's so much emotional stress! Schools tomorrow I did no homework My stomach is too full and i have no prom date 	sadness
	i'm not even close to having an idea for my essay and all i want to do is lie in my bed and eat french fries 	sadness
	Man y I feel bad boud dhis I tried to do wad ws right gues I'm jus kindhearted nd dnt lyk 	sadness
	I will edit the Gardener I will I swear    	sadness
	I honestly want to keep dancing but my feet hurt :( 	sadness
	122511 will be a very hard day for me  nt looking forward to it ! 	sadness
	is so nice to dream about someone that you'll wanna meetbut is just a dream | 	sadness
	I lost 4kg due to illness 	sadness
	Noo trying to watch harry potter part 2 and it shut off!! whyyyyy! 	sadness
	I'm gonna miss all the Black Friday Commercials 	sadness
	smoothies are the best at any time any temperature We have no smoothie availability at lehigh 	sadness
	Visto un video spoiler di  dove Santana fa coming-out con la nonna Dico solo: Tante lacrime! 	sadness
	I can't wait to see you tonight!!!! oh wait you're not coming home til tomorrow :( 	sadness
	hilda Luna gag bisa gombal lagi Gag ada yg luna gombalin He leave me forever 	sadness
	The bored roomthe bored examsthe bored waiterthe bored gamesthe bored classroomthe bored teachersthe bored everything 	sadness
	I meant that you aren't accompanied by any But yeah the other fact is strange too FS isn't really that hot here 	sadness
	I legit found out two seconds ago she had drained it 	sadness
	Don't fight  with fire Fight fire with  can be healed by   with  	sadness
	Mais mais t'as Jack pour les sourcils! Ou Pingu! Je vais être obligée de me foutre de ta gueule maintenant 	sadness
	EXACTLY!!!! and they look at me weird cuz I don't got the next wiz album or lil Wayne albumits yo 	sadness
	Awes don't be homesick hun! 	sadness
	Remember when we talked about marriage Talk about forever and always? 	sadness
	I have absolutely nothing to do on a Friday night 	sadness
	Watching a person you love go away for a long time kills 	sadness
	I wish one day there's a signage on the train saying NO BAD BREATH CAN BOARD THE TRAIN 	sadness
	Getting into the christmas spirit has never been so hard bring on the stereotypes I don't careWHERE'S THE SNOW ia	sadness
	Había una oferta en el hipercor de 2 ponies de la nueva generación por 7€ pero solo estaban de las protas Rainbow Dash y Futtershy 	sadness
	just ate 8 of out 16 peices of shortbread Half a fucking tray 	sadness
	Gianlt monkeyfree drinksbachatasalsahip hopfist pumpinand no cabsif you see this call me it will be a long walk home 	sadness
	I just wanna know why hasn't hit me with that follow backeven though he knowssss I'm his biggest fan!? lol	sadness
	one of my favs! it was on cbs a few hours ago stupid people came over to my house so I missed it 	sadness
	My lil brother just called my hubby a dirty red head 	sadness
	I'll check babe! But it's gonna take me a while as in this moment I've got just cell phone internet connection 	sadness
	Telling a moving out story  	sadness
	Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy looks so great but literally no theater in Athens or at home is playing it when it comes out on Friday 	sadness
	 finding out (the hard way) im allergic to chik-fil-a :'-(( 	sadness
	People always turn out to be the person they said they wouldnt be 	sadness
	Just checked it out - only for iPhone So guess my Droid-loving self can't use 	sadness
	Glad to know I'm not the only one who likes weird food during late hours in the night However I have no milkshake 	sadness
	A part ça mon ex a la même coupe de cheveux que Justin Bieber Et un BOUC 	sadness
	agree with you about doubting the benefits of 3d Good for making money but ruins the experience of the film for me 	sadness
	Feeling left out at guelph party 	sadness
	Selling all of my old snowball dresses and my first homecoming dress  ):	sadness
	Its so sad that after the national day fun food nice weather I walk back into Archi building back to work 	sadness
	Fact 70: My pillow pet never talks to me anymore David_Swyers	sadness
	I DONT KNOW :( I just hope it wasn't tinker I didn't lookI'll figure this one out by process of elimination 	sadness
	When EdgarGtzSo's phone dies and you're super duper bored 	sadness
	That has to be the worst  Mrs Mcintyre made me clean her room to go! 	sadness
	I cannot believe I'm going to leave TJ Maxx without those Kate Spade boots I'm losing it 	sadness
	I have never been so sad for the final lecture of a class Life and Teachings of Jesus=best class ever! 	sadness
	Forgetting that you've already eaten your advent calender chocolate and being very sad when you realise its gone 	sadness
	Sumpah gue rindu lo gue kangen lo hanyalah lo yg gue pikirin saat ini 	sadness
	American horror story wwhat are you doing to my HEAD 	sadness
	No es tan pene la  pero EXTRAÑO LA MÍA 	sadness
	Pa: 'ach die is volgend jaar toch weer jarig?' ma: 'niet iedereen is volgend jaar weer jarig…' fijn daar ging m'n eetlust 	sadness
	The album isnt out in my country yet guess im not gonna get my day made by follow or RT guess its not my lucky day 	sadness
	Gonna have an absoulute mental and emotional breakdown if them tickets are sold out :/ :(	sadness
	Well  is off to an awesome start My car quit And I mean QUIT -- 	sadness
	im in mr lacher class and I miss OUR class!!!! 	sadness
	I really don't like holidays I miss my parents being together! Its just not the same 	sadness
	People party like it's a religion -____- 	sadness
	Some people thrive off drama and say they have nothing to do with it 	sadness
	- I can hear Any Winehouse's new album playing downstairs 	sadness
	I wish I could go to the black Friday sale at target I want pointless stuff that I wouldn't buy if it wasn't like free 	sadness
	Well I just finished watching hair tutorials I want to try them out but I think I would need a LOT of practice 	sadness
	It's basically coming a downpour at the track right now 	sadness
	Most of the people who call me by my childhood nickname are dead 	sadness
	my heart just broke a little because i found out marcus collins is gay 	sadness
	I have come to accept that sometimes on the weekend I get in my bed at 9 	sadness
	The kitten that i just brought home last night is already lost I don't understand 	sadness
	Stuck in this Casino while my Mom is gamblingmissing my best friend's birthdayy party!!! :(	sadness
	I do not want to be awake moving or cold And right now i am all of them 	sadness
	you don't want a mac n cheese date with me? 	sadness
	No lie:  pizza box actually has a reminder for people to tip their delivery guy 	sadness
	I want leftover turkey but I'm not allowed to eat 	sadness
	Wow just got a quick reminder on why I left dis bit 	sadness
	Can’t participate in the fun run tomorrow 	sadness
	Its Lunch  I left my Lemon Juice! 	sadness
	I grabbed some money today in case I went to Starfucks or something before rehearsal Then I realized no more rehearsal 	sadness
	Can't sleepthinking about the past 	sadness
	Too bad you aren't playing in Denver on Friday! RT carolinaliar: I do miss the tour but we play friday ! MegDubray	sadness
	Totally missed you on this weeks episode From What it sounded like the guys recorded 3 of them So no Ron for a month 	sadness
	That moment when you realize you've been wearing the same 4 pieces of clothing 24 hours a day for a week   	sadness
	needs to stop getting distracted by Hallmark Movies 	sadness
	i know i smoke too much cause when i bernie and breathe in it makes a wheeze sound :(  	sadness
	No matter what the final outcome we should have peace of mind we tried our best  	sadness
	Covers so warm on my body right now Time to get up	sadness
	Fuck man another great one bites the dust  RIP Patrice O'Neal joerogan	sadness
	Mufasa! Oh god oh no this is like the 500th time he's died You think he would het smarter and climb on to the ledge with simba 	sadness
	I cant anymore D: i have to stop procrastinating and start some homework	sadness
	Not feeling too good today :( 	sadness
	I really really don't knowwwwwwww but I cannot WAIT until we exchange gifts after breakk!! 	sadness
	At The Meat Market  Poor Cows And Pigs	sadness
	haha maybe but I doubt it cause they don't think I'm pretty 	sadness
	Headache :/  can't wait to sleep in	sadness
	That one moment Katniss and gale I read it as if it were you and I   	sadness
	I hate it when clothes go out of stock! D: 	sadness
	Great dinner with KyraLcrowcan't believe in only 11 days she is leaving me for another country 	sadness
	My friend Puck was one of the nicest and funniest guys I ever met Made a huge impression on me He died yesterday at age 41 	sadness
	Jeff's gonna be on Whose Line tonight and I'M GOING TO MISS IT!!! AGH! :( 	sadness
	aww mine doesn't do it and UK has to wait 3 months for the film 	sadness
	aw and didnt tweet me/follow me for my birthday :'( oh well they're probs too busy  	sadness
	Dat Awkward Moment Wen Ur Wit 4 Of Ur Friends At Da Movies  Wen Da Movie Cums On All Dem Start Making Out And Ur Left Out :(	sadness
	con la cara que tiene el negro asusta cualquier espiritu jaja mentira los extraño peleandose ya no tengo a quien aconsejar 	sadness
	I missed  tonight :( I hope the songs are on  tomorrow so I can catch up before two people go home 	sadness
	awww wahh :( I'm gonna miss u!! :(  Sooo not gonna be a good time saying bye! :( 	sadness
	I can't be cordial w my exes  cos they can't handle just being friends or the thought of me being w someone else 	sadness
	my mom told me I couldn't play because I still had to write a science essay 	sadness
	The sadness I feel upon realising that I've bought a chocolate based ice cream and not a vanilla one 	sadness
	Was really really really really looking forward to hanging out with someone special todaythen I realised it was tomorrow 	sadness
	Trying to talk to him late at night but he is still with people ):  	sadness
	Boo! The fact that I won't see your beautiful face at work kills me 	sadness
	Late start or no late start I still want to sleep more this bed is way to warm and cozy for me to leave it 	sadness
	ahaha gotta love that glitter And yeah I think so!   	sadness
	So sad for ANYONE who is allergic to nutella  'cuz of the nut right SeecaSays?  : (	sadness
	I might be looking in all the wrong places and looking for all the wrong reason 	sadness
	We can't choose the cards we've been dealt and mine say FUCK YOUR LIFE  	sadness
	This officially ends my stint at karaoke RIP Mrs Kelli's I will never forget your WOW shots and the many attempts at Afroman 	sadness
	haha thats so bad We're supposed to be best friends :( 	sadness
	i feel so lonely in my basement right now 	sadness
	Chapter 14 of Mockingjay Thoughts: I want to give Peeta Mellark a big hug For as long as it takes 	sadness
	truth is u were the oonnllyy one to reply  :) haha U r my best friend and we need to party :P I ran outD:	sadness
	How come I was never in a huge food fight growing up? 	sadness
	NOW you gotta explain 2 ur kids why you got a burn mark on ur ass !!! 	sadness
	 i THINK mi DREAM is REAL  then i WAKE up DISAPPOINTED  [tht happened tooh mi this morning]  ugh 	sadness
	None of our generation are 'glamorous' like Marilyn Monroe& many people are really beautiful either theyre just fake pretty 	sadness
	Awwww Casey doesn't have a hot bi sister 	sadness
	“tomoxley1: I'm a west london boy Its all about Fridays on the Kings Road!!”  Fridays is for me and the tv! 	sadness
	Wow not a thing from Twitter today  all those tweets  retweets too!! 	sadness
	love you3 too bad you didn't go to practice on saturday i was actually there! 	sadness
	when your favorite Harry Potter character doesnt RT you  :(	sadness
	i thought so too (: btw i miss you a ton! 	sadness
	Twitter on a BlackBerry is so ugly :l	sadness
	 It Will Rain Bruno Mars  	sadness
	Just realized that its going to be like 10 months before I'm back at WillyBUSC!! (Not including the spring game) 	sadness
	Just found out the hard way that I'm to old for leg wrestling! Body does bend like it used to! 	sadness
	its prolly gonna happen in the morning too  ugh whatever idc anymore :/ 	sadness
	all this romance talk and I've never even been on a date 	sadness
	Disappointed with what child is this on carols for a cure 	sadness
	I thought that you would not leave me hanging around and waiting for your texts every day but then you left  	sadness
	I'm so upset Clemson won that I will cry myself to sleep tonight :'(  	sadness
	ah you are leaving in 3 hours!!  	sadness
	I shall try and keep warm by Going to the mall with my best friend for the very last time before she moves 	sadness
	Guess I should tell I'm savin the pic she posted of my itty today since I dnt see them much ne more 	sadness
	I hate getting followed on twitter following that person then getting unfollowed 	sadness
	Oh gosh I hate this picture 10 years of a wonderful story They should have keep the Rivercourt  like a symbole ! 	sadness
	I may look fine on the outside but I'm dying on the inside :(   	sadness
	it bums me out that now that we have good songs written we never play shows anymore 	sadness
	how dare you not invite me to a Love Actually party 	sadness
	In school and want something to eat very badly! 	sadness
	Well came and picked up her iPod so my jam session is over 	sadness
	Smf promised sheed oovoo me two days ago  then ignored my calls last night 	sadness
	I tweeted him the video just a minutes ago but he didn't mention me :( 	sadness
	Last day of  today! I i'm so excited at the same time so sad 	sadness
	Sn00ki I was lucky enough to sit front row for the taping You looked gorgeous Sad you couldn't stick around for pics after wrap 	sadness
	my mo said im not allowed to get picked up from school tomorrow  because i didnt go today ): 	sadness
	reply to my mail am kinda desperate 	sadness
	I apparently lost my best-friend 	sadness
	having practically no likes and comments on your profile picture and feeling like a loser 	sadness
	 isn't trending anymore I suppose that means I'm not allowed to answer any 	sadness
	My glasses actually broke yesterday so now I'm blind in my own home 	sadness
	ahaha ( you gotta see my ugliness when u turn your phone on 	sadness
	i want my laptop:( and my phone:( and my ipod:( why must this happen all in the same week? 	sadness
	26 subscribers from 1300 on youtube o_O too bad i don't upload anymore :( 	sadness
	That akward moment when you get a text message from the girl that is talking to the boy that broke your heart! 	sadness
	Went to Ottawa to buy 3 sets of the MARTOPdishes that you advertisedI was told they never had them at that location 	sadness
	IM ALL OUT OF BUTTER PECAN ICE CREAM! WHAT'S A BITCH TO DO? 	sadness
	I can never eat a whole bag of popcorn no matter how hard i try 	sadness
	Aint that the truth RT Linderella97: I miss football season at ACA :/ 	sadness
	I just finished off my birthday cake ice cream 	sadness
	If it weren't for the mistakes and drops the  might rise to the level of an average team   	sadness
	No I don't want the snow to melt! 	sadness
	thebookmamma: Are you as prepared as sarahlena?--- DUDE I AM ON IT LIKE HOT SAUCE ON WINGS 	sadness
	Feeling good feeling right 2am winter night ha  Covering all the 	sadness
	Last christmas carol show 	sadness
	One of my favorite ska bands coming to DC I can't go 	sadness
	A bride who just married a basketball player two days later he gets fired 	sadness
	it'd actually be kind of cool for a celebrity to follow me but they'd probably get annoyed and unfollow eventually 	sadness
	I hate to say this but Edward Cullen seems less handsome in this movie :(	sadness
	I'll never have a chance with Chris not because we've an ocean of distance between us but because he likes girls with big foreheads 	sadness
	haha we were honestly together five days outta seven all that summer Idk what happened :( 	sadness
	Should i be happy that i finally got the sign i always wanted or be sad that this sign means i have to end it and let go? 	sadness
	And suddenly Kwom recalls owning a Legend of Zelda CYOA book  Whatever did happen to that  	sadness
	After today my closet will consist of 100 less articles of clothing Goodbye hoover cheerleading attire 	sadness
	Realizing that church today is going to be my only me time I have for a while 	sadness
	Reliving it allDocumentary of   driver of all times 	sadness
	yesterday I went to one of your restaurants and they were out of  vanilla frosty:( 	sadness
	I Cant Wake Up Early For School  But When I Dont Have School  Im Up 	sadness
	I don't even know whats going on Things have folded 	sadness
	I think the only way I'm going to get a perfect advent wreath picture is to create my own display 	sadness
	LMAO!!! RT pinkivy81: _sugaHoney unsung could have a whole season of shows just based on the artists at Bad Boy 	sadness
	When your mother doesn't feel like your mom anymore Just a ghost like figure that you live with that gets mad at a single hello 	sadness
	I dip my head out of not  I care about my  and not who knows my    	sadness
	Refreshing to start the day by falling flat on your ass in this stupid ice   	sadness
	Cain's wife didn't know he's been giving his mistress money for 13 years   AS A FRIEND  Yup    	sadness
	You know what really sucks? That I already know I won't be going to the prom after this year of torture :( 	sadness
	I'm so jealous of all the people at home :(   	sadness
	Hope is what is keeping me going right now! RT Fuzywuzy8: Without hope what do we have in life?   	sadness
	oh my mom is helping me color mine tomorrow 	sadness
	I've tweeted myself into a fucking couch coma at its best	sadness
	i lost my candy cane walking over to the library :'( 	sadness
	I hate it when I can't help someone when they're sad It makes me sad too  	sadness
	Sorry if I didn't reply to you yesterday the Internet stopped working :( 	sadness
	Feeling so tired That I can't sleep All these emotions running through my body 	sadness
	Dude! RT Lungs88: Cabanga nje ukuthi uKeith Sweat will be performing alongside Ringo and SA jazz artists in semi-towns! 	sadness
	I know geeessshhh This long distance isn't working 	sadness
	And that second depressing moment when RTs your tweet about not followin you yet he does not follow you 	sadness
	So who won  tweeps? I missed the end on the plane 	sadness
	Just heard passed away today He was such a great guy He will be missed 	sadness
	Happy Thanksgiving to all you Americans! Since I'm Canadian I'm just gonna chill and not eat a feast 	sadness
	thats different! Some of em prolly didnt even know his name till he started playin at NC State! 	sadness
	Am I that boring for people to stop responding	sadness
	The main people you look at forare the ones that  bread on your name! 	sadness
	that moment when you spend an hour reading chapters not included in the filipino coveragehahaha 	sadness
	Brothers college graduation 	sadness
	nice underscores there copycat   All Stars without you tonight  	sadness
	I brushed my teeth then realized I still had some hot chocolate left 	sadness
	Wow it's been 12 years since the last regular Jethro Tull studio album 	sadness
	L'ultimo pensiero di Beast è stato per Joker Li amavo quei due  	sadness
	This sucks Now there's gonna be the same crap for top 10 every night 	sadness
	traditional attitudes prevail in some quarters  	sadness
	Min tey lesa tweets di mas cu un ora bieuw paso un par di hnd ta pp di  y min wake e episode ainda 	sadness
	I'm done with my candy how come its so good when you don't have it but when you do its not 	sadness
	Anna Kooiman leaving   Excuse me for a second I need to collect my thoughts 	sadness
	i hate when you leave to Victoria  	sadness
	I'm going to have to seriously scale back my involvement with the Dems because of my new jobs :( 	sadness
	uscire di casa con 60 cent con la convinzione di prendere un bueno alla macchinetta e trovare la fila dei bueno vuota 	sadness
	Boooo Singing party done Roommate is here I was right in the middle of I'm Not Afraid of Anything too 	sadness
	I miss football season at ACA :/ 	sadness
	The last time my phone rang because I got a text  	sadness
	Was the surprise in my Kinder Surprise the surprise that there was no surprise in said Kinder surprise? 	sadness
	Research paper down One peer review and a Shakespeare play to go 	sadness
	Laura!!!!!  when do you work this week?    we're coming in to see you!   we havent seen you in like forever! 	sadness
	So weird that I may not ever see friends from class again after today  ?	sadness
	No Black Friday for me tomorrow :( 	sadness
	Ah I hate it when you talk to one person non stop then they have to do something and can't text so you don't talk for like 2 hours 	sadness
	Hate the fact that people are using  as an excuse to get faded every weekend at it's finest	sadness
	It's a shame that there are still no Secret Garden DVDs available here in Japan! Wonder who is holding their hands on a release 	sadness
	“GULLYKING82: The Chris Paul deal is officially off as The Lakers pulled out of the deal” for 	sadness
	I always get super disappointed when I pass a horse trailer and there's no horses in it:( 	sadness
	Work ruins my holidays I'll miss you Black Out Wednesday 	sadness
	I wasn't good enough for 24hr fitness thought they were going to call me at least not send me a meaningless rejection email! 	sadness
	I just broke up with 2 boys in one night Wow  	sadness
	My ipod is missing and I'm having serious separation anxiety :( 	sadness
	I thought  someone sensitive in their lives who do all the right things and tries their best now i see different 	sadness
	Huh?! RT awolfnamedpanda: all this romance talk and I've never even been on a date 	sadness
	Hates school I wanna look at Christmas lights	sadness
	me too watching the arsenal game!& ten action here! 	sadness
	I just finished watching Harry Potter and The Gobet of Fire I cried when Diggory died 	sadness
	Emmy he got mad at me todayfirst time ever 	sadness
	Credits at the beginning of a movie are really annoying! 	sadness
	I'm just a King looking for a Queen to settle down with But Good Girls In Trinidad either Taken or So hurt they dnt want a bf 	sadness
	The bears played solid with one subs for lines which was tiring for them They ended up losing 2-0 	sadness
	they don t even bother to pretend bla men fed7ohoom fed7o ryooshom  making place for 	sadness
	I was so close to buying a Nyan Cat t-shirt at HotTopic yesterday :( Wasn't half off tho 	sadness
	still phoneless fb msg or email me if you want to get a hold of me vzw phone donations welcome	sadness
	The moment you realize you can't get him out of your head Even though your in a perfect fairytale and he's moved on 	sadness
	I would hope the one is not innately part of most people 	sadness
	I hate you Dont forget k-rod for 12 mil RT Stugotz790: Brewers sign Alex Gonzalez that should fill the Prince Fielder void	sadness
	Terra nova is not even on tonight!?!? Ahhhhh! I really can't live without it  country awards:)	sadness
	done w/ my Business Plan but im not already done w/ my feasibility project :(	sadness
	the best time to west a striped sweater is all the time	sadness
	ahhh few if you do i will kill you because i love him to much (aa) they are good thankyou :) i broke up with jake :( 	sadness
	with this jankey ass phone messin up like it do I STILL DO HAVE BLACKBERRY! 	sadness
	follow me back - thts the least you cud do since you dnt talk to me anymore :(:( 	sadness
	If only I woke up 20 minutes earlier I could've tried to get to follow mee :( 	sadness
	That I'm already in bed and missing drakes performance 	sadness
	Andare a fare shopping e tornare a mani vuote a casa 	sadness
	Ugh 4 years left of school FML 	sadness
	Sheryl say she confused and don't know how to approach me It sounds like I'm going back to counseling 	sadness
	I want to do a cover of 'Mirror' but I need to find a rapper LMAO 	sadness
	Another CLT Friday night at  with good friends like  and still no  	sadness
	cant beleive the college football season is almost over! 	sadness
	Watching x factor now can't believe went home such a talented girl!! 	sadness
	chabeing just one shade lighter has spoiled my opportunities 	sadness
	The brittany didn't make it from the sporting dog group 	sadness
	i miss you lizski! we also need to hang out because i haven't seen you since camp 	sadness
	hearing rumors you organized your own Gatorade bath against Maryland Say it ain't so  	sadness
	so mad at for not making my cd :( 	sadness
	$75 000 earrings! Did u ever find it in Bora Bora? Oh no! 	sadness
	onga eh october palang yata excited na tayo dun tapos di pala tayo makakasama :'(	sadness
	damn I wanna leave right now! sadly the two guys I board with aren't really responding 	sadness
	Craig Mabbitt is my idol but he ruined Escape The Fate 	sadness
	heard it for the last time today :( 	sadness
	at my alien feet Famoos good It's been my first day back and haven't seen my sisters properly lol every1s running around	sadness
	You didn't mention anything about doing it! You just left too early 	sadness
	“APRILannGaStOn:  calls you beautiful instead of hot or sexy” I've never been called beautiful 	sadness
	Meno due puntate alla fine di TwohalfMen l'originale Come fare senza Charlie dopo? 	sadness
	WOW :( I haven't heard about that SMH RT A 10 year old killed himself  How? Why? 	sadness
	Watching the Vice Guide to Liberia at 3am was a bad idea 	sadness
	where art thou? i miss your face 	sadness
	How do you just lose jeans?!? I have been unsuccessfully searching for one of my pairs of jeans for like 3 months!! 	sadness
	alt + 3 = hash key   enjoy the cricket! 	sadness
	So I'm still up! Just not feeling with an uplifted spirit but I aint trippin! Hopefully I can sleep it off of me! won't win!	sadness
	D-3 to Operation LFF closing And Urban Meyer comes back to Ohio State  	sadness
	Sitting at LAX crying! Miss Cali and my bookie already!	sadness
	watching Easy A by my lonesomewish I had a movie partner :/  	sadness
	I realize that I DON'T HAVE PICTURES WITH MY BFF! Next time I'm going to colombia will be crazy taking pictures lol 	sadness
	wat iisz facebook comiin t2 they put anutha viideo of ah giirl suckiin ah stiick SMH 	sadness
	wings and alcohol here at my place 	sadness
	Coursework rain darkness lame 	sadness
	Think I window shop online just to depress myself  	sadness
	I'll be missin  tonight going to an annual Christmas concert then out with the band! SonsofMaxwell	sadness
	Wish they sold egg nog year round 	sadness
	Heartbroken about not having march madness 	sadness
	When u can fill the an  litteraly comin frm ur 3 from losin tht person tht made u happy Yea worst thang I have ever felt(	sadness
	My throat is killin me ii can barley swallow :( 	sadness
	lool dem people that know your whole life story but these tyms you dont even kno thier name 	sadness
	That sad sad moment when you run out of pencil lead while studying calculus Aaaaand you're not near your dorm 	sadness
	Hates correcting my insanity plea paper 	sadness
	Gotta get up wayyy to early tomorrow That what I get for d-hall 	sadness
	Just found out my next door neighbor lost her battle with brain cancer She died peacefully in her sleep 	sadness
	JUMP JUMP JUMP! RT bebeOrallo590: My dog can't jump up on my bed anymore He needs to be carried 	sadness
	I wish my hair was long enough to fish tail braid 	sadness
	No very fucking happy!!! The way this is going I'm gunna be single by the end of the weekend   	sadness
	My mom won't buy me the cute novetly sweater I want from JCPenny :( Just because it has moose on it doesn't make it a bad sweater	sadness
	No more history of rock and roll 	sadness
	Driving around brooklyn ahh so pretty can't even take it I'm obsessed with these people haha love yous	sadness
	system restore totally screwed up my mouse function 	sadness
	Waited too long to try to order this year's Cinderella ornaments from Disneycom and now they're sold out 	sadness
	ah dang I have a water aerobics/basket weaving class that meets those 4 months 	sadness
	ucabanga ukuthi kuse thekwini la? This is Wits Kid slaps lecturer during an exam n not a single laf out loud 	sadness
	A guy at work came into the bathroom with a book under his arm When he saw me he did a hard right to a urinal 	sadness
	 when you get so bored you end up looking through tweets until you get to the ones marked 37 hours ago	sadness
	I always wanna look at tumblr at work but there are too many naked body parts on my dashboard that it just seems inappropriate 	sadness
	i want create a new live now if they not support me :'( !!! 	sadness
	Disappointed to find out my christmas dec's won't be up when I get home 	sadness
	Its crazy how the pizza man can show up faster to your house then the cops can 	sadness
	Wat a sick shitty day! Literally!! 	sadness
	LEO'S?! Y U RAISE PRICES FOR MILK?!  	sadness
	I need some positivity in my life right now I feel like the strides I take are really just baby steps  	sadness
	you guys no remember tori from cleveland :( hope you like the kermit hat though? (:	sadness
	Oh HM another pair of your jeans ripped on me in an embarrassing manner 	sadness
	True no more open wheel series should race there anytime  	sadness
	I don't know but I feel like death 	sadness
	I love my awwwww crew and I'm going to miss them so much this week  	sadness
	I guess my babies aren't sleeping over today :( 	sadness
	Now it's half time I can take a moment to mourn Dom who sacrificed his own life to save me  the rest of the COG squad earlier 	sadness
	Was at the gas station about to go to 's house and broke the key to my motorcycle!!! 	sadness
	My phone is inactive so I dont get 's tweets unless I check twitter :/ 	sadness
	haha your oh so very welcomee but you wont see me tomorrow either because i have a stu co district meeting:( 	sadness
	I miss everyone :( JeremyBell21my real family bores me 	sadness
	I accidentally bought dark chocolate peppermint bark instead of milk chocolate :(    	sadness
	Cold boring night 	sadness
	I think I might I dont realise I am flirting sometimes as it is the case in real life! Because when I try I suck grandly	sadness
	they replaced my pet store with a good will store  	sadness
	 pour moi car je n'ai pas beaucoup de followers :'(   	sadness
	I'm hoping I fall asleep before the stampede scene 	sadness
	ohno I left the cheesecake at the barn 	sadness
	This girl started crying bc we ran out of cotton balls 	sadness
	is going to be at The National tonight Guess who's not going to be at The National tonight? Me 	sadness
	I need my boyfriend to come rub my backbecause it hurtsand he's good at ittoo bad he's three hours away 	sadness
	You have no idea how I just screamed NOOOOO out loud at work!!! I didn't get my tickets 	sadness
	I would but it's our final official dress rehearsal before our show on Monday I don't think they'd go for it 	sadness
	Fuck that shit!! Adele should have won artist of the year!  	sadness
	As soon as I fall asleep my phone goes off 	sadness
	Man its tough to figure 	sadness
	Well I can still roll step but my 8 to 5 days are over 	sadness
	NO TLKN TO BOYFRIEND TONIGHT HE'S WORKING 11pm TILL 9:30am  :(  	sadness
	lostening to paradise so many memories of last weekend gotta be the weekend anthem!!  	sadness
	Theater is going to kill me AND we have a huge practice after school tomorrow  When we are supposed to leave early for break  	sadness
	Aww ____ I love how other people tell my baby things that I havent 	sadness
	I don't know I feel I like that tweet :) nice to be awful sometimes :) mention me babe suck it out :) my :)haha	sadness
	When the Ewok tries to wake up his fallen Ewok friendI die every time :'(  	sadness
	Beckett + Demming kiss and Castle is just broken about it 	sadness
	12 days is left to her birthday I couldn't forget it till now :)	sadness
	gosh DAMNITjust got of work -___-  i gotta DICK full of homework  a SACK full of 	sadness
	Thinking moods suck 	sadness
	My beard went from spectacular to hobo-esque in 3 days 	sadness
	Christmas spirit where art thou? I can't feel you here in Dubai 	sadness
	Last cheer season if gonna fly by 	sadness
	 melon  Closed! Gonna be restaurant 	sadness
	The feeling you get when you see everyone else happy besides the one person that really mattersyou    	sadness
	Cup Of thea alone and stay strong cuz honey isn't here	sadness
	don't worry I'm good! Just carless 	sadness
	Tried so hard to win tickets to Jerry Seinfeld today on the radio  	sadness
	Why is frostedtips so quiet today?! I depend on you to keep me awake! 	sadness
	missing my Morning Dump 	sadness
	Kinda feel empty cause im not going to fire and ice today 	sadness
	Last social and educational change in Latin America class :( 	sadness
	People should text me  i feel like a loser 	sadness
	RIP Gary Speed thoughts go out to his wife and kids! 	sadness
	I was the MOST happiest girl in the world cuz' I had BET :3 but now I don't have it I'm sad:'(	sadness
	Nothing breaks my heart more than a sick baby 	sadness
	Missin' My Boo  Sucks  Don't Get To See Her Until Friday  	sadness
	I ended up sleeping 12 hours and every dream I had was about my dogs It feels unreal they are truly gone 	sadness
	that's so sweet of you(: I miss you wittle muffin! 	sadness
	lol the things people do at the movie theatres 	sadness
	Just found out my first supervisor (after college) passed away last year  I wish I'd known  He was such a cool dude  	sadness
	It's not EVERYDAY you see a dead body wheeled out of right in front of u   	sadness
	 when you break three hearts Including yours 	sadness
	I've become a bitter person What's the point of putting on a fake smile if I don't appreciate anyone 	sadness
	my shock has finally started to fade and i can now say this: jim Magic IGNORED me yesterday he was too busy chatting with hanna… 	sadness
	I know right? He's appealing but no sports player has ever won an appeal 	sadness
	Guess I am not gonna hear from my baby tonight :( 	sadness
	Ever since I got this job I haven't on twitter I feel like I'm Misses Sooo Much Stuff I miss my Followers 	sadness
	Logs in everyday and sees does not follow :( MIKEY MAKE THAT CHANGE!	sadness
	Holy fuck this knee pain is excruciating since this nerve block wore off 	sadness
	Just got sickewww and I was kinda looking forward to basketball damn flu :(	sadness
	Hot guy isn't here today :'(	sadness
	Reminiscing on good times by looking through pictures I remember all our jokes and the day we met We used to be inseperable! 	sadness
	I can only listen to Death Cab fro Cutie for short periods of times 	sadness
	Funeral tomorrow oh gosh! :(	sadness
	awwww look at the baby cows running! yeah in about a year they'll be your steak 	sadness
	Though I've never wished to enter two  in a single day  and  is worth the I felt for society	sadness
	Wanna watch happy feet 2! Sana idate naman ako ni Justin Sobrang busy na lagi eh :( 	sadness
	I miss my boyfriendn I couldnt talk to him because of finals 	sadness
	Sending my new lens back and saving up for a 35mm Have to keep repeating to myself It's just a 'thing' it's just a 'thing' 	sadness
	YOU THINK?! ): But if you die can you even miss people? /: 	sadness
	i miss my long hair ): 	sadness
	onmyway Unexpectedly had to clean mass amounts of snow off gerome 	sadness
	I haven't stopped eating all weekend or?	sadness
	Note to self: Never transport hot items in crock pots via car unless you want a permanent spiced cider scent in your Mazda 	sadness
	Anong subject yan dear? Wala pang  ngayong week noh? 	sadness
	What a heart-wrenching story that was Such a beautiful little boy His heart just wasn't strong enough 	sadness
	Boyfriend flew to Chicago today to appraise a comic book collection 	sadness
	workworkworkwork fucking job 	sadness
	The local library web site is down Now I can't see if the book I put a hold on is in yet :-( 	sadness
	That would be great which of course means it will never happen 	sadness
	j'ai la cote de rien du tout j'ai perdu ma bien-aimé :'( 	sadness
	when a ride is on the bus you get a new love for him then they get off and you'll never know anything about him or see him again!	sadness
	damnn south carolina! i know they got good southern food out there lol 	sadness
	Domani vado allo stadio a vedere il   L'  quest'anno non la guardo più Mette solo  	sadness
	In the car parked at GSP waiting for Mandizzel! Listening to under the mistletoe album! Truman cheer myself up! 	sadness
	when you run out of the thing you wantand youre broke 	sadness
	Bye Alec! I'll miss you so much Have fun in Belize 	sadness
	Nah Just concerned RT YummBubble: U hating YNAHMEAN_KNW: Solis and her IMAGINARY FATTY (PREMO VOICE)	sadness
	 we have breakfast for lunch at school  oh wait  we never do 	sadness
	Dude I was wearing petticoat breeches before they were cool     	sadness
	My mother made breakfast this morning and I missed it 	sadness
	Oi This bride on  Big Bliss is in srs denial about her body You can gain inches but not gain pounds TRUFAX 	sadness
	Sick of school! Miss my free time and cnt play ball bc of grades 	sadness
	Going to bed with thoughts I can't get off my mind Sadly avoiding them this time around isn't going to work  	sadness
	Hate how weak my nails are!!!! Had to cut them all each one of them were breaking :( 	sadness
	RIP Ryan Dunn You were a gift to this earth and we miss you everyday 	sadness
	Not that you've actually sent me a text message in like a hundred years 	sadness
	is ignoring my invitation to  Holiday Dinner  He hates me  	sadness
	half a dem neva hav sunday dinner 2come home 2 	sadness
	 Ur listening to music on ur shuffle and all the songs playing are Adele-like songs 	sadness
	New level procrastination:  Avoiding writing my thesis by doing work for another class  	sadness
	great parade in hawaii :) gna be sad leaving lando behind tmrw but i cant wait to get home!  	sadness
	I left my  at my cousin's yesterday:( wahhhhh 	sadness
	if the do not sign Jose Reyesseeing another 100+ loss season 	sadness
	Ate a slice of pizza and I've never felt so  before in my life 	sadness
	man that whales and dolphinsendangared species sila ☹ malapit na sila maubos Cows and meat haha prang ang layo nun 	sadness
	That kind of night when you keep opening the fridge looking for that perfect snack and never find it 	sadness
	Crickets! I forgot my earphones at homehow in the world will I get anything done today in the midst of all this silence? 	sadness
	The end is near for Hoopty We've had good times but I might need to put him down soon  	sadness
	I'LL MISS YOU BETSY We never fit into your sweater today 	sadness
	reading the  volume big commentslooks like a civil war is about to break out  	sadness
	I'd like to take time to exprass my sadness about this topic 	sadness
	I juss got overwhelmed wit and I don't know y	sadness
	new fave thing to watch: a Mets win Will be as sporadic as a Reyes triple He may have more triples than we have wins 	sadness
	Seriously shouldn't she be in a kitchen? Shouldn't someone be watching football? Shouldn't you be texting me back? 	sadness
	 and I friendship has fallen off We don't even text anymore 	sadness
	Damn I wanted to make Blondies and opened the fridge to not having any butter  	sadness
	Wish i could play lacrosse tonight 	sadness
	Lots of follow up for my account/mail issues and now nothing for over a week?? I still can't access my acount 	sadness
	I wish I was an alien so I could play the piano with my long alien fingers But I'm not an alien And I don't play the piano 	sadness
	Significant memories bring back 	sadness
	A little bit of soap entered to my eye when I was taking a bath :(	sadness
	Today is December sir And it's cold 	sadness
	I cant see an Alvin and the Chipmunks commercial without missing my best friend 	sadness
	I heard the piñata break so I ran to that motherfucker but it was filled with Mexican candy 	sadness
	Just casually feeling down getting better because you're having a jam sesh but then you realise you have that history assignment 	sadness
	I want to be pregnant again just so I can be fat with impunity Can't blame my almost one-year old for my big ass anymore 	sadness
	If I never see any of the babes or bros after they leave for college I will be upset I will find you all when I am in college 3 	sadness
	So fucking tired of finding things out last    	sadness
	Staying up with Heidi!! :) Love her will miss her so much next semester!! 	sadness
	Going to bed happy for oncethat is until I think about how I have to work tomorrow 	sadness
	Dudes cant even appreciate having a girl without tryna be thirsty and talk to other girls on the side 	sadness
	when you spend enough time thinking youll realize decisions never get easier and bad news only gets worse 	sadness
	In desperate need of Daisy perfume  	sadness
	Drunken truth: I'm so I love with myself that I won't notice if true live hits me in my face  	sadness
	I miss being close to some of my friends :( 	sadness
	Party cut short We felt like baba was passing judgement on us  	sadness
	I miss HCC and NoteOrious I need to stop listening to high school recordings 	sadness
	Kai  BadtMan_MarQuiz: took a leak  he sed he feels like he jst had an orgasm 	sadness
	 stop taunting me ☹ I'm too broke to unlock you gonna have to wait till next thursday 	sadness
	craving ice cream right now	sadness
	is easier because it is surrender I say make time to dance alone with one hand waving free ~Elizabethtown	sadness
	Brandi's cover of Roy Orbison It's Overand it is officially over for her touring at least here for quite a bit 	sadness
	I don't want to be awake right now Too tired and too cold 	sadness
	Finally at home ending a hard week Now it's time for a hard weekend 	sadness
	from being stranger to friend and now from being friend to STRANGER!! 	sadness
	I feel like a baby face without my nappy beard 	sadness
	Le sigh TwitPic like most technology is beyond me But I want to show ma twitfriends ma ink 	sadness
	I wanna pre-order Rapture but I dont have any money :'(     	sadness
	RIP Patrice O'Neal  so funny on and on the charlie sheen roast  	sadness
	I left my copy of Love Actually at school  	sadness
	Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	I hate computers and research papers 	sadness
	I finished reading  and now there is no more books for me to read)': 	sadness
	I'm serious - I cry over because I know that I'm probably never gonna meet him and if i do he's gonna forget me :/ 	sadness
	Ah fuck just missed my 300th tweet :(	sadness
	One Saturday night a year is devoted to studying Tonight is that night 	sadness
	No mixing drinks for me today Postponed till January leaving me to tackle this Canadian Cinema essay 	sadness
	Bored watching tv I need a more exciting life I hate sitting in my house alone!! :( 	sadness
	bad news guys:( i cant go annymore! i have to pic up my sis from the airport:( sorry!:(	sadness
	I forgot to open my advent calender :(  *cries* 	sadness
	io domani volevo vestirmi tutta figa ma il mio compagno di classe fa sega quindi è tutto inutile ç---ç 	sadness
	Watching the Jay Leno ShowT Pain murdered this songLITERALLY!! (Channel changes) 	sadness
	Whats that mean? RT :O I have unauthorized access to my Ave Maria College emials 	sadness
	I'm dying to go to the  show tomorrow night!! Worst part is I'm in the same city and still can't go! :'(	sadness
	Love is such a big word to only have four letters and it's used so incorrectly everyday 	sadness
	high of today: Bought shit tons of  shit all for myself& of today: didn't go to see Team Starkid 	sadness
	yes people mosquito repellent is my new deodorant 	sadness
	Got Chuck's latest episode downloaded but I don't have it in me to watch it The end is getting closer 	sadness
	Conner is the last guy from the championship team? 	sadness
	Rest In Peace Ginter the fish 	sadness
	I'm gonna cry when you move to college the day after high school!	sadness
	I'm going to have to face it I suck at statistics and always will 	sadness
	nice call out of Malibu Grand Prix It's a school now :( 	sadness
	A pic from last night makes me wanna cry  go on a hard diet haha 	sadness
	My life is being consumed by work I work until midnight on the weekends now Kill me social life gone 	sadness
	Watching a bunch of white people dancing to soulja boy 	sadness
	Gasp! I've been working on paperwork all night and missed it 	sadness
	I think the Oceansize song 'Massive Bereavement' is named after a racing horse on The Day Today QED 	sadness
	I've paced distraught as a motherless child hunched and heavy hearted 	sadness
	Sarebbe carino organizzare un flash mob bollywoodiano anche a Milano Rimane la definizione anche se siamo in due massimo tre? 	sadness
	The river is officially iced over 	sadness
	pensavo che due sorelle che si baciano in bocca fossero solo in scadenti film porno e invece no: approdano anche su facebook 	sadness
	anywaaaays robert got offff here so this means he prob won't follow bc aloooot of ppl will tweet him): 	sadness
	I will forever cherish the picture of Gabriel Medina  I but I'm never putting it up because I look like a hot mess 	sadness
	cheer up baby girl! at least u don't have the flu with no one to take care of ya! 	sadness
	yah I read about it earlier todayguess I'm just not cool enough	sadness
	no phone plus no tomorrow til sunday morning aaahh TOTAL TORTURE ! ☹ ☹ ☹	sadness
	15 more miles an I'm out of gasoline Siri find me the nearest gas station I can coast downhill to  	sadness
	Missing someone special today! 	sadness
	oh I wish you had to camp out for 2 days in tents and my distain for sports and bronchitis stopped me 	sadness
	It's amazing how much bleaker my Monday looks with no new  to look forward to watching tonight 	sadness
	Parents cancelled christmas tree decorating after I rush home from studying downtown! :(  	sadness
	Yeah Am yet to see snow in real life I can only imagine!	sadness
	Just messed up my phone maybe I shouldn't make a dent in the wall with it anymore  	sadness
	Woow! This week tonight it all! Has been soo great! Love all my friends especially  will miss every1 (:	sadness
	I'm reading my note from you from falls creek that one year and decided to inform you that I miss your face!  D: 	sadness
	hate that im the only black girl who have acne problems 	sadness
	Cannot describe how sad I am that going to my least fav team (Lakers) and will be playing with the athlete I hate most (Kobe) 	sadness
	last weekend last year wasn't a good weekend for melol 	sadness
	urg cannot send link Sydney 'extinction event planner' we had some beautiful gravity code that got thrown out 	sadness
	Ando out with a Knee Injury till Feb :/ 	sadness
	I just found out is touring without :[ my heart dropped a little 	sadness
	So Im Under 100 pounds at age 19 (almost 20) and I live in the South PS  I dont have a fat ass 	sadness
	I hate when Twitter doesn't allow enough characters for a meaningful tweet )	sadness
	ugghh i cant believe Rachel Crow left the XFactor!!! she wuz mehh fave 	sadness
	I failed at making your mom's spinach dip 	sadness
	OH SHIT!! tomorrow is part 1 of tha season finale of Son Of Anarchy!! 	sadness
	Yeah I can't load my funny pic of Cam and his twinkie :(  	sadness
	I don't want this fucking christmas whitout you ! 	sadness
	Bahahahahawalkin around trying to look cute with snot running down their nose	sadness
	Omg I hate it when you get a txt from someone that can make you feel down when your life is going great! 	sadness
	You know what? I surrender I don't want to be considered *that* person It's not my forte 	sadness
	To the world you may be one person But to a person you may be their world I don't think so 	sadness
	ill send you my cd lol  Or give it to you after youvstop being a bitch and come see me 	sadness
	twitter wont let me go far enough back into my mentions to find out how we met 	sadness
	Not allowed to critically joke about movies anymore kirundle	sadness
	its funny how i used to talk to you all the time i moved and we emailed and now We dont talk at all! 	sadness
	Had my very first car since I was 16 15 years 2 months and 6 days later: just sold it 	sadness
	Everyday I check the mail 	sadness
	I KNOW!!!! I me a dirty fuck!!! I never got my chance to have him and together mmm mmm mmm 	sadness
	Why does cyber Monday have to be today when I can't afford to spend anything right now? 20% off everything on the Bruins site 	sadness
	I miss you yet you still don't talk to me 	sadness
	Snell?? lol RT: I had to ask why her friend won't give me no play *side-eye* 	sadness
	Ahhh this episode of  seemed short And there wasn't much of Toni  But it was still a good epidsode nevertheless!	sadness
	30 tweets later is still bitchless and my  is lost thought this site is what dreams r made of	sadness
	I hate you shakespear! Why did you make life so difficult for me! 	sadness
	If anyone in the world texted me right now it would lighten up my mood   	sadness
	There's a George Carlin tribute on PBS tonite at 10:30 but I'll never make it 	sadness
	i wonder what happen to  lol just fell off the side of the map huh? 	sadness
	The guys are in the living room watching football and the girls are cooking 	sadness
	Seatbelts Keep you safe in an accident cause terrible pain next day 	sadness
	weird i've been reading 795% this morning Either way I'm not sure I'm comfy w/ a majority telco ownership 	sadness
	Riley's asleep in his own bedI should be excited but I'm torn He's growing too fast 	sadness
	umm Ms Cahill Do you think I could get a follow back please!  :'(	sadness
	 Couldnt wait to see them live If missing them in NH7 wasnt painful enuf Suraj 's performing his last gig in delhi 	sadness
	The zombies in the upcoming World War Z film run 	sadness
	I brought an extra granola bar to swim practice but wasn't there 	sadness
	Missing the element tonight bec of worl equals 	sadness
	woke up afer an hour and a half of sleeping My clock is messed up 	sadness
	“kirnbauer: Ya aprendi la leccion no dormire con mi ipod nunca mas  ” //es en serio estefa??	sadness
	Just realized how much I really liked my TA on the last day of class 	sadness
	I hope she can stay I would miss her 	sadness
	two days ago I rode in short sleeves tonight I rode in under armour and a northface 	sadness
	Lundi y a J Cole je n'y serai pas 	sadness
	you are nowhere to be found!! Too bad you can't make it tomorrow I mean later :( 	sadness
	I wish she would just relax with things and trust me! 	sadness
	Was gonna take a nap but found out that I have homework to do  	sadness
	Tired + Still ill + BoredWhhhyyyyyy? 	sadness
	Extremely disappointed in the bears I was hoping this was the week someone shuts up the Tebow homo's 	sadness
	I miss Ben Reyer a lot I saw him last weekend I  	sadness
	ugh Yes :( Lockhart and I got a big group hug from everyone at the end of the refresher :(((	sadness
	I just LOVE trying to reconnect with someone even though they continue to disappoint me  	sadness
	and just left and I'm already bored and making weird noises No one is answering 	sadness
	I'm tired but its way to cold to sleep! Ready to head back to Bethel tomorrow and finish my last 3 days of student teaching 	sadness
	my sorry self is watching scott pilgrim and scouring lookbookdotnu on a friday night 	sadness
	aww i hear mario kart being played downstairs by the homies as i continue to study for finals 	sadness
	wow bad evening! 	sadness
	I want some sweets soooooo bad but this tooth of mine want allow it!! 	sadness
	I was going to wear my new heels tonight but they're too big no heels for me tonight	sadness
	When Nika called me Jerome I suddenly realised what it was like to be not have the best name in the world 	sadness
	Por primera vez en 9 meses dona cocina me ah fallado what a shame 	sadness
	soo twitter wont let me retweet your brad paisley tweet 	sadness
	I would love to taste all this yummy food my mom brought me but I can't taste shit cause I'm sick 	sadness
	I always get sad when I take my last sip of coffee  	sadness
	lol! That place got rid of their ball pit 	sadness
	I thought that being strong meant never losing your self control 	sadness
	Oggi dei bambini mi hanno chiesto chi aveva acceso la luce e io ho detto BABBO NATALE e loro hanno detto che non esiste nemmeno 	sadness
	Sadly my iPad is dying  :-/ I don't have where to charge it    	sadness
	Need to write 1000 words for an essay tomorrow and another 2000 for friday 	sadness
	Shakuhachi dress $580  10-22 mm lens $708  :(	sadness
	Sometimes I wish I had 300000 dollars to buy a flying car to visit all my friends and family whenever I want 	sadness
	I feel like a little kid with all of these adults here I usually have my sister but she is off with her friends 	sadness
	Okay just checked the mirror No vampire bit me I just slept awkward 	sadness
	i feel like is my most used hashtag which is depressing :/ for every sadness there will now be a  :D	sadness
	best friend left now now getting ready for tonight 	sadness
	Its such a pain having a terrible short term memory i cant remeber what i was going to tweet :( 	sadness
	Shit! MY professor used The First World Series as the example topic for the paper I'm writing so I can't use it 	sadness
	on the bright side the hall now looks amazing 2 days of improper religion 	sadness
	No walking dead tonight 	sadness
	sou um loser ou o quê? 	sadness
	That's all you've been able to extract from Bojan's open letter to Gazzetta?No comment 	sadness
	yeah but I have a strange feeling it's sarcasm cause I tweeted a few days ago I wanted to be one hahaha 	sadness
	eh lo so perché è fidanzato con un'altra donna tra l'altro mezza italiana 	sadness
	On the bus home I'll miss Ron Joe and Justin You guys are awesome!!!	sadness
	Nothing more depressing then not getting an I love you txt back from your girlfriend 	sadness
	ugh so sad now hopes can be built up  crushed in all of two hours 	sadness
	says: Ready to chow the fuck down Ordering my drink now Oh And Pirates has been broken down all day 	sadness
	That awkard moment when you get a text message from the girl that is talking to the boy that broke your heart! 	sadness
	I've been reading for three hours now and am almost done with  This book makes you think!  	sadness
	not long to go (T_T) swinging by tonite to say bye~ 	sadness
	Ahh god damn it watched youtube videos with data on i thought i had wireless on major fail there goes my data for the month 	sadness
	I actually teared up at the Memorial! So many people had such strong hopes for him to turn his life around  	sadness
	Boooooo not getting my phone fixed until tomorrow 	sadness
	I can't believe I went and watched Breaking Dawn without a date 	sadness
	mac about to dieneed to charge but do not want to leave 	sadness
	The moment your favorite song comes on but it's not the version you like but you  anyways!!! 	sadness
	They will each be sorely missed on television I will continue to read their other work 	sadness
	My days aren't going to be the same until February First no baseball now no more Walking Dead :( UGH     	sadness
	Driving through Alabama tornado destruction is still being seen 	sadness
	Totally just woke up and thought it was Christmas morning  	sadness
	Damnmissed my opportunity to see The Dark Knight Rises Prologue early :( 	sadness
	Good morning to you too  I on the other hand give a single fuck about Cyber Monday - OH WAIT Lacoste isn't having one  	sadness
	Ever get the feeling you're not good enough? I do every day 	sadness
	I'm so tired And now the long cold walk homezipperless lol 	sadness
	I honestly see some people posting stuff like that 	sadness
	Hope your team is not a factory of sadness today  	sadness
	:( How's the forecast for the rest of the weekend? RT It's basically coming a downpour at the track right now 	sadness
	thinking about VA Tech another shooting happened today  	sadness
	my poor little puppy huwt his leg ): 	sadness
	Oh yeah I have played condemned Less crack head? Damn I like crack 	sadness
	Not amused Seen my Christmas prezzie pile from mother and father So small :( 	sadness
	Today is a good day except wishing I was home 	sadness
	it's true you won't see my face in good ole sabetha I know 	sadness
	When will rachel ever follow me :( I ADORE YOU !!! Little miss sunshine :)	sadness
	What's up with females recently? No guy is ever good enough for any of you?! Hearts seem to be spilling all over twitter 	sadness
	It just had to rain when As I Lay Dying came to town 	sadness
	If I had to rate the air quality in  today I would give it an F with a point value of -100 Yeah it's really bad today 	sadness
	I told him to text me and he said he can't text BUT he still has it3  he has your parents too(:	sadness
	Chewing gum lost sweetness in 5 mins :( 	sadness
	I just realized I miss my friends and here I am starting a night full of work AGAIN 	sadness
	Those disabled kids on x factor have just made me cry 	sadness
	I was so happy to hear ur touring in America :D but not on the west coast :( 	sadness
	All I know is that I love you and can't go a day without thinking about you So why do you make it so hard to get along with??  	sadness
	I will gladly bet ANYONE that in the next 10 years any pro or college teams here in Washington State will NOT bring a title home 	sadness
	Leslie moved out of the office I have no officemate and a lonely heart It's too big in here  and quiet 	sadness
	OMG who are you!!! Who says that TupacTaughtMe: I could care less about football College or NFL 	sadness
	Now Albert can eliminate the American league 	sadness
	have nothing else to look fwd to Atleast sixers play hard unlike our other team 	sadness
	Lost a follower /3 Yes i do keep track of these things 	sadness
	Soooo much work to dohave not even left my room today 	sadness
	he has literally been sleeping almost the entire day put  because hes sick :( 	sadness
	I'll move on baby just like you when the desert floods and the grass turns blue 	sadness
	I'm a Chargers fan but I'm already looking forward to next year 	sadness
	Why won't you just text me back?? :'( 	sadness
	I think your twitter has frozen i can't read the tweets your sending me jokes you don't tweet me :'( 	sadness
	I wish I went to the Watch The Throne concert 	sadness
	It was?!?! What the heck man! I always miss it! Haha - You guys need another reunion!! :)	sadness
	i want to go out tonight but everyone's about their family time  guess it's time to study T1 	sadness
	Organization of RT  are sum FRAUDS! Keep that shit in the NFC the AFC is for the big boys	sadness
	I just want to melt into a puddle of sludge 	sadness
	you better take some time out of you oh so busy life and make some time for me  	sadness
	oh wack I am so so sorry to hear of your loss I'll be thinking of you and your friends who will miss Drew greatly 	sadness
	NOTE TO SELF: Don't sleep on the couch at my Grandmas house It has bed bugs and now you have bites all on your back :( 	sadness
	Stupid Jew book 	sadness
	and my poor poor jacket? 	sadness
	ohh  well I cant even go cause my mom took the car back :( CTFU	sadness
	Had to pry a rock out from my foot after my epic run 	sadness
	That's super cute I have always wanted bangs but my hair is too curly 	sadness
	Just shed a lil tear kuhz evrytin hannin et sku ryte now Thank God aftr 2mrw break 	sadness
	they won't let me buy it why would they let you? (Plus we'd have to deal with it being YOU too) :/ 	sadness
	Oh Chargerswhy do you make me so sad? You know how I feel about Jay Cutleryet his head remains on his body 	sadness
	This man is coding get me a box of kittens stat! God JD I miss you so much 	sadness
	:( I'm having a moment (waaaan) because you're not here to celebrate my 99 days left 'till my trip! 	sadness
	amazes me when a man/wife adopt they don't think of their sex lives yet a gay couple it's the headline 	sadness
	Dammit just when the giants were making a fight fumble 	sadness
	 is just that - a black mark on society Greed no regard for others and support of a sick  movement 	sadness
	Thanks for all the people who is always supported me till now I wanna say thank u so much Bye Indonesian 	sadness
	I hate feeling like this It's like everything is grey and cold made of fog 	sadness
	This depression is taking a toll on me I don't know what to feel let alone how I feel  	sadness
	 I don't like getting shot down so many times 	sadness
	OMG its December 5th and the windows are open at my house Mr Winter where are you Jack frost is missing too 	sadness
	in the mood for sweets and my shop is closed 	sadness
	Well that's good to hear! Sucks to have one less BBM contact in my list though 	sadness
	I've only been on snow once And that was like 3 years ago o: I just get rain and fog	sadness
	Thinking of all my new friends at  as they deal with a terrible tragedy today  	sadness
	Trrying to tell someone how you're on the verge of crying but you can't stop smiling and you feel like laughing 3   *	sadness
	My heart just sank knowing that someone I know and love's heart is breaking in two at the sight of what I just saw on facebook 	sadness
	Some people Swear that they're  but they really don't have a  bone in they're body! 	sadness
	Pregame will be the last time  look good tonight 	sadness
	i wanna fucking go back to park  	sadness
	 is awesome!!!  I  the writing  :) that I have to wait a week for the next episode :(	sadness
	you got an xbox live trial at your place that I can use? Sledge cancelled his  	sadness
	ah I'm glad :D and oooh quite glad about that aswell their both fit D and noooo don't want jason to go 	sadness
	Tristissima news Brandon è stato uno dei miei eroi I Blazers senza Roy non riesco nemmeno ad immaginarmeli 	sadness
	That moment where I have to get up but I don't want to leave your arms 	sadness
	when won AI I was in his hometown of Garner Then he had a party in Southern Pines where I was! Never saw him 	sadness
	No amount of drinking could ever heal this wound  	sadness
	retired is a strong word 	sadness
	My overweight 37 year old dad just beat me in a 200 meter race I'm feeling     	sadness
	I feed on other peoples energy one persons not having fun neither am I 	sadness
	There's no trusting anyone these days not even the people u think u can trust most 	sadness
	Another day spent in my bed I really should get a life 	sadness
	Reminiscing and talking about how sad it is being seniors when ironically Graduation comes on at Roadhouse Pub  	sadness
	I guess don't be surprised if I don't answer when you call I don't think it will be coming back to life 	sadness
	I got one too! And ok then RT ShortttStack143: I gotta iPhone sucka( lol and lost all my numbers so u text me!	sadness
	I'm missing the Penn State game today i love my buckeyes 	sadness
	Friday  Nope Thursday 	sadness
	 will never be so exciting and so intense anymore since the sunshine already voted out :( 	sadness
	what good is national kiss day if your boyfriend is miles away? :( 	sadness
	i cant eat cause  i got to make weight  	sadness
	I hope the Cards letting Pujols go works out as well as the Pack letting Favre go Thanks for the championships Albert 	sadness
	I dunno what it is about this free agency shit It's like Christmas Jr for me 	sadness
	Seeing an add for 's album on tv and knowing you dont get it till christmas 	sadness
	[OOC:] Afraid I might have to get  in a bit My RP account seems to be acting up 	sadness
	I'd like to take this moment to grieve over the fact that my husband is in Demi Lovato's bedroom and not mine 	sadness
	My lips are on fire Guess I'm putting clothes on afterall :/ 	sadness
	sitting at home on the computer 	sadness
	So its officially Christmastime and I don't know what to put on my Christmas list :( 	sadness
	That moment when you realise that the book you're reading just got interesting but you have to stop because your lunch ended 	sadness
	Y_Strahovski: 10 more shooting days on chuck ! It's all so surreal ! 	sadness
	I'm really sucking at SMB3 tonight Haven't beaten the first world yet and only have 14 lives 	sadness
	There is a hole in my belly and heart where and brinner should be 	sadness
	 the guy you like is at work and he can't text you back /3 	sadness
	 you realize that both harry potter and twilight are basically over what are we going to do now 	sadness
	so you guys know how to connect to hang outs on the app? I'm not sure which button to push! 	sadness
	My brother just took me to where him  his friends rolled a tuck 8 times 	sadness
	My niece and my nephew are both gone Excitement for the day is over :( 	sadness
	Back in MTL but I really wish I still was in NYC seeing for the last time at the CHURCH OF MARS 	sadness
	Need something to do to take my mind off of how the best thing in my life has been ripped from my hands! 	sadness
	Actually went to classpaid attention today I'm sad that I just realized that it's a pretty good class 	sadness
	ready lol I not to long start to study aka watch Econ lectures on YouTube 	sadness
	There is no greater sorrow than to recall in misery the time when we were happy & 	sadness
	Une éruption prévue bientôt en Islande On dirait que je n'ai pas droit aux vacances 	sadness
	I hate it when I go to 's profile and it says  does not follow  	sadness
	I hate when you crave food that you dont happen to have in your pantry 	sadness
	Last day of catholic fun  JustJanellee	sadness
	Nooooooope I didnt I would have but i had club comp and practice on the Friday 	sadness
	correct we've missed like two tuesday lunch dates in a row :( 	sadness
	also this afternoon's cookie was a little stale 	sadness
	When people pass on to a new  there are two emotions that are felt  and   For they are gone but in a better place	sadness
	sorry I made u wanna cry I'm just gonna miss you :( 	sadness
	Watching Breakfast at Tiffany's makes me miss NYC 	sadness
	I want to rent a movie but have no one to watch it with Everyone is at work :( 	sadness
	I love you i love your name i love the way u look at me i love your gorgeous smile you brighten my day and your not even mine 	sadness
	You lucky I would rather be there in the nice weather! I miss it too especially reading all the HS people's tweets): 	sadness
	te amo también!  Hahha Errybodyy body love Billy I missed you on my last day today D: 	sadness
	PS I Love You let the water works begin  	sadness
	Thrice and Thursday broke up ? Man It's only 630 and my emotional stability is at an all time low 	sadness
	Ana has an anorexic cat 	sadness
	So far Christmas is different this year I have not seen any chia pet commercials 	sadness
	Dad's going to Hidalgo tomorrow and I can't go because of finals 	sadness
	Lets give it another half an hour more ): ):	sadness
	I understand all those movies and songs about your heart and head being conflicted I did not know it was possible to be this sad	sadness
	yeah true :( then again everytime were home and I wanna hang out you say no 	sadness
	I think my team lost at trivia :-( 	sadness
	Ma io voglio leggere Martin non il libro di Chimica Martin Non Chimica 	sadness
	Well Looks like I'm missing family vacation thanksgiving happy funtimes to stay in Chicago and be sick Fucking Awesome 	sadness
	My mandus were too poppin Got burned by a legion of hot olive oil 	sadness
	Super upset that I can't be there to support my basketball girls tonight at their first game Good luck tonight girls!	sadness
	might be a huge bruise forming on my forehead :( 	sadness
	RIP my poor little Zune :( lol it was a good 6 years 	sadness
	The musical is over No more skid row or running through the audience with flashlights 	sadness
	just got home seeing we only have 1 follower makes me sad 	sadness
	I did mate Had fish and chips he asked how wasI just looked to the floor and shook my head 	sadness
	I look like a track star crack head w/ shorts on n walgreens lol	sadness
	Red hair is amazing but it fades so fast 	sadness
	the lack of selection of nike spikes online is disappointing me 	sadness
	God what a way to end Thanksgiving Rest in Peace Maggie Daley 	sadness
	Feeling empty inside 	sadness
	got tired of that LMS ish on Facebook sthu! U need attention that bad? 	sadness
	I feel fucking bad at the moment 	sadness
	Hate when you follow someone but they don't follow back 	sadness
	Just remembered my tanning package runs out today ): 	sadness
	tv shows on break!? now i have to wait another week D': 	sadness
	Getting a trim on Friday Which actually means I'm losing 7 inches of hair on Friday 	sadness
	Swear to God TGW commercial break ended Monica Raymund pops up on my screen and I honestly thought I was watching Torres 	sadness
	I just realized I did the hole front page of my math wrong-_- and I dont have a stupid pencil with a stupid eraser 	sadness
	packing up and almost ready to go to the airport 	sadness
	That moment of terror when you go to drink your hot chocolate knowing its about to burn your mouth 	sadness
	Hanging out with peeps when they smokingand just sitting there 	sadness
	haha i think we are going too late schoolies will be over by the time we arrive :/ 	sadness
	My boyfriend has gone to melkbos till the weekend 	sadness
	Horrible headache empty stomachhe when you feel like you have hit rock bottum but you havent yet 	sadness
	Grr another horribly grey day -_-	sadness
	I lost another button on my winter coat 	sadness
	I'm not stuffed I don't eat most of this junk 	sadness
	I hate when you get a notification that someone tweeted you and it's just spam 	sadness
	As  comes to a close I turn to salty snacks and British fashion mags to comfort me on the journey home 	sadness
	Life is as it is      comes as you think  make it more complicated than it really is 	sadness
	Only one more play with my girl and the rest of my crew   \m/	sadness
	I'm in Chicago doing the musical Memphis and our shows are at the same damn time 	sadness
	Poor Josh drove all the way home :( 	sadness
	  is an unecessary  layer of bad interpretation Dnt fuel the fire return to whats present here Follow me	sadness
	There is no milk and I wanna cup of tea :( 	sadness
	chocolate muffin tasting like plain bread and lacking sugar … 	sadness
	u cld put me on a list it seems you follow alot of people but yeh im sure u will benefit and also RT is universal 3	sadness
	no I feel like death! Glad the film was good! So annoyed at my body being I'll that I couldn't go :( 	sadness
	Los candidatos no piensan en el pueblo piensan en sus beneficios 	sadness
	School shootings need to stop  I know there is no quick fix to this But schools are supposed to be safe 	sadness
	i completely agree! it just won't be the same without 	sadness
	I agree in most part Cliona there is a part of my life that is filled with huge Which I genuinely try to fill with love!	sadness
	Rememember that feeling when you was a kid and u opened a present to receive clothes  	sadness
	saw a bunch of dogs in a cage just now 	sadness
	Its an ice cream and sad song night 	sadness
	For the record spending the night in the ER with your Son is not as much fun as it sounds	sadness
	Smokesuminden RT MrTinkTinkIzFlY: Can't stand whn I get off that's when I'm WIDE AWAKE {O_O}  	sadness
	I don't like being alone because when I am alone I have time to think and then I get upset 	sadness
	This is not a normal feeling for me night ppl	sadness
	Black Swan is the best movie ever hands down 	sadness
	Don't know how many times I can listen to the  song It's do sad!! D: 	sadness
	It's funny how you keep ignoring this huge fan of yours supporting you since  from all the way in Panama 	sadness
	butbut U can't go I would miss u Your my fake girlfriend I fake love you  sorry	sadness
	bottega Louie you have failed me no vanilla OR earl grey 	sadness
	drove 3 hours to watch UVA lose 	sadness
	Some nights I miss you but then I remember all that you put me through then I remember why I hate you 	sadness
	I KNO 18 IS LEGAL 4 YALL NIGGAS BUT IF U OVA 25 WHT CAN A LIL BROAD DAT LIVE HOME REALLY DO 4 U BUT WET YA DICK  	sadness
	Man i aint ran track in two years but its koo tho ima be rockin my once piece with my pride out :P 	sadness
	My stupid vevo app won't load Dx 	sadness
	_is having the luxury to contemplate while the vast majority of the people on earth can not	sadness
	Looks like my preminition from 2 months ago may be coming true    	sadness
	trying to write a lesson plan I'm new to this and apparentyl I SUCK!! 	sadness
	:( my travelocity gnome got knocked off his winter shelfunrepairable 	sadness
	What the fuck is going on in the world this week??  	sadness
	I'm sad right about now! God works in mysterious ways! It does not make sense right now but it's all part of gods plans!  	sadness
	Missed out on seeing Fiona Apple in LA tomorrowagain 	sadness
	Relationships end because once the person has you they stop doing the things it took to get you 	sadness
	 i left early  i couldnt take it and i had to see my grandfather leave back to  	sadness
	Depressione post-tour Dopo una decina di date in un anno :(	sadness
	This LONELY ass dinner  	sadness
	Today happened the worse thing ever: I saw you with another girl It hurts so bad    	sadness
	Missing: one sketchbook If found please return via carrier pigeon 	sadness
	ik ben al vanaf 2 uur bezig voor school djeeez! en hett is nog wel vrijdag :O 	sadness
	somehow i feel like that isnt the first time shes watched him leave :( 	sadness
	I'm no longer the mayor of Columbus Crew Stadium on foursquare :( 	sadness
	New stuff makes me happy but I hate saying goodbye to my money 	sadness
	omg cake would be awesome! I haven't had it since my sister's birthday ): 	sadness
	if you've never seen message in a bottlegood  	sadness
	Neither do I But eventually you won't be drunk and John will go to Jessica 	sadness
	I'm so happy  never says she's thankful for me to be one of her best friends 	sadness
	Trying to write a paper while my girlfriend is playing kingdom heartsnot fun 	sadness
	Don't no ur own worth Ur still seeking out girls on fb trying to get laid on ur part :(	sadness
	ITS NOT PENNY'S BOAT! Charlie! Nooo!!! /3  	sadness
	I miss the days when we got time outs for 15mins instead now we get grounded for weeks at a time 	sadness
	Isn't it ironic that the only person who can make you happy is the same person who makes you sad  lonely? 	sadness
	This time last week I was watching twinatlantic this week I am not 	sadness
	just found out thursday are breaking up  thrice are going on hiatus | will make out with everyone tonight  cry sneaky dee's | 	sadness
	guess who doesn't have her floral design course  this girl  	sadness
	I really regret not buying that machete at that walmart in texas IT WAS SO CHEAP TOO 	sadness
	Wish I could've been on  today as an extra Maybe I could've gotten to see in person or something 	sadness
	we'll have a moment of silence For a variety of reasons No Keith Jackson songs either 	sadness
	What a boring ugly day This is taking Lazy Sunday to an extreme The worst part is that you are far away 	sadness
	First day back to work Almost texted to see if she wanted to have lunch She doesn't work w/ me anymore :(	sadness
	Couldn't make Jakey's hockey game :'(  	sadness
	“Jaydanger12: My bro mike leaves for boot camp in a week :(” 	sadness
	The moment when u get thru ur whole timeline  hit refresh  ur like dang aint no more to read! RT if ya know the feeling lol :)	sadness
	Sometimes I wish there was an awesome church close by that I could go to but down in the South being Catholic it's kinda hard :/	sadness
	let's hope so I purchased two one for me and mom Hers works mine not so much 	sadness
	Why is it that whenever someone close is mad at you it is the only person you really want to talk to 	sadness
	& know! Am well jelly haven't been drinking in too too long :( Can't wait for  Exams are shit 	sadness
	Just heard the Graduation Song and actually shed a bitty tear but some of this  people I can deal without 	sadness
	That's real though RT OyokiGurl: lol i need some real news in my lifei write lol but i'm really smdh	sadness
	What outstanding pathetic fallacy outside right now  :'(	sadness
	El Clasico is loaming over everybodies head but i'm for Real Madrid on this onesince well my team got knocked of UEFA 	sadness
	RIP Patrice O'Neilthe world of funny will miss you	sadness
	Oh my that's what I want! Don't know if I can justify driving 45 min for wrapping paper though 	sadness
	i can't maybe i'll have more luck tomorrow!! 3 3 i don't knwow hat i'll do without xtrafactor tbh	sadness
	Am a loner on Twitter too? How sadin real life and twitter Taylor Leigh Carroll is a loner 	sadness
	wow is that a nice carborator if u had one like that maybe sum1 would  end your ?	sadness
	Yeahhh It's taken me a year and a half to watch my Friends boxset all the way through I kept putting off 'The Last One' 	sadness
	Home from workAt least for the next 20 minutes only on break! :(	sadness
	Holy shit that was a good show I'll miss you shaneshane  NYC is lucky to have you  	sadness
	I hope u ain't tryna cuff dat broadThere's a lot u don't know bout her 	sadness
	learning how to spot out b*tches more each day at a time 	sadness
	can't go to the game I won't see   I won't meet Miss_MyMom!!!!! :( 	sadness
	BACK Because everything turned shit when broke his leg 5 minutes ago  he's a tricky skateboarder 	sadness
	ma tutta quella fantasia nel nuovo flyer? farina di quale sacco? 	sadness
	 reason 10: because it's apparently too awesome to be a tv show  	sadness
	  lol  Oh Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family!	sadness
	harry potter weekend is coming to an end 	sadness
	omfg what have i become?! listening to ADELE on repeat alone inb my dark room 	sadness
	i wanna make sure everyone knows that is the one trying to post his  on is anyone up Josh needs to get laid bad 	sadness
	not really any pain this time! I think part of me knew all along!!	sadness
	HAHAA RT Naneeen_: I need to shave down there ao I can make sure I don't have a yeast infection 	sadness
	Can't remember my club penguin login info 	sadness
	it's from the color workshop that  name sounds vaguely familiar to me! Btw I miss ur tutorials boo! lol	sadness
	Bad news guys Lost my hipster glasses Swagger on a negative hundred thousand trillion 	sadness
	that depressing moment when u see your idol retweet your friends tweets  not yours 	sadness
	Broke glasses Tape? This sucks! 	sadness
	YES YOU ARE!  :) ps mandy is moving to chicago  ?? :( 	sadness
	That moment when you give a fuck with someone even though it already hurts 	sadness
	what's the point of being on the kiss cam if you don't win the Arni's gift card? 	sadness
	It's not shit like watching the one thing you don't want to happen happen And worse than you expected 	sadness
	Twitter is becoming a depression thing everywhere	sadness
	Thank you Monday for reminding me why I hate reading the news  	sadness
	nobody to talk to on twitter today 	sadness
	if it makes you feel better I'm having a movie marathon in my room alone :( 	sadness
	im already knowin imma miss my hair appointment this week :-((( 	sadness
	I'm so so tired But every time I wanna close my eyes I just ended up waking up again 	sadness
	that awkward moment when a gorilla shows up at your party and shaves everyones moustaches and claims them as his own 	sadness
	Lost my chronic cd :|  	sadness
	Pure silliness QT RatherHaveJesus: Some really think that Chris Brown is God 	sadness
	Her brother died) and when she cries Her make up doesn't smudge	sadness
	4 more hours? It seem like I already put in a 8 hour day :-( 	sadness
	The most basic broads without a dream in this world are the first to tell you that you can't 	sadness
	One of my homies just got  in Prisonhe was a 3 Strike Offender  only 25 years old!  out here!! 	sadness
	All day long  I feel so sad and at the same time inspired - my 	sadness
	tell a barber nah i'm waiting on him to cut my hair  watch the expression on his face 	sadness
	prolly next time might as well forget my birthday and my name and everything else 	sadness
	Kansas St is trending nationwide Too bad they didn't win 	sadness
	Virginia Tech is making me hurt on the inside 	sadness
	Too broke to afford Black Friday deals on-line 	sadness
	The most Damaging emotion we carry with us is Unworthiness Don't let those Feelings take you down a False Road  	sadness
	I miss you already This break will suck 	sadness
	Oh my lord  is so good tonight  yet so wrong or is going home I knew this moment would come 	sadness
	I need to shave down there ao I can make sure I don't have a yeast infection 	sadness
	as we were driving in the 4th I looked at my best friend on the couch and said he's gonna throw a pick watch 	sadness
	exiled in my own home  i don't know what for  	sadness
	I find it sad that whenever there is football on tv trending turns to that Do tweeters really have nothing else to talk about? :/ 	sadness
	could HAVE!! RT Oh I just got home and find out that I could of gone to the surprise at 3:30 :| 	sadness
	I can't believe that Thanksgiving break will be over tomorrow! :(( 	sadness
	Home from RW Too bad I had to go home na agad 	sadness
	Usually south park can get me laughing but not today 	sadness
	At CHEO for MRI this morning - Striking reminder that if you don't have a sick child CHEO then you can't be having such a bad day 	sadness
	ON THE WAY TO MY HOMEGIRL BABY FUNERAL!!! MAN I HATE FUNERALS THIS REALLY SHOWS ME HOW BLESSED I AM 	sadness
	I lost a friend I really cared for just wasn't what I thought  	sadness
	mi hermana no confia en mi yo tanto q la quiero pero 	sadness
	my first job and i might just have to work on the weekend 	sadness
	Kinda hard to tell someone to stop using their voice when they are the queen of car singing 	sadness
	“Y_Strahovski: NINE more days till the end of chuck forever”	sadness
	Haha very funny sir I got cute feet just too dang cold to rock them out RT flynupee: haha put them dogs up	sadness
	did the horse shampoo work?? i'm sad to say my hair has not grown but i continue to use it in a desperate attempt 	sadness
	saturday at home means i missed chick fil a day for the 4th time in a row 	sadness
	I reallyreallyreally need to read again one of my dear Jane Austen's novels UnfortunatelyI am already reading two book for uni 	sadness
	I only tweet what's on my mind and shit that I feel nd will help ppl     	sadness
	lolololol! You too funny! I sure hope we parted on a good note :/ haha COGM and I are broken up 	sadness
	Dropping Magnus off at the vet to have his man surgery I wonder if he knows what's about to happen	sadness
	I've thought that too But even the guy at T-Mobile said the processor is a piece 	sadness
	I hate feeling needy  	sadness
	I feel sad everydaysome days I just wear my mask better!Frank Parker     	sadness
	She is one of the most attractive people I have met this year but that mo takes it all away MovemberEdm	sadness
	One of the few people that cant go out because of work on thanksgiving 	sadness
	ohh okay no more booth pizza thingy man ☹ 	sadness
	coffeered bull 	sadness
	I completely know how you feel RT JtThomas59: Sad day just got denied indoor ruined my life for the next like 2 weeks	sadness
	I didn't know its happening today 2011 Wakepark World Cup in Al Forsan Oh shoot! 	sadness
	Hanging with and its_TTime_10  since aka chubber bubbers and em went to bed! 	sadness
	Phone isn't working  mom probably won't take me to the ATT store :( 	sadness
	Exhibiting addict like behavior in my quest to locate  My stash seems to be empty 	sadness
	Somtimes i wish i had a better life a good one where i can smile 	sadness
	I texted a lot of ppl and didnt get no type of response 	sadness
	I need to back up my computer and put it in the shop but no money for a harddrive so it shall be prolonged 	sadness
	Feelings hurt: thanksgiving meal pushed back a few hours 	sadness
	Because I'm the only twin kid without dimples so anyway thats my nickname for him dont be mean ladybug! hehe	sadness
	Only if I had a time machine I would have prevented that fight which ruined my life 	sadness
	today is just a sad dayrip to 3 amazing people jeeze 	sadness
	My aunt keeps telling me I gained weight smh 	sadness
	The MidSeason Finale was the most inhumane human ending EVER!      	sadness
	I feel like I did something wrong I feel bad 	sadness
	Man united knocked out of champions league! I'm going to cry! 	sadness
	when the only person i hit up on twitter is my best friends boyfriend 	sadness
	Unfortunately the I 3 Matte palette is nowhere to be found!! 	sadness
	Sometimes when I'm sitting around I randomly shout God dammit Kurt WHY? 	sadness
	Another child for the couple that doesn't know if they want to be together! Wow lucky kid no 2 for Kourtney and Scott 	sadness
	High school is going by way too fast 	sadness
	I am so upset my snowboard is still in IL If I had it I would seriously screw studying for finals and snowboard all weekend 	sadness
	Vorrei che le persone con cui parlo su twitter fossero i miei 'amici' di tutti i giorni 	sadness
	ppl don't care aboot strippers and Bianca's dad gave her away to settle a debt and her ma knows  	sadness
	Quand tu décide de faire ce que les gens disent pour soit disant ton bien ca finit toujours mal  I need you H 	sadness
	Sink is broken so no  2night: Was going to be lambnow just pbj! 	sadness
	 no tweets latelyvery unusualsome would call you a tweet-a-holic  	sadness
	Rest in peace Mike Greer I'll miss our nice conversations :( 	sadness
	I hate hate hate going to bed alone and waking up alone 	sadness
	Admirable effort by MSU but they couldn't hold on Fuuuuck  	sadness
	where can i buy a pug hoodie? i can't find any on your site:( xx	sadness
	We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the fireman     	sadness
	Some people are dickriders and it's sad to say that some of them are close friends of mine 	sadness
	gonna miss that pocket pussy &   	sadness
	Sitting here looking up episodes of Season 4 True Blood because I missed all last season :( 	sadness
	Didn't buy anything on black friday or cyber monday 	sadness
	because im alone in my bedroom and I feel lonely (n)  just in one of those moods i guess grrrr	sadness
	My Juicy Couture rainboots are ripped What can I do with them? I have never thrown out anything Juicy not starting now 	sadness
	I miss you bifffffff! Haven't seen your face allll weekend! 	sadness
	I was so excited when I saw jason sudeikis made a twitter  	sadness
	RIP gary speed true legend and never be forgotten 	sadness
	yeah I think luongo has a minor injury it will probably be Cory Schneider in net 	sadness
	This sunday dinner is gunna go down so well!!! Ahhhh can't wait last sunday dinner in england =( 	sadness
	hardest thing is caring about someone who doesn't care about you 	sadness
	I don't know why I even try studying for chemistry it will always have the same result the test will rape me 	sadness
	Finalspackingmoving outgoodbyes 	sadness
	I don't go outsideonly when extremely necessary My Starbucks consumption has decreased dramatically 	sadness
	Hasbro have issued a copyright claim on Beanyone's Youtube channel? WHERE WILL I GET NY PONIES NOW!? D: 	sadness
	wishes was playing while I'm home this weekend 	sadness
	Panda Express tastes better when you're alone in a car  	sadness
	Well I just cut Jay Cutler from my fantasy team 	sadness
	Bad side of being a hard worker: boss calls you in every weekend because he trusts you to close  	sadness
	feel like i never take the time just to sit down and read anymore 	sadness
	Just watched last weeks episode of  and the ending made me cry :'( 	sadness
	naaahI don't feel my birthday tomorrow Because i didn't get a reply from  ouch:(	sadness
	I feel horrible!!! I guess that's wat i get for being such a butt to my frand =(  	sadness
	Je me suis bien amusé à troller alias le mec qui bloque quand t'es pas d'accord avec lui 	sadness
	Feeling so lost hard to keep going 	sadness
	Brandon roy set to retire due to knee issues 	sadness
	RIP Harry Morgan Thanks for many years of laughs on M*A*S*H   	sadness
	Thank you ASPCA for zapping today's Christmas cheer out if this bleeding heart's day Oy! 	sadness
	im so tired! XP its not even midnight yet:'( 	sadness
	Justin's letters just make me upset 	sadness
	Feel like I haven't talked to in forever 	sadness
	that moment when u tell a joke and u think everyone laughs at it but really they were laughing at somone elses joke Lol 	sadness
	why cant it just be warm out? I miss summer so so so much        :( :( :( :(	sadness
	Its hard to dress skater in the winter 	sadness
	Not really sure how this happened but somehow the front cover of my agenda ripped off And the back cover is like half gone too 	sadness
	I miss you:( it feels weird showering alone And not waking up to your alarm 	sadness
	I'm sad:( It's the last selectionals for RachelFinnKurtPuckQuinnSantana and Mike:(  	sadness
	Won 76-14 only 11 points but good for playing 3 min A quarter! 	sadness
	My cat is sick I cried onto him but I don't think it helped Someone please invent a meow-english translator so I can hear him 	sadness
	Oh my goodness That was an interesting however many hours that happened to be I don't wanna leave my family tomorrow 	sadness
	that depressing moment when you drop your candy cane  it shatters into 39975216900076542 billion pieces :( 	sadness
	My Friday Night Watching Zombie Movies :(	sadness
	So I was just asked to sing “Oh Danny Boy” at my Great Grandparents' funeral They aren’t even dead yet! 	sadness
	uhhhh can't i be part of this amazing shabang at yo place? btw hope your feeling better missed you tonight :( 	sadness
	Working on  is so un-American That being said I work tomorrow 	sadness
	This morning I watch Despicable Me since I discovered that has never seen it 	sadness
	Had at least 3 PEOPLE telling me they've been friendzoned today =)))) 	sadness
	Putain j'en veux trop a ma mère Après le coup du jean quelle m'a déchiré J'ai un SEUM de fou Jlaimais bien( le Jean hein) 	sadness
	I feel so empty without my ipod on the bus 	sadness
	Mom wont let me watch the game cuz she thinks i need rest i dont get half the rest i need anyway 	sadness
	TWITTER DOESN'T WORK  ON MY PC SO CAN OLNY USE IT A LITTLE Please dontunfollow! 	sadness
	NOOOOOO no pongan super torpe a las 9 de la mañana entendemos que nadie lo ve pero yo sí! y no me voy a levantar para verlo 	sadness
	lol I know it said error replying but it go thru sometimes And not 3hrs ago gosh lol& Raggidy Anne lookin ass 	sadness
	GOSH DANG IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I'LL BE ON THE BAND TRIP 	sadness
	Une des mes plus grandes tristesses est le fait que pour la première fois je dois changer de pantalon de guindaille 	sadness
	Yep some pretty crappy feelings have reared their heads   Try  sleep those guys away 	sadness
	I hope your life is going well in LA You deserve happiness and success I think I've gotten what I deserve 	sadness
	OH YES VYRT OR DEATH Death for me Parents wouldn't get me tix 	sadness
	Went to use my headphones but I remember they don't work :( 	sadness
	that awkward moment when you wake up look around and realize was never really in your bedroom 	sadness
	There Will Be Blood on Blu-ray but no blu-ray player yet	sadness
	I'm dreading getting back to real life   me too=[	sadness
	I was grinding  and sleeping RT Bono_BL: U like mad late!! Lol RT JennSays_ATF: Patrice oneal died though?! Really?! 	sadness
	And so the government drags the SA people - kicking  screaming - into the Dark Ages Enough already!! 	sadness
	I succumbed to the germs going around the office Le sigh No sick days yet either 	sadness
	Bummed If I'm lucky will be out of work by midnight :( 	sadness
	I wish I had wings that way I could fly away from this world 	sadness
	So The Place Is Quiet n Boring As A History Class w/ An Old Woman Who Jus Talking Real Dead 	sadness
	Daughters indoor soccer opponent no show Dads take role of opposing team Suffer humiliating 7-5 loss to 7th grade girls  	sadness
	It just hit me that I won't have my mama's dressing in two days  	sadness
	love you to caitlyn So sad I have to miss switch I might die 	sadness
	*sigh* so if things are not often as they appear or I won't it to be seen I guess theres no hope about 	sadness
	Uh oh serato made sumthing equilavant to virtual dj  Vdjs should be happy as fuck right now	sadness
	Solo yo olvido la memory card de mi camara 	sadness
	Can't find my face soap I'm bout to wash my face with Bath soap 	sadness
	When your friend makes a list of friends that are also your friends but you're not included the list 	sadness
	I'm sending my parents your way in March! And by I'm sending I mean they're going and I'm left behind 	sadness
	MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU 	sadness
	I lost my seeds! Now how am i suppose to plant my mctrees! D: 	sadness
	I miss thegraduate a new cd would be coming out around now if they were still together 	sadness
	I wish Eli had anybody to catch a damn good pass 	sadness
	the happiness when I tick something off in my planner 	sadness
	mamma mia mi servirebbe un bel gruzzoletto per poter vedere a new york il concerto dei mars  	sadness
	WHAT!? i have wait till next week? 	sadness
	: i grew some balls today did the unexpected i failed at the challenge my balls have shriveled 	sadness
	The Night Owls are dwindling  CarolineLinden I need my couch buddy!!	sadness
	I feel like my bedroom makes me hate life And I don't know why  	sadness
	Saw a Poster on a rickshaw today: Bharat se rishta kya nafrat ka inteqaam ka! 	sadness
	night bitches :) just leave me hanging here by myself oh well  	sadness
	Dang called him ten times can't wake him up 	sadness
	yeah disappointing FaceTime action I gotta get her drunk! 	sadness
	ouch!! I thought you'd be less focused on them n more focused on my booty? =[   	sadness
	Oh and Apples to Apples at ZimChristParty or die AND why is Danny Brown opening for childish gambino 	sadness
	for the first time since i can remember i will not be participating in the family tradition can this injury be more inconvenient? 	sadness
	I think I'm getting a blister on my thumb from hobby whittling  	sadness
	When people fall asleep while you're texting them 	sadness
	by the time friday night comes around i'm ashamed to admit i'm basically too tired to have fun  	sadness
	Sad day tomorrow Won't have time to watch Cotto-Margarito II  	sadness
	I swear yesterday the girls in my family made me play say yes to the dress and I don't wear dresses! I hate it! I wanted to cry 	sadness
	Lost all my txts from my fiance'Damn phone! :(	sadness
	oh okay! Yeah I ha so many emails w/ cyber Monday deals but zero money to shop with :( 	sadness
	NOW people can start celebrating Christmas Poor turkey day was forgotten this year  	sadness
	38 Years ago today (this evening) my 1st enlistment in the Corps came to an end  	sadness
	They say true love hides behind every corner I must be walking in circles! 	sadness
	No college football today 	sadness
	hey man back off pal!!! Haha 	sadness
	Just finished the campaign on MW3 and I'm not to happy it over 	sadness
	i feel like want to tears when i watch that video 	sadness
	I made a Logan's Run reference joke this morning and no one got it 	sadness
	Fall down seven times stand up eight ~ Japanese Proverb  	sadness
	I'm having to watch the game muted 	sadness
	If Hogs were playin ANYONE but MS Valley State I'd let it slide for Mike Anderson Here's to 35 months of no Modern Family on time 	sadness
	an oversized load truck almost ran me off the interstate this morning I wish it had 	sadness
	My arms hurt so much from yoga yesterday that I don't think I could punch anyone if I tried And I love to punch people 	sadness
	did I mean to this? My heart pains to hear this 	sadness
	S/O to my favorite friend in the whole wide world!! :))) But she doesn't talk to me enough and we never hang out! :((( 	sadness
	Stop wearing your feelings on your shoulders cuz your don't go with your shirt! Lol	sadness
	I feel like I want to watch When Harry Met Sally  eat some Jimmy Johns Probably going to watch the movie but not eat the food 	sadness
	When someone says I hate my life I want to look at them and say Yeah? Well try living mine   	sadness
	that's cuz you famous bro once that happens every girl wants your dick but not for love just so they can brag 	sadness
	Last day at work and the sadness in those amazing Chinese eyes of all my staff is killing me! I had an awesome team! 	sadness
	WTF victoria secret no yogas in stock anymore 	sadness
	Was going to play assassins creed before going to bed somebody took the xbox :'( 	sadness
	What a sad ending for Donovan McNabb 	sadness
	Its my Daddy's birthday but I haven't seen him all day 	sadness
	I always turn the titanic on when Leonardo DiCaprio dies I cry everytime he does /: 	sadness
	Had a dream I tweeted a sentence fragment and RT'd it At first I was like WOO! Then realised it was at my expense 	sadness
	Sad day The food network is not working 	sadness
	I can't get over this Fuuuccckk why'd she dieeeeee And then die for real 4 years before I was born 	sadness
	I've got little kiddies coming over My two little cousins - so adorable Problem is I have SO much homework 	sadness
	Why did  change Clare's character so much? I hate her now  	sadness
	Today's soundtrack goes along with the rain 	sadness
	I miss your pretty face 	sadness
	no thanksgiving dinner today :(  	sadness
	they took nonpareils out of the candy bins and replaced them with crappy multi-colored christmas candy 	sadness
	If I were to step out rite now 75% chance ima run into traffic mind its 4 am 	sadness
	hey ladies why don't you  aka  so his will go away if you do will make you rich and famous	sadness
	Salamwah po! :)Di po ako makakpunta maya :( Baka sa RDR nalang po Hoho Gusto ko pa naman  	sadness
	Yeah natalie makes me feel dirty inside But yeah I'll get over it 	sadness
	I'll wait until tomorrow afternoon to buy stuff I have work in the morning 	sadness
	Its always hard to accept the fact that someone close to u could pass away 	sadness
	Yet another loss in the finals and semis No purple shirt :( the curse remains :( overcoming sadness by stuffing my face in food 	sadness
	I made an interesting observation that my somewhat correlates to my spending I feel like buying a car now	sadness
	I always feel bad when we leave the dog all alone 	sadness
	writing xmas cards Got to my friend who lost her lifelong partner this year 	sadness
	regretably i'm not completely over the coconut allergy 	sadness
	Thanks for our goodbye song and shout out at meal!!  	sadness
	Hold up! Did I really miss Robyn on  ?! I'll be in the corner crying	sadness
	The word limit is 2000 words Words in excess of the limit will NOT [underlined] be marked So I think no leeway :( 	sadness
	I believe that God know deeply in my heart so God hear my pray i believe that you have a good ways to me ‎​(┌__┐) 	sadness
	wow I like a girl that will never like me back 	sadness
	Nothing like biting into a piece of fat mid-meal to make u lose ur appetite   	sadness
	Hate free's on me tod like 	sadness
	so i thought about the past and i thought of you and i started to cry because maybe i do still miss you and want you in my life 	sadness
	I stay having munchie dreams abt the snack closet at the old house then I wake Up :/ …w no munchies and 	sadness
	Cabanga nje ukuthi uKeith Sweat will be performing alongside Ringo and SA jazz artists in semi-towns! 	sadness
	lol no unfortunately it was at a straight club so no gay boys but watching glee makes me wanna find someone now 	sadness
	Fighting the urge to drive 45 min to Hobby Lobby today for Christmas decorations I miss my Hobby Lobby so much 	sadness
	5th Wed of the month = no new comicssatiated with fruit snacks Cheerwine and Young Justice	sadness
	I swear my poor dog Daisy has Alzheimer's All the Mangans are growing up 	sadness
	LMAOOOO smh I know marriage is supposed to be forever but only so much you can take 	sadness
	Joe Nathan left the Twins for the Texas Rangers  	sadness
	This was the first weekend I haven't had homework in years and is most likely gonna be the last for a while 	sadness
	when your family order food when your !	sadness
	Good God  me nd oomf can't hold a conversation for shit anymore lols 	sadness
	I was excited about New Years the other day till I remembered you won't be here ☹ I'll have to get  alone 	sadness
	If I can get 100 followers by the end of this week nothing will change I'll still be eating cheese  eggs at noon on a weekday 	sadness
	you've burst my left eardrum!! 	sadness
	NOOOOO I WAS SUPPOSED TO SEND THE LETTERS ON FRIDAY NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 	sadness
	how did i manage to leave your place without taking some of that?  	sadness
	Finally some restafter three weeks of daily working trying to get in a Xmas spirit for my grandchildren whose mother is sick 	sadness
	turning 20 in 2 weeks and it actually feels as though my childhood is ending 	sadness
	E' ora di staccarsi un po' dal pc e dedicarsi ad un po' di compiti 	sadness
	I got the same exact mark in the 3 Arabic exams we did -- !! 5air ?? 	sadness
	With Summer Katie and Bonnie My life and Bonnie's life sucks Haha We are laying in our sad spots 	sadness
	lol cos I saw on tv that Rick gana only perform in Joburg 	sadness
	Whaaa? You're going to jingle ball? I have been begging for tickets since september  I love TaioCruz	sadness
	the moments when family doesn't treat you like family 	sadness
	ma solo io non ho il nuovo twitter?? :( 	sadness
	Thanks for the tickets to  and the ensuing insomnia I haven't laughed so hard since watching New Moon  	sadness
	Thank you buddy  You're a good friend  Unlike and his abandonment of both me and the twitter community  	sadness
	I was never a FeaR fan no offense but it's sad to see a long time member like Assass1n leave Good luck in the future	sadness
	one test left at 8am tomorrow and then goodbye mankato forever :'( 	sadness
	- being call fat is horrible fair does 	sadness
	Algunos HDP ya vieron el trailer de The Hobbit y yo acá en mi casa sin nada que ver ni siquiera The Walking Dead 	sadness
	Don't have an advent calendar yet :( 	sadness
	everybody it's okay don't worry! My karma is okay they can only lower it once per day! Few hours from now? 	sadness
	SoI can't deny it any longer Tomorrow I head back to work - packing my lunch now 	sadness
	Kikou jeune poney Est-ce que tu vois la photo de la fat pipe sur mon compte? Pks moi non 	sadness
	It seems like I'm sharing the same feeling with everybody tonight 	sadness
	This four day weekend was a blink and you might have missed it kinda thing 	sadness
	So sad that I'm missing  -___- 2nd year in a row! 	sadness
	Not looking forward to going back to school tomorrow 	sadness
	GiGi_LaFleur: RT Mallibaybee: So what's the point of being a twitter model ?? Showing that ass for free-- for follows Lol----	sadness
	I feel sad :( I know why and idk why but I feel bad for it :( 	sadness
	Had a dream that I was walking to Trader Joe's to get some chocolate but woke up before I ate any 	sadness
	Psalm 5:2 Hear my cry for help my King and my God for to you I pray    	sadness
	Lost in a fog of uncertainty 	sadness
	Ur leaving me behind lying to me about why u never reply to my messages But I'd rather tell twitter then tell u and lose u 	sadness
	Tomorrow band practice again  	sadness
	don't you hate it when people give up their friends for acceptance while stabbing their friends in the back? 	sadness
	It's a shame I'm working at the Berkshire Mall and I don't have money to get JVReemer21's autograph 	sadness
	I'm not gonna be able to finish this movie before I have to leave :( 	sadness
	na let me stop playin lol I remember I had to be carried to the car last summer lol Smh 	sadness
	unsung could have a whole season of shows just based on the artists at Bad Boy 	sadness
	Coming home tmrw!! But dont get to see my baby till sunday night ): 	sadness
	Someimes words hurt More than  Actions i wish i could take back the words i said 	sadness
	lost a friend = lost a piece a my heart /3 	sadness
	your words hurt like a water bottle being thrown at me 	sadness
	ok my fucking elbow hit my phone and it ended the call and I tried texting you and it wont send 	sadness
	Blehh I wana go to the a day to remember concert :( 	sadness
	headache tired procrastinating this is not a good time for randy 	sadness
	I did All I could ever make out was hair and sometimes butt You couldn't tell who was who though 	sadness
	That depressing moment when you lose a follower 	sadness
	What ever happened to dressing nicley for thanksgiving? im the nicest dressed person and im wearing a polo shirt 	sadness
	you are hot i love you forever wish you were sleeping over my bed is empty 	sadness
	The Christmas shoes song is playing at work All I can think of is and JoeyRichter  	sadness
	startin yah work late young lady Lmfao	sadness
	“RogerClark41: This just in: The Mets have traded Shake Shack and Blue Smoke for a Bob Evans and a restaurant to be named later”	sadness
	I Just Got Beat By My Dad In Chess 3 Times ! 	sadness
	Dear summer I miss you and swimsuits-Cool kids (SirMichaelRocks Chuckisdope) just came on in the shuffle good memories though	sadness
	I miss greece I miss greece I miss greece I miss greece I miss greece :(	sadness
	Oh for fuck sake!! Now they just put down the horse that broke its leg I know it happens in the real world but WTF?!! 	sadness
	The sad moment when you're warned that you're probably gonna get made fun of at school theat day! 	sadness
	Brother just told me how much he's gonna miss me when I go to college 	sadness
	I don't have a tacky winter/holiday sweater 	sadness
	:O Oh no! Hopefully her son writes some good Dragonrider books I'm a few (probably dozen) behind	sadness
	I wanna let her ride till she arrives and let it drip down my throat	sadness
	So tired of crying all the time  	sadness
	just opened my orch folderand my huge black brigadoon music wasn't in it 	sadness
	Hmm They removed all the guilds and the gold mine I hope they don't cancel Apocalypse altogether D'8 	sadness
	 guess i should clean my room	sadness
	Just wanna curl up and watch a movie with  but I'm stuck in Norton till 9pm 	sadness
	it is imperitive that i go to ear x-tacy tomorrow i must say my goodbyes and buy a crap ton of cds   	sadness
	Missing performing a Christmas song together at  	sadness
	r u performing ur show tomorrow? Where? Give me information :( 	sadness
	resting early wasn't as well-received as i hoped to be night everyone xx	sadness
	I Gotta Put On Like 20 Diff Shower Caps Just So Ion Get My Hair Wet In Dhaa shower  Lmbo 	sadness
	I have officially retired Vagrant Story and Final Fantasy Tactics Fear Effect 1 will more than likely retire tonight as well 	sadness
	Wishes was here to watch friends with me! Late night rerun tradition 	sadness
	I swear we're cursed! ♥RT Lulu_Kinzz: One Of Those Heart To Hearts With TeE_LoUche !!! 	sadness
	Why Breaking Dawn was an even bigger disappointment than expected: Ay jen ay jen di mo nakita si taylor na nakahubad :( -Karisse 	sadness
	LOL RT teamziller: RT RT NepeanTX: Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	I miss Mitch Ahhh can't stand being without my best friend ): 	sadness
	BLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH A week from yesterday it'll be a year since the second time I met 	sadness
	What type of woman feels comfortable fucking with another bitch when they have a child 	sadness
	I was told I was going to get a text from you today? 	sadness
	So many amazing concert tickets go on sale this Friday   	sadness
	am going to miss the freehugs spree tm!!    sniff!	sadness
	has finally run out of that invincible hair gel 	sadness
	Happy birthday   what would the world be like if  were still rocking it 	sadness
	I might not be able to do anything tomorrow or the rest of this weekend 	sadness
	Getting no sleep over a chorus project?  	sadness
	realizing that your friend left you RT  realizing that your friends are right by your side when you need them	sadness
	 come back into my life we never hang out anymore 	sadness
	Invites sent Now Im getting more turn downs than confirmation of attendance 	sadness
	D: TODAYS EPISODE OF FMA WAS FREAKIN SAD Wish I had a lil bro like Al or a big bro like Ed 	sadness
	It's amazing to see people change before your every eyes! 	sadness
	Ce tweet provoque chez moi un grand sentiment de dépression 	sadness
	Damn even the Lions can't be faithful 	sadness
	Last night I had a dream that this really hot green eyed guy asked me to snowball I wish he was real 	sadness
	Yesss stillI get a little better and then I get worst It's a never ending cycle Awh! Happy to hear that :)	sadness
	I never had a heart to heart with today 	sadness
	i got a bunch of remixes but not the cd that they just released it was only from stand up and scream 	sadness
	Depressing news My work buddy got a new job Who will I get to torment now? 	sadness
	I messaged you our room infotweet me updates if you can 	sadness
	I'm tempted to turn off my phone and ignore most everyone /:  	sadness
	What the fizzy! Youtube isn't letting me watch 's new video :( 	sadness
	nak tengok breaking dawn part 1 :( 	sadness
	i wish people actually realized under this bitch attitudei actually have feelings :( 	sadness
	I want a flash mob to perform for 	sadness
	that akward moment when you just made a twitter and you realize you have 1 follower you dont even know    	sadness
	Hey gdungan3008 care to explain this Turner Gill fella? 	sadness
	cool just lookin like a potato compared to all the girls on my soccer team at this party 	sadness
	And out of all days of getting out early my last class ever we're going until 7:20pm 	sadness
	Little Sis and her boyfriend are watching Bill and Ted but they're also snuggling so I'm not welcome 	sadness
	ew i was only busy for like an hour you'll be busy for like 4 	sadness
	why so many Ciara and tweets today Don't take me back to my and my  times	sadness
	I want to trip out to  so bad I have not been back to  in 12 years And I was born and raised there I miss the waves 	sadness
	That moment when you realize you actually have to get off the moving side walk at the airport 	sadness
	Just read that campus wide email about ms joan austin 	sadness
	Wish we had a Computer Engineering class at school! I crave technology all day!!! 	sadness
	I don't like that you are moving into Shannon's because I don't get to see mama Shawn as much Or at all! 	sadness
	sent me an invite but won't allow me to log in Then I tried to sign in with Facebook and it wait listed me again 	sadness
	Dear TV why is it everytime I find a show I love you find some way to ruin it ur a JERK!     =(	sadness
	is slowly slipping back into depression :( 	sadness
	my dad's butchering my christmas tree 	sadness
	now i know why i choose instead of      Its easier for me to express myself i guess :(	sadness
	Sitting in class looking down on my hands nail polish looking shabby 	sadness
	you sound like you don't want me as a life coach 	sadness
	I miss Harry Potter :( 	sadness
	final episode of friends 	sadness
	I mean I do have the Ultimate Motown Christmas Collection and it has Give Love but it's the Johnny Gill version 	sadness
	I would just die if I got to c him in concert! But it's 2 hours of a drive :(	sadness
	My empty tummy feels like a black hole of hunger and cold   	sadness
	Haven't talked to my boyfriend all day 	sadness
	Get to work early?  Yep am proud but to my dismay my supervisor is still not here  	sadness
	No one I wanted to win won tonight 	sadness
	Food sounds so good right now Too bad I have none 	sadness
	Participate in my contest jerk faces! 	sadness
	2 days till I'm in LA 	sadness
	Was planning on having Campbell's Soup At Hand for lunch but it spilled over in the microwave Dora Spaghettios it is	sadness
	Everytime I hear from my East Coast family it makes me miss them even more than usual 	sadness
	Was hoping to eat a chocolate square with my coffee  WHY DOES THE CHOCOLATE SMELL AND TASTE LIKE PARMESAN CHEESE?!?!  	sadness
	 wait it's eaten with a coconut? Lmao I don't remember I haven't had it in a decade! 	sadness
	I would be crushing some online poker today  	sadness
	comfort eating when you realise theres never going to be another Harry Potter film	sadness
	si infatti è così io invece voglio sempre crederci ogni volta ma tanto è inutile 	sadness
	AH! Do you have any shows coming up? I totally missed Woods and just thought of it 	sadness
	Missing my sisters bridal shower tomorrow :(  I wish I was home 	sadness
	is on a bus wanting to go home 	sadness
	last mcc ever tomorrow  so many people aren't going :(:(	sadness
	Welcome December! It's so weird that you have a crap ton of snow and I have none! 	sadness
	Having a hard time right now Lots of Good thing it's time for Sunday night 	sadness
	man nesanak man vienkārši nesanāk :( man čist nesanāk vienmēr visi visu par nopietnu uztver jeb neparizi pasniedzu x4	sadness
	I wanna go to the Golf Wang Shop so bad 	sadness
	CU_Problems: No Booster Juice on campus 	sadness
	People come back I miss you 	sadness
	RT: GirlPosts: Society killed off what was left of her confedince And yet she still blamed the mirror 	sadness
	I very rarely am in desperate need of someone to talk to Tonight is one of those nights Everyone is sleeping I'm at a loss 	sadness
	i had actual Thanksgiving food today but no pie 	sadness
	why isn't there a hot tub by the new pool by the dorms? 	sadness
	gonna be the big 2-0 not that sweet little girl that used to make me buy her dunkins every morning 	sadness
	The beach is ma BRAND NEW BFFnd i dnt wana b seperated from ha by this long distance we wil go thru wen i go back home on its way	sadness
	trying to be a good person puts u off track from being the good person u naturally are   	sadness
	Im strong because Im weakIm beautiful because i knw my flawsim fearless bcos ive been afraid I can laugh because ive known 	sadness
	That utterly devastating moment when you realise that you have outgrown a childhood friend 	sadness
	I miss you more! I'll be home tomorrow! (Today depending on when you read this)!  	sadness
	Basically I just wanna hibernate till next saturday but seeing as I can't tomorrow morning will just have to do!	sadness
	Not feeling much better today but I have to try and pull it together for worknot even moving yet 	sadness
	Poor Jimmie Copper Doesn't know how to tweet 	sadness
	It kills me when people have all these emotions that they just can't express in a mature manner 	sadness
	i miss & is always busy w/ work and ish and doesn't have time for me anymore 	sadness
	My best and worst personal characterisitc is empathy I feel for others loss deeply 	sadness
	Today we start staying open until 10pm It was nice knowing my children 	sadness
	the staff for my Gandalf action figure has mysteriously disappeared :( 	sadness
	dam man I am mad losing my call of duty skills bro! 	sadness
	oh I was like going crazy searching for that channel but then i was like owaitits a UK channel Then I got sad 	sadness
	The transition is nearly complete Mirror mirror on the wall I am my mother after all 	sadness
	I have a feelingcould be the end of our group 	sadness
	legs are killing me and I'm on the animal unit allday tommorrow 	sadness
	People really should be able to turn their emotions off they just mess things up!!:(( 	sadness
	Y ese fue el último update al SVN de Circus Charlie ya me da nostalgia 	sadness
	Gotta get on this early flight back to GA tomorrow at least I'll be back home in a couple of weeks for a real break	sadness
	If you have a journal don't read the past :( 	sadness
	Muchos culpan y recriminan el armamento pero el problema del hombre no está en las armasestá en su corazón 	sadness
	Twerk Team is trendingguess whenever lil girls aint get'n pregnantthey Twerking! 	sadness
	ThinkMoneyOTG:  2 shot dead on Virginia Tech campus (BLOG) 	sadness
	Happy thanksgiving to all u sad people tht r looking at my twitter when u can be eating 	sadness
	How did I not realize that I was sitting behind this beautiful ginger man? Oh fuck he just read my mind and put his hood on 	sadness
	Bring on the debate of Ecuador Coffee was promised theres none 	sadness
	I can't access Ustream so yet again I miss out first I missed the concert in south africa now I can't even see  :(	sadness
	I'm on a  Vibe gon feed this depression to the paper with a pen as the spoon My Pad is hungry and Imma feed it this 	sadness
	XMAS BREAK: WHY U NO COME FASTER?! 	sadness
	    Hear my cry for help my King and my God for to you I pray Psalm 5:2	sadness
	I hate falling asleep with someone and when I wake up their not there 	sadness
	the moment you realize you've lost the one person you always needed most but wouldn't admit it 	sadness
	My friend came over to my house for a sleepover and she forgot her copy of  Deathly Hallows Part 2 Really?? D: 	sadness
	I miss my big sister 	sadness
	My ipods dying :( that means no facebook or twitter till I'm off work 	sadness
	My Ryan Dunn tribute will be happening soon Wish I could have watched the tribute on MTV 	sadness
	For some reason I woke up thinkin it was Friday then I got to school and realized its really Monday -_- 	sadness
	Men want a good woman but whats the point if your too inconsiderate n selfis to even appreciate her 	sadness
	so he's leaving straight from his bros and I don't wanna risk taking mah car =( 	sadness
	Bye November  :( Time for me to start me holiday homework~ D: 	sadness
	indeed Hope it's a quick fix!!!	sadness
	THEM NIGGAS BUY THE STYLE THE DON'T CREATE THE STYLE!  	sadness
	No matter how hard I try kid cudi won't retweet me 	sadness
	Someone please please cheer me up sudden wave of :(	sadness
	I don't have hair wax to do my hair tomorrow 	sadness
	Had to skip gym today 	sadness
	Lmfao real talk RT The_Live_Phive: tell a barber nah i'm waiting on him to cut my hair  watch the expression on his face 	sadness
	kinda sad brunos leaving and we wont get home cooked meals errrdau 	sadness
	your personality is dead you look dead too 	sadness
	The Pack is putting it on us and my boy is running a fever 	sadness
	Panera helping teach my kids life lessons sorry we're out of cinnamon crunch bagels 	sadness
	Nothing compares to that terrible moment when you realize you can't hit snooze anymore and you HAVE TO get out of bed:( 	sadness
	You know Brian's bed is really lonely without him in it He'd rather play video games :( 	sadness
	One of these days we'll tire of taking digs at  InsaneSibal and others But they won't ever tire of stupidity 	sadness
	I hate going to sleep now Dreaming is no longer a wonderful experience I wake up in tears 	sadness
	Loved it  belgium is a pretty place  but sadly i had the flue :( 	sadness
	My style of teasing doesnt translate very well over the internet =/ 	sadness
	Dada a la gran cantidad de barba que me crece nunca podria estar en una banda como Minus The Bear 	sadness
	I want to meet people from LOST but I probably never will 	sadness
	best date eva or crowns RT Lmfao RT InMe_iTRUST_: McDonald's is fun tell em durt	sadness
	Tomorrow's SundayThat means school Monday 	sadness
	Waited like for fcukin ever for this day and it's about fcukin some shxt that ain't even mine 	sadness
	Not the finish I wanted but all around good season  to season 	sadness
	Perhaps parts of the US will realize that the 2nd amendment is by no means absolute and enact stricter gun control laws 	sadness
	Congrats! Also my copy of your new book is missing the last page of the Sauna chapter 	sadness
	damn just realized that I am not going to be able to watch half the hockey game tonight 	sadness
	Wow orange is just not you girls color Could be worse those  lol	sadness
	Adding things to my wishlist on Amazon things I cannot afford 	sadness
	Man these lasts two weeks have really screwed me up Time to get back in the gym pronto! I'm officially down to a 4 pack 	sadness
	Stupid brother's hockey all day tomorrow :( I will leave the house at 7 and return at 10! What a waste of a day! 	sadness
	I'm a pimp under pressure leave my money on the dresser got bitches to  needs laid now 	sadness
	 eighth grade red team memories 	sadness
	Sooooo done with studying I need a massage and a cuddle buddy :-/ mode	sadness
	Some fake Thug told me its lonely at the Topguess he meant living in his momma attic! 	sadness
	guess my grades are gonna suck - makes me wonder why i put in all this effort :(  :'(  	sadness
	So wants to hit up Walden Galleria for Black Friday  	sadness
	ohh i don't think it's as boring as my town my town is lol	sadness
	that mini heart attack you have when it says is following you but turns out its just a poser with the same picture 	sadness
	where the Man United fans at tho lol lol feel for Man City tho	sadness
	I feel like my twitter friends dont really like me anymore 	sadness
	My favorite barista quit when I was at school It feels like a loved one died and I'm just now finding out  	sadness
	sounds solid :p that's a good movie :D and u just broke my heart 	sadness
	we'll have a long chittychat on Skype soon I have a migr tonight so I'm going to sweep ASAP  	sadness
	Miss it when the football aint on tv 	sadness
	I'm strong as a rock but I tell you I do break down when people throw me down ☹ 	sadness
	Twitter is freaking me out right now! Why won't you work ! I have so much to say  :(	sadness
	I seriously can't open this bottle of mountain dew :( 	sadness
	i'm appriciating you ripping the belly button apart :( thanks  	sadness
	ugh it died again and my bootleg charger isn't working anymore :-(	sadness
	gotta work on this Victoria secret body of mine   	sadness
	I get it only people who can review the new game to make you guys money 	sadness
	I did read that kimberly mcCullough was leaving the show in January does this mean they're going to make Robin die?   	sadness
	Ang boyfriend di dapat gawing driver handiman o chimi-aa Ginoo ko dai Maulaw ka uy Maluoy ka sa tao nga nabuang ra ba nimo 	sadness
	Apparently trevor means big village is that a fat joke 	sadness
	Pat Shurmur and Colt McCoy are having a good old-fashioned Who's Worse-off Both of them are winning   	sadness
	percuma juara umum sea games tapi di cap sea games yg paling ancur spanjang sejarah ┐(´～`)┌ 	sadness
	Today there is no hot boy in my bus 	sadness
	The trouble with normal is it always gets worse	sadness
	I don't think we have had a conversation in quite some time 	sadness
	yeah i'm crazy and ugly :'( 	sadness
	When a guy says he needs a girl to be happy 	sadness
	Mac Miller was/is so close to meif I had a car	sadness
	I can only hold so much tears back /3!  	sadness
	No amount of time can ever heal the list of your mother 	sadness
	Aaahhh!! Im losing followers O_O annd i finally was able reach a 100 	sadness
	Truth be told I miss youand truth be told I'm lying!  What happened to AAR? :( 	sadness
	Rewatching Harry potter 7 part 2 	sadness
	Nothing like a good cry I guess  	sadness
	No more Pulzar FM :( another earthquake victim Sucks   	sadness
	I can't believe I'm missing opening day But our football team needs their pep band! 	sadness
	another underachieving week for the fantasy team	sadness
	Wa nakapasar akong neighbor sa civil engineering exam :( 	sadness
	My mom has the day off and I had to go to school today :( this sucks  	sadness
	Down to my final hours of prison break 	sadness
	maybe i should stop being weird when im bored in class so people stop laughing at me 	sadness
	Didn't have time to watch this weekend 	sadness
	Walking into uni with a heavy heart 	sadness
	Lost my Beanie at school and bombed a Spanish quiz 	sadness
	Season finale of  tonight 	sadness
	lolz we are freaking funny you didn't eat my lucky charms today 	sadness
	this guy just gave us 2 pop reading quizzeson our three 60pg readings 	sadness
	Leaving the beach breaks my heart 	sadness
	I kinda wish i was black friday shopping at hot topic and looney tunes right now :/  	sadness
	WE LOST OUR REMOTE AND CAN'T CHANGE THE TV WiTHOUT iTSO iTS VH1 FOR US 	sadness
	twitter should be  person of the year end 	sadness
	your text made me miss competing 	sadness
	Northern downpour played right after trade mistakes /3 	sadness
	Yeaahh I'm not feelin so hot today I'm thinkin my bed and I are gunna get some one on one today Arg! I don't wanna get sick 	sadness
	I miss you is G coming home for Xmas?   ?!?	sadness
	I would ROFL right now by my chair has arms so I can't fall off it 	sadness
	la ps3 todavia no se vala tienen que venir a buscar :)lo que sicagué con ir al EVO este año jajaja! 	sadness
	That painful moment when you see someone really attractive at a random place  know that you'll never see them again 	sadness
	babies dead from aids josh need laids sum1 sleep with him n maybe u get paids  check my flow	sadness
	This Nigga childish  Dnt fuckin Lauqh at my brother bcuss he gotta problem he cnt help Tf 	sadness
	Keep looking at my phone waiting a txt even tho i know I won't get one 	sadness
	So who do we have in the Friday night mid-major game of the week? Oh yeah At least there's no Craig James	sadness
	He has a doggy cold:( had to leave him at the vet! RT Brandon_J_: oh no what's wrong?	sadness
	lost my travel mug today 	sadness
	shanedawson: I had no idea that you had a girlfriend It's sad that it ended ): I'm sorry  :/ That video almost made me cry )': 	sadness
	Food is a foreign word in my house 	sadness
	that's so crazy! You are  I better be able to celebrate with you! Or I'll be upset 	sadness
	Wanting hot chocolate 	sadness
	oh gee I feel so much better Nice try though	sadness
	calling Dell to have my laptop adapter replaced I've been on hold for what seems like forever now 	sadness
	Just saw an injured animal still moving in the middle of the road If I wasn't already a vegetarian I would be now 	sadness
	I lost my favourite scarf 	sadness
	So bored and cold I wish I could cuddle up with someone and watch a movie   	sadness
	My twitter isn't working I'm going to cry 	sadness
	lol it was amazing but he didn't hear it bc I was laughing to hard 	sadness
	Can't believe we feel this way but please  lose today And lose badly   	sadness
	NO i haven't gotten it yet Glad you liked my tweet though hahaha! 	sadness
	same here but I won't get my license till summer 	sadness
	I hate it when my nose is all clogged for no reason and I'm eating Makes me wanna cry because I can't taste the fucking food 	sadness
	real friends never leave u :) RT __chocolate: realizing that your friend left you RT di__LA  realizing that your	sadness
	SICKIE! Been in Smalls' bed all day Actively trying to get better by doing nothing      	sadness
	i use FCP7 & my media went offline for some horrible reason and it wont go back online TT^TT 	sadness
	This is going to kill thebillyfinnega! RT Funny Girl no longer coming back to broadway 	sadness
	Mari people are speculating that the Sheriff dies next week! I might cry! I don't want it to be him! 	sadness
	My heart and mind are with you Virginia Tech Stay safe everyone 	sadness
	I will try it it's been a while since it happened this is the first time i could tolerate touching the keyboard 	sadness
	probably just wearing jeans tomorrow 	sadness
	When you want to talk to someone but you have no idea what to talk about 	sadness
	Wow the only dude on the team that did goodie right there :hat	sadness
	Jeans make great rain pants!    	sadness
	Finally knows what it feels like to lose a follower 	sadness
	I hope notsmh RT Some really think that Chris Brown is God   	sadness
	Don't let the from the past or the fear of the future rob the  of the present	sadness
	it's a sad day today the last day of westlife being together think I'm gonna greet :( 	sadness
	Tu me juges et me condamnes sans me connaitre c'est bien pour ça que tu vas me perdre -(( 	sadness
	I miss Max And her waitress uniform 	sadness
	That moment where that 24fl oz coors light is as over as your ipod's thanksgiving playlist 	sadness
	What ever happened to Haley Joel Osment? He was a great little actor and now he's just vanished  	sadness
	He left at 9 this morning to go work :( 	sadness
	I forgot the mom dies in hope floats 	sadness
	5 story beautiful freeeeaking townhouses in southend boston Be mine I need to be married into this family not billy 	sadness
	Crying is something I don't enjoy Please dont leave Landen!!!!!!!!!& 	sadness
	videoBB a coupé au moment ou Ted a dit à la fin But there was one thin Robin never was or something 	sadness
	And mom thinks I have the flu So I may or may not show up later 	sadness
	Tired work And forgot lunch :o 	sadness
	I'm gonna miss 2hrs of the Hog game tomorrow due to work 	sadness
	lucky asssss I still have exams mon-thurs :( you gnna do your puff-write technique on this one? Lol	sadness
	But hello world and I'm back at work now except that my husband seems to have consumed the last Coke Zero  	sadness
	Little Pigs Too in Peak has closed 	sadness
	just got a random dose of missing someone	sadness
	My phone's about to die but the charger is light-years away 	sadness
	The concerts I miss for Alpha Phi Omega 	sadness
	no kitty to cuddle with this morning 	sadness
	Could happily die but wouldn't die happy 	sadness
	I would like a blanket cocoa and a movie not a computer and a cubicle Bye bye vacation besets me!	sadness
	Rough morning coming back to work on a yucky day after a 4-day weekend 	sadness
	Bout to drink da rest of dis vodka 	sadness
	People can't understand your busy schedule 	sadness
	Realizing there's no Milk in your house AFTER the cereal was poured  	sadness
	cool there's not shit to eat 	sadness
	Last play performance tonight 7:30  :( don't want it to be done 	sadness
	My mama's on a health craze!! Wheat bread wheat pasta and salad for dinner! WHYY?? 	sadness
	All packed and ready to leave the Port of Elizabeth!! Last day at NMMU tomorrow!! 	sadness
	Cry if you need to RT bArbz1912: I haven't listened to Take Care all day 	sadness
	Yeah that's a good thing! BTW you use twitter as much I use EFP for *HUO* fanfictions! Dammit! Regina dislike that 	sadness
	+1 *cries* RT Chultu: An instant Friday evening plan goes ti ti fissssh :(	sadness
	Woke up to finish a paper that will have no effect on my grade whether I turn it in or not 	sadness
	I don't recommend looking for it but just saw a story about a Bradford Councillor battering 4 kittens to death Guys a total Cunt 	sadness
	Everyone hates everyone what a mad world we live in 	sadness
	Too broke to go to black friday 	sadness
	Misbah you couldnt resist could you?! You had to ruin it! This is why people hate you! Finish one game ever!?   	sadness
	Now I know why I'm so into him He looks just like this great guy I met back home except he's lighter 	sadness
	Me and don't go on fates anymore:'( that's gonna change thoughxD	sadness
	That awkward moment in Duffy lecture hall when you drop something and it goes under the seats in front of you 	sadness
	I don't remember the last time I had a PBR 	sadness
	I'm beginning to think that I can't pronounce my own name Today someone thought it was Kellen 	sadness
	i hate it when you play online you start winning for once and then the person quits 	sadness
	  was a happening place with trendy good looking people and then now 	sadness
	I miss both of my best friends in the whole wide world 	sadness
	cut on the back of my leg that has been bleeding since 5:30 am! what is going on??????  	sadness
	my twitter is not working at work 	sadness
	Twitter keeps saying forbidden when I try to follow 	sadness
	the midseason finale of 90210 had the most beautiful wonderful love of my life get in a motorcycle accident! 	sadness
	last day with All the cool kids in my class	sadness
	Such a boring day now I have to wait in the cold :( 	sadness
	My assassin' creed 1 broke  	sadness
	The suns gone dim and the sky's turned black 	sadness
	Nope :( Even Allen and Foord who were warming up right in front of me 	sadness
	Cutler should win MVP bc without him the Bears will probably not win another game  	sadness
	LOLOLOL!!!! RT 1st_ClassAct: My grandmother won't let me step foot in the kitchen 	sadness
	“calgarysun: RIP Harry Morgan Col Potter from MASH Dead at 96” 	sadness
	I honestly don't want to leave this place Best year of my life! 	sadness
	we cant comemy mom didn't make it home and we didn't have a ride 	sadness
	Came outside and mi hair went poof poof 	sadness
	A bar where the only beers on draft are miller lite and bud light?  Srsly? Not a Stella or good ipa for miles 	sadness
	i hate when the homeless dog commercials come on you have to change the channel 	sadness
	i will cry tears of if i don't get in + tears of  if i do!	sadness
	Really don't want to turn in all my football stuff tomorrow 	sadness
	Why are you sad? RT EmmMcCarty1915: -shakes head-	sadness
	my life is a mess what is wrong with me? 	sadness
	my tv said it started at 8 so i missed the first half of singing :( but they did a great job!	sadness
	I love my dog but I hate seeing him like thisI think we gotta put him down :'(	sadness
	Aww this weekend is gonna stink The TV died :( 	sadness
	I can't even really focus on my sewing and I'm always focused when I sew That's the kind of day this has turned into 	sadness
	Gah! Weird allergic reaction that closes my throat  makes it difficult to swallow appears to have been triggered by cheese 	sadness
	If u ladies were close I'd gladly share Unfortunately I'll be eating over 50% of that cake solo dolo 	sadness
	I so don't feel good :( 	sadness
	TT things like this --- shouldnt be tweeted by cute girls especially the pot smoking ones 	sadness
	shit i hit 1503 tweets just now i didnt even notice when i hit 1500 :( 	sadness
	Bus stop cigaret vending machines& even if you didn't smoke you are now 	sadness
	Also I was super close to buying a foosball table because it was such a good deal But I don't have anywhere to keep it 	sadness
	I was so determined not to lose the first Chapstick I ever bought I have failed 	sadness
	I feel physically sick after the way that ended   	sadness
	didnt notice you wanted to watch taylor swift dominate the AMA's more then you wanted to watch me slay dragons 	sadness
	Well My car is total wrecked Miss it already Pff 	sadness
	I'm really not looking forward to this five day weekend I can hardly make it a regular weekend without you 	sadness
	you hate too hard to love me 	sadness
	I miss all the summer nights when Keegan was here all the time!!! 	sadness
	Changed my twitter name because said people might find out were in love ( 	sadness
	 when your celebrity boyfriend has no idea that you even exist 	sadness
	I really dislike that its getting dark so early 	sadness
	I remember Mitzy dancing around my feet as I hallucinated vividly on some rather nice mushrooms I felt very entwined with her 	sadness
	im jealous i lost mine 	sadness
	Unfortunately uploading all those pics (approx 250) has exhausted my monthly cap! 	sadness
	Tears is just tears if its because of love But it'll be special tears if its because of un-Lucky girl ): 	sadness
	Watching the state football game We should be there playing whitehaven 	sadness
	Washington vs Toronto Tie game the last time I saw it My cousin betted against the leafs :( 	sadness
	Glad to have him back but is leaving already after 3 days 	sadness
	Disruptive is overused in startup business me having 1/5 of my usual bandwidth is  for real 	sadness
	When you wanna text a girl but there's no reply for days 	sadness
	I had a dream last night and its been the fifth time i had it and every time i have i loose sumeone close to me hope everyone ok	sadness
	It takes 2 know what  is noise 2 appreciate silence  absence 2 value presence~The Only Way Is Up 	sadness
	I ask Taylors brother if he can catch before I throw him his charger n then i throw it the complete wrong way  	sadness
	Why is my Christmas spirit so delayed this year? 	sadness
	-my phone is about to die my laptop is about to die 	sadness
	Don't let the of your  or the  of your Future  Ruin the  of your  	sadness
	:O I have unauthorized access to my Ave Maria College emials 	sadness
	there has been no snow This snow dance does not work :'( 	sadness
	What happen to society? People do the worst things just to see someone fall in pieces or even die How could you be so heartless ? 	sadness
	Everyone is saying how their full and ate too much I HAVEN'T GOTTEN ANY FOOD YET!!!!!! 	sadness
	WaitOnce Upon a Time isn't on this week?  	sadness
	my mom asked me if cole caught a deer this year mom you kill deer	sadness
	Of coursethe one weekend I have to spend writing an important paperthere's an ASU game andmore importantlyHarry Potter Weekend 	sadness
	We have to forget the word '' '' and remove it from our livesok?:)33 we have to be happy not sad!	sadness
	Recall on my Woodys drinks Gotta give away my stash 	sadness
	I wish I could stay up for the  tweetathon but I have work in the morning :( 	sadness
	haha I actually dont mind it so half sarcasm Playtime soon? End the 	sadness
	Woke up craving warm gooey chocolate chip cookies Alas there are none to be had  	sadness
	people who dont even watch or like college basketball wishing for duke to lose 	sadness
	I miss my college friends 	sadness
	ah! That would happen to you!! And can't believe you go home when we go back 	sadness
	Very sad segment on homeless families on 60 Minutes tonight 	sadness
	dude I saw you at west town on black Friday but you didn't wave 	sadness
	LOOOOL! RT funnyorfact: Remove all the vowels from 'female' and you're left with FML	sadness
	I think it was a hard jobs for my favourite team(portugal) to through a group stages 	sadness
	I thought the hashtag was Christmas Vacation and I was hoping a funny photo of Clark Griswold 	sadness
	its bad when you forget how to play guitar 	sadness
	I miss   and football season 	sadness
	andd I'm way excited! We should make new lovee bracelets since mine died 	sadness
	all i wanted for my birthday was to see your beautiful face 	sadness
	 RT: katjabecker: Joe Nathan left the Twins for the Texas Rangers  	sadness
	Um did I miss the eclipse? What the hey :( 	sadness
	Celebrating Christmas with tomorrow and probably the last time I will see her this year 	sadness
	Nail polishes hate me tonight 	sadness
	Almosy made the deans list I just missed it by 5 points 	sadness
	Just read some text messages from that day! 	sadness
	Missed Chuck tonight I feel like I might cry The final season of the greatest show in the world 	sadness
	made myself listen to the radio on my way home GARBAGE on every station	sadness
	Going To Depressingly Eat a Banana Because I Have Nothing To Do this Friday Night :(  	sadness
	I keep asking myself why I left school early 	sadness
	Just got back from my last history class until next semestre 	sadness
	I hate having good dreams and then waking up knowing that it's never going to happen! 	sadness
	School ended today and I'm leaving some wonderful friends tomorrow!  Headed to Istanbul at high noon	sadness
	forgot cause I had to apply to college finally 	sadness
	It is necessary for me to watch Elf right now too bad it got deleted off DVR 	sadness
	Chilli(: Last Time I Ate Chilli My Bestie Made It For Dinner3 	sadness
	Omg Star Parivar Awards take to a whole new levelComedy Circus Zindabad!	sadness
	Would be tweetn mah ass off but phone about to die {-_-}  No where near a out-let 	sadness
	how's life long time no talk  eat sushi i was looking threw my old tweets 2 u in history last year 	sadness
	how are you gonna get it from them? I shoulda had you keep my cd cover and have whoever stay sign it! 	sadness
	Bed time Oh wait I have a phone call 	sadness
	 Fortunately twitter and FB exist It's the best useful to get news from people who may have lost your phone number 	sadness
	Just saw a man in scrubs and no shoes in the rain walking past the crazy hospital 	sadness
	My birthday is next Sunday I'm only turning 20 so I still have to drink illegally 	sadness
	not got an advent calender for tomorrow :(	sadness
	I'm sorry 11 u was supposed to call me for HH with the whites but I said somthin to niggerish and I was axed 	sadness
	I think I'm becoming lactose intolerant Tummy been grumbling since pizza hut last night 	sadness
	in auto with and grt b frobe not the same without =[ i miss you buddy 	sadness
	If I can only get the damn thing to render 	sadness
	I'm so glad I wore fuzzy socks with my uggs today wish I had sweats on today though 	sadness
	I saw Team Rafia's GISHWHES notification from The Island and a part of me died   	sadness
	I don't know why I always have to bring up thoughts that make my heart hurt 	sadness
	In 12 hours ill be watching the season finale of  	sadness
	Chinese restaurant close so pizza it is then 	sadness
	:( but my friends will be there All the dentist is gonna do is nap me about evvvvvery fucking thing 	sadness
	I don't think there's anything worse than being sick on thanksgiving 	sadness
	university of Arkansas tight end Garret Uekman died today at the age of 19 my prayers and condolences to them  	sadness
	I'm probably the only girl who doesn't own a pillow pet :( 	sadness
	Very salty that didn't come over for dinner And let's not even mention his hair  	sadness
	Losing a match at the last second after you scored the 4-4 two minutes before 	sadness
	Tried drinking orange juice with a straw Got clogged with pulp 	sadness
	Last day as an official  student 	sadness
	Ahhh that's amazing!!!!!  I don't know any guys who can sing well one but he's not the greatest person :(	sadness
	its going to be soo sad when it finishes :/ i always hate the season final cause it means another 2 months to wait :( xx	sadness
	Back in Bombay and back to twitter already :( ended too soon 	sadness
	Pour info BAT FOR LASHES à déclare récemment n'être seulement qu'au premier stade d'écriture du nouvel album 	sadness
	I don't know what's more sad - that I asked my brother to drive me somewhere or that I'm 3 years older and don't even have a G1 	sadness
	Ugh Can't believe it's bac to school work 	sadness
	Ei tuleggimi da qui se vuoi Su fb ti ho oscurato Non mi va che pensino che io sia 	sadness
	im still majorly depressed that i have lost my maths booki sound like a right boff but i cant find it any where 	sadness
	Had a great time walking with the kids in the light parade but I think the cold wet route made me sick 	sadness
	The movie click is old but one of my favs the ending when he dies makes me tear up 	sadness
	Twerk Team? Oh okanother strip club anthem for the youth! 	sadness
	About to watch the last episode of arrested development with 	sadness
	Brb crying RT Davidsanbornn: Cleaning out the house for the move  	sadness
	Did you leave without telling me goodbye??? :( 	sadness
	Kitty slept in her crate last night I didn't like it 	sadness
	Omg work is gonna kick my ass 2day 3-11 smh 	sadness
	yeah I am starting to realise that my hoodies don't suffice :( marks a sad day! 	sadness
	Starving and no one is cooking ?? I'm so confused  	sadness
	KimKardaeshian: lovely I follow everyone u ask us too and still no follow from you  	sadness
	We gather strength from and from pain Each time we die we learn to live again	sadness
	Yea I doubt you could come to New York too many anti-gun laws!!!!!! 	sadness
	army mania haircut και μια μέρα ακόμη σαν πολίτης 	sadness
	dont too much to hope  it will make you too much to hurt should i say it to you my idol ? 	sadness
	And one violent emotional breakdown later looks like it's back to the studying I feel like such an angsty teenager  	sadness
	My boyfriend left me for Germany today I won't see him for 2 months  	sadness
	it was too long! 140 characters puts a damper on my life 	sadness
	And the moral of the story is never trust a minivan's reliability on Black Friday Or any day  	sadness
	Now somewhere there is a starving cat Now you know how a food thief feels   	sadness
	love being the only college student home in Greenwood  	sadness
	Sudden realisation that I leave school in 5 months What happened to time? 	sadness
	I wish this four day weekend lasted forever Back to work in about 17 hours 	sadness
	Doc is determined to win this year knowing this most likely will be it for big 3 era 	sadness
	Deliquentes no rioq-tip em sampae eu sem grana em bhfeelings	sadness
	Unasked-for update: I have ordered new glasses and they will be ready in 1-2 weeks Until then just call me Blind-y 	sadness
	I'm sad now I wanted to see Justin on stage so bad :( 	sadness
	I loved my hair today till I messed it up a few minutes ago _ 	sadness
	I was hoping for a Thanksgiving miracle of no Gary  Verne Alas my dreams are crushed 	sadness
	That sad moment when i don't know that she lied to me :( 	sadness
	finally found hummus here and it tastes like shit 	sadness
	The first night in a long time that I won't get snuggled  	sadness
	Bye SC :/ back to the cold lonely mountains I go! 	sadness
	It's only fitting that the Class of 2011 possibly goes out like this Full of promise and doesn't live up to anything 	sadness
	bby give me back my name plate :( 	sadness
	simula nong sumaBak ako sa mundo ng twitter hnd pa ako nkktanggap ng kht isang HI mula sau :(	sadness
	Considering trying to give away Boston Joe tickets Any interest? Waaaa! 	sadness
	Crazy smh RT RatherHaveJesus: Some really think that Chris Brown is God   	sadness
	Missing my roomie kendallkraus my room seems empty!    	sadness
	I swear almost all of my guy friends are bad things!!! 	sadness
	Home no School for me although  are missing me ! !	sadness
	i wanna make sure everyone knows that is the one trying to post his  on is anyone up Josh  needs to get laid bad 	sadness
	I forgot to text back but i thought that she didnt text me back 	sadness
	You left?? Are you gonna be back around Christmas cause I may have a birthday party	sadness
	hey & always remember his promise to give me something which i wanted in ninth grade & 	sadness
	Pret a manger and the off license opposite take so much of my money 	sadness
	Woo  when you get the malteaser out the box :) but when you realise you have none left :/	sadness
	you need to hurry up and come home! I'm craving me some cheese dip! :( 	sadness
	Theres things that we all arent proud of but we live through and get past themonly to obviously have thrown in our face later 	sadness
	8 people ask for my number 1 person texts me for 3 minutes  	sadness
	It honestly doesnt even feel like thanksgiving  Losing intrest in the holidays  	sadness
	It's been 2 years since my dad died :/ love you dad :/	sadness
	my kleenex are ready gotta go to bed with my laptop to do some good and well deserved creys bye y'all 	sadness
	Sosick Loosing les voice 	sadness
	Wishing I could reach out to check on the small boy!! 	sadness
	'parlare chiaro' è la new mission impossible 	sadness
	Made it to Maryland! But wake and bake plans fell through 	sadness
	I cant find my remote and i dont wanna watch this channel :( 	sadness
	my phone it is on a small vacation 	sadness
	Wondering how many Westboro nutjobs will make it to SU game? 	sadness
	and that is why paediatric nursing/ physio/ medicine is a discipline where you need a wealth of heart and courage 	sadness
	Me Too! Josh leaves for basic training in march:( 	sadness
	*gets on knees  prays for u to be blessed* RT BeyonceGonDie: I've never been awaken with a penis in my mouth	sadness
	2uomini su 10ritengono completa la propria giornata solo se si sono masturbati -- Glamour ma che sondaggi fai?! 	sadness
	Dear why are you not showing me my contacts even after Ive cleared my cache an restarted!  	sadness
	I wish I could watching tear it up at the wearhouse right now But can't do shows on school nights  	sadness
	Okay Last latE nyT!! Hmph! Damn u ThiShY!! LifE nOw staRtZ YikeS 	sadness
	i hate seeing people cry makes me wanna cry 	sadness
	My roommates are making me feel bad for not participating in their Secret Santa :(  	sadness
	I haven't been able to eat a slushie since you've left 	sadness
	Breaks pretty much over already Just a normal weekend 	sadness
	I get all excited by these food advertisements then I remember I'm giving up meat 	sadness
	So today's chances of early dismissal were looking great this morning but they are not anymore   	sadness
	it's just a shame you don't realise how much the system drains you  	sadness
	QUEEEE?? Chin! No lo recordaba hagamos falta colectiva como en la escuela ☺	sadness
	I miss u more that a fat kid on a diet misses food 	sadness
	What do I want for Christmas? Hmmm I want justinbieber!!! But I'd settle for a new computer since that's nearly impossible :( 	sadness
	just look for the girl with the broken smile 	sadness
	I just want to stay in bed all day 	sadness
	On my new laptop! But my parents are taking it away until Christmas in a few ): -Summer	sadness
	came home today and was sad to see that you really werent here! :/ 	sadness
	Isa pa naman c MARK sa pinaka magaling sa  sayang naman ang gwapo pa naman ni Mark 	sadness
	Praying for a family that is very near and dear to my heart! Their little baby was just born 3 months premature 	sadness
	Would like to do something good on a Friday night 	sadness
	haven't been so discouraged and broken in awhile 	sadness
	Llore pero de risa Marjorie_rigaud: mi hermana no confia en mi yo tanto q la quiero pero 	sadness
	I WISH Not taking Driver's Ed til summer :(	sadness
	Dad said I can't go to the gym because I'm sick 	sadness
	the depressing moment when you lost a follower	sadness
	Fell asleep at literally 6 o'clock yesterday 14 hours of sleep  wasted my Saturday night  missed 	sadness
	ive just been sat listening to  sheeran for the past hour its bordering on 	sadness
	Is the AIDS quilt project still touring? Helped out years ago in WPB  	sadness
	I'm goodest thnks I'm in gauteng at the moment Only getting bk nxt week for missing  U doing well?	sadness
	The moment when you realize she stopped loving you 	sadness
	Hmmmm really wanted to see the basketball games today but don't have a way to DSU 	sadness
	My racing thoughts are keeping me awake =[ 	sadness
	hey chicka i don't think im going to be able to make it to the church thinging :( moms sick can't find my phone 	sadness
	I honestly spent wayyy too much money Im such an impulse buyer	sadness
	Today I wrote a to-do list and the ooonly thing that gone donewas the actual writing of the to do list!  	sadness
	lol can people people stop with the Arashi's FNS mic situation ok we get the point anyways I still can't find TMR's perfs 	sadness
	Spent entire 3 hour class watching skate vids then forget its raining outside 	sadness
	Yeah nice punt 	sadness
	bah I didn't know that someone has to be logged into the server within 9 chunks of crops in order for them to grow 	sadness
	Not playing Skyward Sword today 	sadness
	I saw you driving past our grandmothers house lol I was waving but you looked so depressed 	sadness
	now how am I going to waste away my time at work without OpTic videos?! 	sadness
	I don't know but i feel depressed 	sadness
	Soooooo one of Famu's drum majors died after his performance yesterday 	sadness
	Is it not that unclear phone version BeatbyButta: I have it! RT JoeyClown: Mission impossible: ghost protocol	sadness
	The sad feeling you get when you know someone you like will be leaving  	sadness
	How sad that  will be phased out Such an esteemed German brand with heritage! 	sadness
	DUDE I AM ON IT LIKE HOT SAUCE ON WINGS 	sadness
	IM GUH IMMA BE BROKE FOR BLACK FRIDAY 	sadness
	You're going to see someone's heart broken live tonight  	sadness
	i need to stop looking at pug and beagle pictures it remind me too much of my old puggle Rocky /3 	sadness
	A beautiful day for my doggie to go to heaven :) 	sadness
	Not ready to go back to school now especially now that my little bro is sick 	sadness
	Tomorrow is the first time since 2006 I don't get to attend Test of Manhoodand in its place I get to take a 5-hour LSAT  	sadness
	I'm not in the Christmas spirit at all scene as we're living with two people who curse the fuck if you mention it 	sadness
	i wanna go get water in bapst basement but i'm too lazy to get up on my two feet! lazybum	sadness
	afrolicious: nigeria passed the anti-gay bill and so it's begun 	sadness
	One of these days we'll tire of taking digs at  InsaneSibal and others But they won't ever tire of stupidity 	sadness
	Cant listen to party rock without missing my kd buddies! 	sadness
	Now I kno why I don't like home it hurts too much to remember /3  	sadness
	RICOakaBaBy: Jus leaving work 9:59:16 PM  	sadness
	Long day and i still have another class! 	sadness
	RIP Dev Anand Sir! Bollywood has lost his evergreen actor! A legacy ends 	sadness
	You're welcome to join Anyone is Going alone may make me even more upset 	sadness
	Why do the weeks off work go by sooooo quickly?! I am making the most of tomorrow!!  	sadness
	Reading old messages and realizing how much you actually miss that one person 	sadness
	That moment when you want that one person to text you back and you get a message and its someone else 	sadness
	you just made me tear up in class 	sadness
	My hair almost got stuck in the door this morning :( time for a hair cut maybe? 	sadness
	ah thanks lady! but unfortunately i already have my homework command station set up here 	sadness
	pissed off was looking 4ward to buying kate Bushs new album even had it pre-ordered had to cancel cos the other 1/2 needs the £ 	sadness
	Missing my love command the stage 	sadness
	awe yeah!!  we lost today! 	sadness
	Remembering the moment when i started twitter and said how the fuck do i get in lists?!?!? and i still think that till this day 	sadness
	I don't understand what to even do anymore Good mood gone bad 	sadness
	Dinner was pretty good roommates cool and still got to run without my gym partner Scott2008Z06	sadness
	My family insists on getting food they know I can't eat 	sadness
	Will be the one home game I'll miss this season  Thanksgiving in DCThey need to reschedule that game! 	sadness
	what the heck?!?! Not ok! How did she get a broken shoulder??? How did they not notice at the hospital?& 	sadness
	My godsister and called me weird because I said that is an emotion I experience very RARELY	sadness
	you betterill try and forgive you not being here for my big 21	sadness
	Aahhhhh  That's too bad :(  xd wish i could meet btr but I live in STUPID HOLLAND xd and they never come there :'( xd	sadness
	got about 4 hours of sleep last night now we are out of coffee :(  	sadness
	Working on the first day back is not fun to look forward too 	sadness
	was going to do another youtube video but i'm depressed so i'm just going to sit and cry on my bed 	sadness
	muhh *gives up* takde ke gentlemen yang suave suave around that I can plus-onekan 	sadness
	although the people were nice i wish we didn't have to have a hug line at the visitation  = 	sadness
	So big Sean fell off stage performing son still go hard tho ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS!!	sadness
	if lack of  is persistent in ur life Follow me i mainly  many ppl with  and so stay tuned :) xo	sadness
	I want to go see breaking dawn but EVERYONE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD has already seen it 	sadness
	Ugh missed the America horror story 	sadness
	Le Web11 est fini pour moi Superbe expérience merci beaucoup et toute l'équipe du ! 	sadness
	I swear Chat hates me today :-/ 	sadness
	One of em constsntly callin me private and shit and the other one internet gangster 	sadness
	why is my man Peter Gabriel trending? OMG I missed a performance? 	sadness
	putting up christmas stuff would mean more to me if I knew Mimzy was coming 	sadness
	Yes chicken Grandpa no like turkey 	sadness
	 lets hear it  sleep with josh someone let's hear it  	sadness
	sad newsour giant ice cream cone is gone!  	sadness
	head hurts kind lonely too much work to do so tired 	sadness
	My dad just asked me if the Nutcracker was an actual story I was raised by this man 	sadness
	Forgot to get the fresh fruit torte from wuollet's for Thanksgiving 	sadness
	Last day at museum school 	sadness
	I had to retire the picture of Michael Emerson doing that weird amazing expression 	sadness
	i just realized this is my last weekend in boston for this semester and i'm spending all of it in the library :'( 	sadness
	Alone in a white van eating a mars bar 	sadness
	good name make someone  josh or he needs it soo bad	sadness
	I can't think of a single thing I really want for Christmas	sadness
	I've tried to sign in back my Myspace account for many times Unfortunately it is not working 	sadness
	My roomie took my favorite necklace last night and hid it now I can't find it 	sadness
	Well you are lucky I guess    blah blah blah :S	sadness
	not getting an advent calendar because you're a deprived child 	sadness
	no phone network at all You can't call or text me Whatsapp only works at home 	sadness
	We didn't participate in follow friday yesterday 	sadness
	The worst thing is to know someone who's depressed and is beyond the point of being cheered up 	sadness
	Don't believe in everything that people say to you it just leads to  	sadness
	My hat is MIA I don't think ive ever been more upset about an article of clothing I loved that hat :'( 	sadness
	now that you have a twitter i think you should jump aboard the  train this way we can end fanzoid321's 	sadness
	Awww I'm hearing a song that reminds me of a friendbut I'm not currently speaking with himugh :( 	sadness
	really bad all across the screen :( you will see tomorrow 	sadness
	Yes I might be cutting my hair Who else wants to threaten me that they aren't going to talk to me ever again if i do? 	sadness
	is this really how im spending my first night of Thanksgiving Break?   	sadness
	when i tweet i often think this is so retweet worthy i hope it gets retweeted! but that hardly ever happens 	sadness
	that OUCH moment when u found out he already have someone special	sadness
	For some reason I just walked into my room and thought it was Christmas eve ☹ 	sadness
	i'm at the family location quite frequently You are either working or your Dad doesn't bring you 	sadness
	I didn even have time to tweet todaii  I fluckin love tweeting  	sadness
	That sad moment where you've gone from being tired to starting to text someone and can't sleep anymore 	sadness
	Long ass day 	sadness
	Ppl r talkin shit on selena so now im sad and mk and kelly r sad cuz they got in trouble Were all sad 	sadness
	I hope some people are happy with there lives They really arnt going far :/ 	sadness
	paris is a dream land!must be cold thereits almost mid of november AND ITS SO NOT COLD HERE! weather is still the same :-( 	sadness
	RIP Twinkie You were a wonderful pet rat 	sadness
	So it looks like will miss Poland this time Such a sad story 	sadness
	I want to write my book I'm not a good writer though I have all these ideas but can only illustrate them 	sadness
	I didn't buy a SINGLE THING on black Friday what a fucking fail at a holiday It's like the superbowl for females 	sadness
	Strawberry millions are the best thin evaa! 	sadness
	I wish u came to our school and told that to our boys! they don't even say hi to us in the morning :( 	sadness
	True story: I have never seen Ohio State beat Michigan I am like a curse on all sports franchises 	sadness
	My heart is tired of being hurt all the time 	sadness
	The album isnt out in my country yet guess im not gonna get my day made by a follow RT guess its not my lucky day 	sadness
	It hasn't eeven been a whole day since the end of Marching Seasonand I already miss it	sadness
	The only reason I check my email at school is to see if there is free food anywhere 	sadness
	Not mad at all More Furious then mad! Get back here and say Bye Now! 	sadness
	chez les cousins!!!!! Last night Snif 	sadness
	You two think alike! But I don't want to eat it plain 	sadness
	I don't like days of remembrance It should have been a weekend of 50th celebrations but it's very different  	sadness
	KILL ME Why haven't I learned not to read things about books I haven't finished on the internet?   	sadness
	Just sent my dad a novel about why I need a car for the winter and all he sent back was lol :/ 	sadness
	I want to take the boyfriend to Japan as a Graduation gift next year Sadly he'd rather go Vietnam w/ the boys :( 	sadness
	Lmaooo this lady getting cheesed cause the man is crying 	sadness
	This  Is Composed of Two  a Tear of And a Tear of By: Miss_FF_90	sadness
	My happiness has left the building 	sadness
	Watching National Guard unit's homecomingwhy can't they bring the boys in Afghanistan home?!! 	sadness
	Vorrei tanto parlargli ora che è online ma tanto so che gli do solo fastidio TT qualcuno mi dia qualche consiglioooooo! 	sadness
	Track season started and I'm not working with the team this year 	sadness
	I have been trying to tell my mom about what goes on during my days but she just won't listen 	sadness
	Thank you street map for showing me my absolute FAVORITE burrito spot in Long Beach is now a Thai place 	sadness
	Sometimes the worst things can be the best things that ever happened to me   	sadness
	I miss my personal trainer tho She was the best Need a new one!	sadness
	My eyes are weary my heart is brokenhow to mending both? If sleeping could healsi would rather to sleep forever	sadness
	Why always day is turning off in that  :(:(:SS :'(	sadness
	I walked more today and yesterday than all the days of this month combined  	sadness
	In the past two years Oregon has 83 TD drives less than 2 minutes long Ohio State has 93 offensive touchdowns in that same span 	sadness
	 my father but he already passed away 10years ago 	sadness
	First a friend with terminal brain cancer now another friend has suffered a major stroke and is unlikely to recover 	sadness
	Silently dying while Twitter explodes with posts of and  	sadness
	I haven't listened to Take Care all day 	sadness
	It was like hey these are the people you are missing out on and I dont see them 	sadness
	I love how my Elementary school homemade Christmas ornaments aren't good enough for our tree this year 	sadness
	It's the love of my life and my best friend 's birthday and I'm 2786 I'm away 	sadness
	Dead!!! RT 1st_ClassAct: My grandmother won't let me step foot in the kitchen 	sadness
	not ready to leave home yet 	sadness
	Every time I watch TopGun I get so depressed when Goose dies You can't have a Maverick without the Goose man!! 	sadness
	Studying so angry mum threw away all my Arthurian papers!!!!!! =[	sadness
	Biz Marke has fallen so low 	sadness
	working all night lone mainly my fault but can't say it doesn't annoy me 	sadness
	These shootings are terrible One of my team members this week was on the 1st floor during the va tech shootings  knew 13 victims 	sadness
	needs laid real bad like reeaaal bad n its like 35 tweets now he's my buddy and he is 	sadness
	your kampung at Klang actually btw i just bought new earphone RED BLACK rm15 dok sempat nk jejak kaki ke USS pong! 	sadness
	on Mary Mary is a real fucking moo moo man	sadness
	I hate it when you start to have feelings for a girl and then another guy takes her 	sadness
	L'ultima speranza di veder rinsavire era questa data Che triste conferma Togliere la parola prescindere dal vocabolario 	sadness
	you know i haven't had  all christmas season 	sadness
	6 hours of tuition today 	sadness
	Just learned my SIL's grandmother died yesterday She was 103 	sadness
	Oooo just been offered a brand new laptop with zero cost! Shame it's spam :( 	sadness
	You know you have no life when you have 3 tabs open and they are Twitter Facebook and Tumblr 	sadness
	god i just love that post        bullying	sadness
	Parce qu'on m'a dit qu'un 3ème bras me pousserait et qu'aucun ami/parent ne viendrait me voir je repousse mon voyage au Japon 	sadness
	The Kooks are performing tonight at the Henry Fonda Theatre and I'm here and not there 	sadness
	One kill away from an ac130 I die then get fuckin spawnkilled by my teammates care package 	sadness
	Last day of mentoring at the middle school this semester has flown by	sadness
	oh new tweetdeck upon first day of use i'm feeling you're not as nice as old tweetdeck 	sadness
	when the only people who  on twitter are your gf her best friend and a little man 	sadness
	Watching Christmas movies and wondering what it would be like to be one of those people who spend Christmas alone 	sadness
	Thank goodness for The Hunger Games to save me from boredom since there's no glee tonight 	sadness
	ii seen ah dude take ah piic wiit $3 	sadness
	& one tortoise watch while two other tortoises got it on is the closest I ever got to a threesome 	sadness
	Who is sad about and going home I am I love you guys:))) good luck in the future from FANZ in NZ!	sadness
	yeah and i dont end up even startign the book and sit here tweeting life stories 	sadness
	A bachelorette party came in to The Local with a cheesehead with a veil attached 	sadness
	72 mancano solo 6 mesi alla prossima estate YAAAAY questo significa che mancano solo 6 mesi al mio esame 	sadness
	 by the Bee Gees is an epic of  lovely (false) nostalgiaFour Stars	sadness
	I would live to but I work again tonight 	sadness
	Man has created almost all of the things that threaten his survival  steal his joy  peace 	sadness
	Went to Petco saw a kitty she was perfect and beautiful feel in love with her didn't get her Worst day of my life 	sadness
	Well Both are fine I'm not though Khenso and I stayed up all night last night waiting for you to call 	sadness
	At the hospital with my great grandmother 	sadness
	not wanting to unplug my Christmas lights but needing complete darkness in order to sleep 	sadness
	Back to reality in the morning 	sadness
	here I am at work on pizza sunday There's no pizza 	sadness
	Cute Ryan Reynolds look a like hasn't been in class the pass few days 	sadness
	i should really get rid of my phone All it does is bring misery 	sadness
	my first and favorite class of college is over BUT Im so happy I'm a comm major because that hopefully means i'll see again!	sadness
	That boy Albreezy is drunk as fuck right now ROTFLMBAO	sadness
	just finished choir ! My teacher has no voice D: ! 	sadness
	When fun things are happening the day you have to study for your final :( 	sadness
	Lost dig seen on cedar st btw myrtle and evergreen Beige beagle/lab-ish looking ADORABLE dude   	sadness
	Today I watched a man commit suicide 	sadness
	I feel some kinda way about you iggin my nostalgia tweet :(	sadness
	I'm just the funny white boy that can shoot and sits the bench! 	sadness
	Last night in Manila - flying back home tomorrow 	sadness
	Bad as it is v can't chng t n d present system da  s n d blood f evry politician out ter 	sadness
	El soundtrack de mi vida: Sangre Azul - No puedo estat sin ti 	sadness
	My new dryer is being delivered today this is the most excitement I had in years 	sadness
	Finally gave in - put put all the flip flops away and moved the winter clothes to the front of the closet Must not weep 	sadness
	question of the century why does McDonalds stop making breakfast at 10:30AM 	sadness
	my ex is a fucking coward  but i still love him     	sadness
	Please god let my dog be quiet in her kennel otherwise she had to have a new home 	sadness
	So jealous of the kids seeing tonight alive tmmrrw 	sadness
	flat tire on my car 	sadness
	Friends just wants to make me cry all the time 	sadness
	just ate my last cookie from momofuku milk bar 	sadness
	is being there alllllll weekend long Should just bring a pillow 	sadness
	Michael Jackson Night - The eternal king of POP! )-: May he rest in peace a  	sadness
	Going to sleep so good tonight I could use a cuddle buddy Any takers?  	sadness
	Oh god I just got a papercut and now I'm afraid to stretch my hand in any way that could make it worse 	sadness
	hahahaha! why not get the Note? Look its not as advanced as the 5110 but it seems pretty cool But no Snake 	sadness
	I hate working in the winter The shop's always really cold 	sadness
	exactly! Crack a smile to cover up the cracks on our lonely hearts 	sadness
	If the Sabres lose tonight this will mark one of the Top Ten Worst weeks in Buffalo Sports History 	sadness
	Crazy STUPID love  	sadness
	 I'm not at the Two Door Cinema Club concert at the Midland right now Damn sold out 2 months ago box-office  	sadness
	 missed school today didn't get missed band class and choir :(	sadness
	I wish I could sing like a Disney princess Belle Ariel Cinderella - they had PIPES! 	sadness
	'I shouldn't treat you badly I'm a dick' - why act like one then? headphones in and ignore the world 	sadness
	This lady on the bus is wearing a bright yellow jacket and matching headphones but too many people are between us to get a picture 	sadness
	That depressing moment when you realize that today is in fact not Thursday 	sadness
	I want to know how love actually feels like :/ so lonely and hopeless these days  & will my life shift gears? 	sadness
	Despite the media's attempts to drive him out Hillis is the  most talented player on offence Enjoy him for 4 more games 	sadness
	you're not coming to Italy for a live concert are you? 	sadness
	clear your head by escaping the nonsensical interpretations return to life and live the day again   	sadness
	If I'm lucky I remember to trim my ends once a year 	sadness
	boom badum boom boom badum boom bass haha :'(((((	sadness
	Haven't had my phone all day 	sadness
	Hey Erica! Let see ur tweets!Can only see u when I flip over to here  	sadness
	Forever stomach pains 	sadness
	Shattered the screen on my beloved phone ?	sadness
	dang why do people keep shooting eachother at Virginia Tech 	sadness
	odeio ouvir um disco legalprocurar um lugar pra baixa-lo e não encontrar!!!! =S ( )	sadness
	Ijust realized wen I donate mi hair ima look like mi brother from thee nek up -__- lol	sadness
	i cry every night cuz u dont follow back :(	sadness
	I just realized that Harry Browne the 1st person I voted for in a Presidential race died back in '06 	sadness
	I won't be able to see you guys on tour ): might go see the digitour but it seems less fun without you guys	sadness
	was it your brother!? =P I miss him playing hockey 	sadness
	Just call me angel of the morning angel 	sadness
	I feel bad for the people who paid money to see the Iron Bowl It's nothing but a blood bath now 	sadness
	Being stuck because your crying so much you can't see to drive is not fun 	sadness
	I will be back in atlanta in 3 weeks RT HeatherHebb: drove by your old place today! 	sadness
	ciaoo 3 yes adesso sono appena partita da Mestretra poco meno di due ore sono a Trieste spero ^__^ come va con te?	sadness
	Wake up at 430 for work and I couldn't even see the eclipse Now eating my feelings away with del hahaha 	sadness
	if she's a bird he's a bird  I want a bird 	sadness
	Why wont twitter let me change my background :( 	sadness
	i hope will read my DM kh8 no reply naMbasa lng tlga :((((( WISHKOLANG MASTERRRRR! Please 	sadness
	club penguin freezes my computer 	sadness
	Today has been so boring I didnt get to go to the mall I didnt get to see breaking dawn I didnt get to see my friends 	sadness
	lol!!! I got one right now and I hate that ish!!! I just hate the concept Lol 	sadness
	Cant believe i wasted my time on this game shoulda been asleep 	sadness
	I just remembered i need to cancel my hair appt bc i spent my money on other things	sadness
	Wished I had learned to play steel pan as a kid 	sadness
	Con questo gelo prenderei una bella amica e me ne andrei in giro a fare shopping con tanto di pausa bar al calduccioa gustare♥ 	sadness
	Forgive and forget gets the best of me I care about people wayy to much	sadness
	Wishes her bbffl would text her back 	sadness
	ever wish you could go back a few years  and do it all differently 	sadness
	Went looking for it / because I knew it to be true / regret finding it   	sadness
	I remember when i used to spend my whole day with my best friend but now she'd rarely talk to me : / 	sadness
	if this was approx 1 year ago I bet u would be beside me right meow along with 	sadness
	last full day in europe 	sadness
	did anyone else NOT go black friday shopping? 	sadness
	Had to leave my friends for my theatre class 	sadness
	Staying up too late to watch the Half Blood Prince Dumbledore is dead  	sadness
	J'veux pas quitter mon lit :(  	sadness
	soall I could find was that AJ Cook was fired bc the producers felt her character expendable 	sadness
	That sad moment when you realize that you haven't seen your cousin in forever:(((((((   gone:((	sadness
	really?! a Christmas version of the homeless/dying dogs commercial?! hahaha 	sadness
	Why must you go to sleep early? I wait all day to talk to you 	sadness
	My eyesight is getting worse I need my glasses to watch tv!!! Ugh 	sadness
	alright So I am officially done with my Viva La Juicy Sample  but I am going to ask for the full size for my 15th birthday!(:	sadness
	If this feeling is a precursor to the next month… well I just gotta keep my head up 	sadness
	What's wrong with the world momma  people livin like they ain't got no momma's 	sadness
	Sorry I've disappeared from the twitter sphere I've been too busy to tweet   	sadness
	god just saw a sad animal commercial 	sadness
	After all this drama and shiiit I now want to fight someone so badddd -____- Nut eryybody always backs down 	sadness
	After reading twitter posts I'm starting to sadly realize that hos can't be honest with their own ho activities 	sadness
	I didnt get any blue mms in my pack 	sadness
	My rose is not in PLC This is how next semester will feel 	sadness
	I'm gonna miss  ): Back to school tomorrow 	sadness
	Oh dear! The downtown  Quizno's has an Out of Business sign on its door 	sadness
	the hook of the door keeps hooking onto my lace shorts it is ripping the lace 	sadness
	lost 2 followers today Maybe it was me saying I was hungry	sadness
	I wish I saw Terror one of the past two days!! 	sadness
	hush! I wish :( so jealous you get to see I could cry 	sadness
	Who knew hanging Christmas lights outside could be so time consuming and exhausting? I'm not even finished yet 	sadness
	The only bad part about this day is that I broke a string 	sadness
	The wifi at school better work or im  for twitter during the day 	sadness
	Would love to have best friend time but oh wait! is still in nompton and is in Florida Cool story bro 	sadness
	No Black Friday madness for me this year 	sadness
	I really wanna go to  in Feb/Mar in San Diego next year but I don't really see any way to afford it… 	sadness
	When someone falls asleep texting you then never responds the next day 	sadness
	Getting sick during the night while having a beautiful sleep sucks ass!!! 	sadness
	I have study hall first period And it's the only one today :( 	sadness
	Its sad when you see a great person mad esp one with a great heart :( hope he smiles end of tonight	sadness
	:( sad face Missing my bestest friends in the world I need you guys  	sadness
	We are clearly not gonna find a cupcake shop in the East are we? 	sadness
	Now for an exciting night of paper writing! 	sadness
	I used to be so much more clever and witty Now I am crabby and boring 	sadness
	I can't believe dis man just kickeddis woman in her mouth wow bruh 	sadness
	I miss you so freaking much! :'( & it's your turn to talk to me 	sadness
	Tomorrow is going to be a long day 	sadness
	bboying by myself on my spare got 3 head spin drills into a baby yeah it's not happening ever again 	sadness
	Not being able to distinguish a dream from reality 	sadness
	So confused Cant wait for Thanksgiving why do we have to go to school tomorrow!!!  Tweet	sadness
	God miss high school football 	sadness
	So much love for the psychosocial video Love to see them live but seeing Clown live would probably kill me :/ 	sadness
	You walk away Everyday it will rain	sadness
	Its hard to be separated from the one you really love! Even for a min!	sadness
	Last night kinda made me miss high school 	sadness
	4 years of studying (+) Board exam = Either Low Salary or Volunteer just to practice your profession _ 	sadness
	Cette fille était vraiment à mon goût mais ce n'était pas possible de son côté 	sadness
	I'm so in need of liquor in my home My apt has never been this dry 	sadness
	Ohh! A horsey hore! In the middle of no where hahah hills! Sand! Im on Saltillo Coahuila yippiie! And just got my laser cirgury 	sadness
	ummm of course its about you! I haven't seen your smile in a long time tho :( 	sadness
	I remember when Lupe would rap for the length that I just heard and the world would be unearthed when he was through 	sadness
	That moment when your heart feels like its being stabbed over and over again and its hard to swallow 	sadness
	Not again!! RT cljungling: Oh dear! The downtown  Quizno's has an Out of Business sign on its door 	sadness
	Finally Mockingjay has arrived! Bad timing must do finals work 	sadness
	Twitter please stop rubbing it in that you watched  last nght however fell asleep befor it started and now i am in a state of 	sadness
	has had a great day Doesn't want jiggs to leave for work 	sadness
	wow i tweeted that a week ago and youre just now seeing it 	sadness
	I've just seen/reviewed some crazy shit done in ASPNET MVC 	sadness
	Oh noes I posted the aqua twice on my instagram! Am I a bad person now? :( Then again classics need more display!	sadness
	It sucks I can't sing in the shower at school 	sadness
	you had me until the validation link for my email instantly expired and I could not attempt to try your software 	sadness
	home with the babbis but can't hold the 7 month old coz he has flu 	sadness
	Goin to the mall with my cousin cause the mother of won't take her :C  	sadness
	I am happy its warm outside not happy that I have a flat tire on my bike	sadness
	sigh just kidding on the previous tweet 1 down 3 to go 	sadness
	Solis and her IMAGINARY FATTY (PREMO VOICE)	sadness
	  Being sick! :-( and Monday Both of which are inevitable tomorrow 	sadness
	I just realized the eggnog I bought has high fructose corn syrup in it  	sadness
	So on the one night  I decide to get our social lives back on track it decides to rain 	sadness
	Spent $66 on 3 books already how bout I send you $10 and get the last 3?  This deal makes me sad!  	sadness
	Apparently my english teacher his frnds watch kids movie sing along once a week to remind them of there childhood  	sadness
	Already time to go back to school tomorrow where did the break go?!? 	sadness
	 more days in Sydney then im NewZealand bound Last trip before study mode next  	sadness
	If you want to be  KISS Keep It Simple Stupid tags:       	sadness
	Its like somebody is trying to make me cry tonight! So much  	sadness
	5 hour choir practice? No but really?  	sadness
	Officially a youth graduate 	sadness
	they say between Robinson  Brown is a good ole fashion hoedown  girls fuckin and suckin and asking for nothing  	sadness
	anybody wanna invite me to their thanksgiving dinner? my family is gonna be gone and ima be all alone lol 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you get into a stranger's van and there isn't any candy  	sadness
	I just need four eggs! I guess there won't be any crepes today 	sadness
	Bye Bye Albert :( Cadinals still 	sadness
	flow like a fountain josh climbing a mountain a mountain of dryspell his everyday is a hell of  checkit	sadness
	Sad BSNL Internet out for more than half a day Company now using Docomo 2G Internet :) 	sadness
	So many things running through my head   	sadness
	haha I just found my wreck this journal this past weekend and was going to ask you about it xD I haven't had time 	sadness
	Tryinh to eat lettuce but I& my tongue :( 	sadness
	ngayon pala showing nung movie ni at na  ☺ di nga lang ako makkanood bukas pa! 	sadness
	Gasp! Someone mentioned me in a tweet?! Nope just spam 	sadness
	How the hella do we lose Riley and Arlo White in the same day 	sadness
	Fans when Tiger is losing: Good! He's a scumbag! Fans when Tiger is winning: Ooooh I love a winner All is forgiven!!! 	sadness
	Watching  last week episode online I will miss Amber Andy is still  	sadness
	Girls nowadays learned to whore out at a young age  Ain't got no self worth 	sadness
	I wish I had the motivation to do my homework but I just don't   	sadness
	im very sad because we had that hilarious lunch at joeys but now its gone :'(  	sadness
	GingerProblems: Sticks and stones may break my bones but sunburns will seriously no for real they'll kill me  	sadness
	Jurassic Park: The Game I don't know what you are exactly but a game is definitely not it 	sadness
	U miss How I loved you How I spoil you How I slow stroked you But u know what   	sadness
	I didn't get to think in English today and I was too busy doodling in Welsh to think 	sadness
	Don't know as if I remember the last time we went to the cabin for Thanksgiving without any snow	sadness
	Its so cold in my room tonight 	sadness
	Just scored the last batch of chicken tenders ever from Beauregards on Airport 	sadness
	if only the mind gets sharper as fatigue sets in 	sadness
	FML rewriting Maths on Monday Not good at Maths  and 	sadness
	That 90% sobered up phase where you dunno whether to eat or sleep 	sadness
	2    = make pleasant wonderful  right now!     	sadness
	Sunday nights are the worse I hate school 	sadness
	Oh by the way can you guess a terrible news?! Super 8 comes here on 14th december! :((  Is unfair!! :(	sadness
	cup! Y U no red??? It's still the holiday season   	sadness
	My grandmother won't let me step foot in the kitchen 	sadness
	Thanksgiving soon to bad I can't enjoy it 	sadness
	:c RT dope_ass_pepe: Its weird how I tweet but yet I've never talked to her at school? Oo 	sadness
	YouTube claims your new Dragon Roost Island video ft Veela is a private video Yet it was emailed :( 	sadness
	leaving camp today 	sadness
	I am almost scared to go to 4th period Someone is always shooting mean looks or snapping at me for talking or laughing 	sadness
	How I hate walking away that last time 	sadness
	People hide their behind a  smile	sadness
	Arg have to wait till february for more Walking Dead 	sadness
	I feel my world is ending today  	sadness
	Okay so now Russia seems to be the new nation to be going thru the whole kicking out the ruling party drama  	sadness
	the sky isn't always blue and the sun doesn't always shine its okay to fall apart sometimes 	sadness
	Gonna finally try to read some of my bookI have no time for books since school started 	sadness
	Maybe I need some rehab or maybe just need some sleep but I think thanksgiving break just went right over me 	sadness
	tell me about it i miss you guys when i'm in classes i can't imagine this break 	sadness
	Frustrated stressed  i guess i am not posed to enjoy happiness 	sadness
	Have to set my alarm 15 mins earlier to wake up and warm my car	sadness
	Gettin ready to drive back to chatt town Last minute playing with my little b's! 	sadness
	1am sneak to Harris teeterapparently you go 48 years without trying a smore  	sadness
	track practice without tomorrow 	sadness
	I feel like  walking down a never ending spiral staircase  	sadness
	to feel happy just once for a whole day would be brilliant 	sadness
	Bought a Mirinda bottle Lost enthu after first few gulps What a waste! :| 	sadness
	no snow for christmas i think i might cry 	sadness
	second time going to  second time missing the band i most wanted to see 	sadness
	Not going to black Friday this year! 	sadness
	Spent all class wanting a wrap and of course they're out of chicken salad  	sadness
	Just realized I only have like a week left with great people like and until next semester 	sadness
	That's great! But I don't think they'll replace the ref if it were a complaint from a 'normal' person Sad but true! 	sadness
	New story idea :( so tempted to start it but I know I'll just end up abandoning it halfway through because of writersblock D': 	sadness
	:O you ruined it! You didn't put a gap between 7 and 0! 	sadness
	Its difficult for me to ignore all their nonsensei have a feeling tooI'm not a girl tat no feelings 	sadness
	Not enough time in the day to listen to all that great music out there 	sadness
	I haven't been to Toys R Us in like 5 years 	sadness
	I'm  very sorry to say but  is not real It's an April Fool's Prank 	sadness
	doesn't understand why people act this way 	sadness
	The mom in this piece is really depressing You are NOT gay! It's disgusting You're disgusting! 	sadness
	SAD I'm effin sad!!! How can life be so unfair? :( 	sadness
	Just left my mom at work now driving home listening to the one that got away 	sadness
	 yeah I noticed your brother deleted him twitter 	sadness
	And the bears lose So awkwardly too Like an ending to the Sopranos or something 	sadness
	awkward moment when you're wetter before you have the shower :( 	sadness
	I love dance but can't make better move 	sadness
	I was talking bout Maria leaving yee she left 2day 	sadness
	Just sittingstaring at the mess i made while painting the house Overwhelmed Someone help clean? 	sadness
	Ahh I can't escape the men graphic tee distressed cuffed jeans infinity scarf and boot look outside of work lol 	sadness
	your ass makes a g-string stand for granny panties :/	sadness
	Poor Forest getting in trouble for saving someone kinda how I feel now a days 	sadness
	Craving Nathansneed a Magwheels with tabasco and a coke light like right now 	sadness
	help me people don't like the muppets at my school 	sadness
	My parents won't allow me to buy any of your shirts Giant Creature is all but a distant dream for me now 	sadness
	:) good!! i really thought you hated me for a minute /: 	sadness
	missed the Victoria Fashion show for Soccer 	sadness
	 what the hell??? mathew dies on thanksgiving ohh my eyes are sweaty   	sadness
	My phone died and my charger is at school! 	sadness
	Just realized my 3000 tweet was a drunk tweet!! 	sadness
	iPod touch 2g dying-on/off top acting up 	sadness
	My  and I Didn't Talk the Whole Day Today :'( 	sadness
	 my copy of fragile things is gone either Cthulhu ate itor the police at the occupy rallies have been in my room 	sadness
	 I like it all A lot better But my rotation Please bring my ability to rotate back  	sadness
	The feeling you get when your trainers tell you that your football team is going to be dissolved after christmas 	sadness
	I miss you too! I would say letz chill at the pep rally togetherbut I'm not going tomorrow  	sadness
	Rememberlast year we were all already excited for the XFactor to see the boys sing I miss those times :( 	sadness
	 My Mom - Do you think that case can hold 170 pounds on it? Mom I weigh 135 	sadness
	You knowproblem is not him not reading newspapersbut being one of his typical voters 	sadness
	So the  scene is losing (San Fran bound)  (cross country road trip) in 2012? 	sadness
	Wanna heat up this gumbo but there is no more rice 	sadness
	I think we are too much of horn balls for this class to be taken seriously 	sadness
	my speakers aren't working right  Sound from the one's coming in and out and it has a static-quality to it - 	sadness
	Upset that and are not coming to Ohio anytime soon Both bands put on killer shows 	sadness
	Missing my life partner already :( 	sadness
	I make half of that band 	sadness
	trying to reply your tweet but phone is dumb clicked many buttons for nothing 	sadness
	I wish I was at least a tiny bit artistic :/ 	sadness
	Helping one of the best friends move Not fun but gotta do it 	sadness
	 smh ! but you juss fell of the face of the earth ! one day i juss never heard from you again 	sadness
	Our brighter future where good education = drilling and passing Stndard tests The Lottery 2010 youtubecom/watch?v=2cQfrS 	sadness
	first semester of  coming to an end :( 	sadness
	Birthday is tomorrow and I can't make it  to tiesto/Tinie tempah/ferry corsten/deadmau5 	sadness
	I don't know why but I felt like my heart tore into pieces It's hurt I felt unlucky D': 	sadness
	My parents don't know who Sylvia Plath is What I have learnt from English Extension is how uncultured my parents are 	sadness
	Omg so much on tv tonight!!! But I have SO MUCH HW!!! :(( :/ ugh! looks like my hw won't b gettin done XD	sadness
	Oh dear game kit local networking - why do even simple things like disconnectPeerFromAllPeers: not work? 	sadness
	I feel like a total selfish bitch :( 	sadness
	i think i broke my butt bone 	sadness
	One day was a wonderful but sad movie It took them 16 years to see what was right in front of them and it was too late 	sadness
	i read that and had a heart attack i thought you really met him bc i didn't read the last part 	sadness
	I don't know how but I think I lost my pair of Vibrams  Sighs 	sadness
	Ugh  My break ovaa dat quick  Danq'Mayaaaaan    ' (:	sadness
	damn  is making me feel like a failure at twitter getting like 20 followers a second 	sadness
	I'll be on the lookout You not having that sweater would be like recess peanut butter cups not having peanut butter 	sadness
	My coffee is gonna taste extra bitter tomorrow Probably all the tears   	sadness
	The worst part is that's not the only time it's happened 	sadness
	imagine that portugal the man and smashing pumpkins are playing in vienna and i'm not going to either one 	sadness
	Love that he can't even talk to me Even though he's the one in the wrong 	sadness
	This cold weather is perfect for cuddling with your sweethearttoo bad I don't have one to snuggle with :( 	sadness
	Super pissed! Tore my favorite fucking Polo today! 	sadness
	Tomorrow will be fulfilled 3 months that my aunt died and I feel terrible 	sadness
	So many little white blocks and chinese writing on my TL that I don't understand 	sadness
	hoy comprobé que cuando se esta en la oscuridad hasta la misma sombra lo abandona a uno 	sadness
	also omg  Dover Air Force Base?  Really??? 	sadness
	Just got home from work and there isn't a in sight But he did leave me a DRKGB CD and made my bed 	sadness
	I keep forgetting that el tarasco in wc doesn't have a liquor license anymore 	sadness
	Today's fire will not start  	sadness
	Not even a full day and i miss every1 	sadness
	Our Christmas tree is broken :( 	sadness
	So today was my last Christmas play I'll ever have at my school 	sadness
	If he was 8 yrs old LeBron would Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	Man I wish I was in Dallas Bet the winter meetings are rocking right now  	sadness
	The BCS sucks ass The national championship should be LSU vs OSU but it won't 	sadness
	I am going back to  for a few daysto bad ill miss you 	sadness
	I did see earlier tweets But I've now exposed you as a Brooker-pilfering charlatan   	sadness
	Hittin the train back to Toronto from a great weekend in Ottawa with my Sam :( 	sadness
	Traumatized for life  My mama hit a deer  	sadness
	Haven't seen Frankii in mad long 	sadness
	So it is now Sunday and my brother leaves to live in the UK at 5pm this afternoon 	sadness
	thought I should make up for lost time because I can't tweet from this loner phone haha 	sadness
	I dig that my car's brand is bringing me the show Next Iron Chef of course the buick of now looks nothing like the buick of old 	sadness
	Sad she won't be there this year grabbing  sharing all the delicious deserts with me while I'm in the DJ booth 	sadness
	GREAT my girlfriends mic AND keyboard on her pos phone broke Right before I have to work 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you don't check your DMs and find out DMed you 2 days ago! 	sadness
	in a state of shock no way did  just die  if this is true this is the end of me watching you 	sadness
	 decide for my own's sake i mean i have the freedom to choose you know  	sadness
	Instead of wiping your tears wipe away the people who created them& 	sadness
	OMG IM GETTING BRACES!! U KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS?!?! i wont be able to sing goodly anymore :(	sadness
	Breaths gunna smell like shit after this French vanilla 	sadness
	Just got back in town from spending a day with Boo! It was WONDERFUL!!! Back to reality 	sadness
	Lolz il a des gens qui on pas de vie 	sadness
	Today was such a good day You ruined it :(	sadness
	Big weekend and my voice is tired!! 	sadness
	too damn scared to answer 	sadness
	tomorrow is the day to say goodbye  i'm all the way in NC  	sadness
	Living with my mother is like living with an extremely depressed friend that I can't ever discuss my sex life with  	sadness
	what's school I haven't been there in a week  I'm uncomfortable in bed can't move cuz of leg 	sadness
	Carlos! I lost your number and I got a new number! :( 	sadness
	I'm a lil disappointed I was waitin for her to rip her clothes off and sing TGIF or something 	sadness
	Mais pourquoi ne fonctionne que par intermittence au  ? Je précise que j'ai un abonnement monde	sadness
	Glad schools out! But want to a have d-high game 	sadness
	Disney memories are pulling at my heart strings and controlling my emotions tonight 	sadness
	either my phone or phone is being gay 	sadness
	Tendulkar evades his 100th 100 Federer cries with joy on clinching the Paris Masters and Vettel loses a chance to equal Schumacher 	sadness
	About to have a movie night with my booboo jellyybeansz 3 Last night in NYC before we go back to Madison 	sadness
	I am bored	sadness
	Como una expresión tan simple una sola oración puede llegara dañarte tanto 	sadness
	We're sorry but the clip you selected isn't available from your location Please select another clip NO I REFUSE 	sadness
	My heart and soul is leaving me and I can't even see here 	sadness
	morning :) oh what a bad episode to come in towards the end And only 1 more episode?? 	sadness
	Working on this third drink tho  Someone is tryna challenge me to a cook off they've already  	sadness
	sounds awful but alot of people are dying recently :(( 	sadness
	Feeling left out I guess I always have my boyfriend 	sadness
	I only have two class periods left with my favorite teacher 	sadness
	been awake since 4:30am too tired for black friday fun 	sadness
	Thanks but I think a puck to the eye means he probably will stay clear of the Garden 	sadness
	I can't believe I'm saying this but Room 112 by 112 is a big ass simp album 	sadness
	Naubusan kami ng slot sa 5k ng MILO MARATHON :| 	sadness
	haha nah For the most part im done skating for the season unless we get some really nice days It's just to cold 	sadness
	If nobody makes plans by tomorrow morning I'm gonna finally watch all those SVU episodes crowding my DVR   	sadness
	staging environment private server logged in to back-end CMS opening the front-end in new window too many connections WTF? 	sadness
	sleepy time cant wait to work with tomorrow considering her days are numbered 	sadness
	I want cake I bet we don't have any 	sadness
	Packing to leave tomorrow 	sadness
	Is wanting to be healthy to join me back in the paint 	sadness
	Lol! I just did too RT I forced some down anyway lol I'll regret it later RT im_a_KEY_pa: No room for dessert 	sadness
	I meet Santa Claus!!!! He said he couldn't bring me justinbieber:( me and we're sad 	sadness
	I'll miss watching Buehrle on the south side He was my favorite White Sox player 	sadness
	Back from the hospital just in time for a tutorial Today will not be a good day  	sadness
	no matter how much i love her or tweet her will never tweet me back 	sadness
	Last day of art appreciation class 	sadness
	dude wants to drive to crafton for pot now we're all even fanzinator josh is the one needing laid tho help him guys	sadness
	Radio degraded from some good songs to absolute shit 	sadness
	Dick Vitale is calling the Ohio State/Duke game 	sadness
	this year for the first time in my life I will not have a christmas tree in my home 	sadness
	Man these Indian rappers from Brampton are almost as bad as the black ones 	sadness
	I wonder if my new emoticon keyboard works in Twitter  It does! Probably only visible to iPhone/iPad users tho 	sadness
	Really wanna go see the lights on the cumberland but the weather just won't cooperate 	sadness
	hey JaimelynArmy i miss you new friend 	sadness
	you guys missed out on free shots from nick! We got them right after you left 	sadness
	Not even worth a rejection letter 	sadness
	If you've never liked Nickelback then you pretty much wasted most of your life  	sadness
	I'm exhausted but can't sleep  I just want my nap  	sadness
	The that was filling this  from her from his  will linger here well after we leave  will feel it one day	sadness
	2 more days of this break :( I don't want it to end 	sadness
	God don't show me any more I don't think my heart can take it 	sadness
	Someone went thru our mail and tore open my mom's bday card to me! Looking for $? Our neighbor on another street brought it over 	sadness
	I saw a dead Cardinal outside at lunch I don't think it's a coincidence  	sadness
	Today was a sad day :( Im gonna miss you Emily  	sadness
	D'oh RTTBONEWFNZ: Anna Kooiman leaving   Excuse me for a second I need to collect my thoughts 	sadness
	Spanish is the worst class My teacher has been out for two weeks and my peers are proletariats 	sadness
	Jamming to Pandoratrying to bring some light to my bday weekendI really wish I was able to go home and be with my family	sadness
	Sooooo Tired but I want to watch a movie 	sadness
	Camping out in KateMoff33's room because a giant pile of laundry was put on my bed and I have no time for such things 	sadness
	Pain is my happinessdarkness is my light I'm one big void of nothingness	sadness
	It's not a proper relationship without friendship But how do you get it back? 	sadness
	Just made it north of the Mason-Dixon line 	sadness
	Sitting here depressed n staring into space 	sadness
	Back to the real world!!  	sadness
	Ça me manque de ne pas mettre mon doigt dans les narines de mon frere et de cramer les cheveux de mon colombinus d'amour ! 	sadness
	I'm going to miss staring angrily at and in the hallways this week 	sadness
	really? mcdonalds cafe machine isnt workingno peppermint hot chocolate): 	sadness
	 you put clothes in the washing machine   forget the main thing you wanted to wash  	sadness
	cutting off my camp bracelets is such a sad ritual I mus be reeeeaaalllyy dedicated to this play 	sadness
	State of certainty to state of confusion just like that	sadness
	Cody won't be coming anywhere NEAR where I live At all )	sadness
	Tech is as invigorating as ever is near asleep  	sadness
	One of those nights when all I wanna do is listen to my iPod and hide under the covers 	sadness
	GOSH! I miss football so much! 	sadness
	alot of ppl r sad that their brother is going to college  leaving them well im sad i cant sell my brother on e-bay shit 	sadness
	I found JhunJhun! And my phone is finally and officially broken Lol Also when am I beating you at tennis again? )	sadness
	I'm home watchin this sad movie Missing college 	sadness
	Today after mass and I stop by 's house after mass to only be disappointed that no one was home :( 	sadness
	“kgoradio: 8 people shot in West Oakland  All stable but at least 1 serious injury” Unfortunately no one is surprised Hella :(	sadness
	Guess I'll give up on using the internet for now and do something useful for a change  	sadness
	this 19 yearold eats 30000calories a day   ohmygod  	sadness
	I would LOVE to see!! Desperate to seealas no tickets available this weekend:(	sadness
	awww so close to seeing at the soundcheck party on tuesday but i have school  :( 	sadness
	 JUST CONFIRMED I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO LOOKS AT THE NBA SCHEDULE DAILY 	sadness
	TEARS ARE AH FORM OF PROTECTIONIS NOT MY DIRECTION	sadness
	i just wanna listen to music but my stupid ass ipod is broke -__- :'( 	sadness
	Sucks when you don't have wifi and you dont have your cell phone and ou can't get on twitter 	sadness
	I missed  I was so exhausted from  that I fell asleep! :'(	sadness
	I know im sorry RT ChristyyBeEasyy: you betterill try and forgive you not being here for my big 21	sadness
	nm just lying on bed sad bout people I can't have lol 	sadness
	Asked a kid how old he thought I was his answer: 25 thank goodness I got my lancome stuffs!  	sadness
	SHIT!!!!!!!! I ran outta fruity pebbles! Dam :(  	sadness
	And my black Friday shift begins  	sadness
	Realistic bad dreams really suck especially when about someone close to you Must resist urge to call them at 3 am 	sadness
	Ehexam finals time 	sadness
	I made a Highlander reference last night about how there can be only one black guy at the party Only ONE person got it 	sadness
	i can't watch KKTNY cause i don't have cable ): 	sadness
	I wanted Taylor Swift or Katy Perry to be nominated for album of the yearawk  	sadness
	Harry's life is tragic His hug bounced like spalding and he was out of coverage area when he reached the house 	sadness
	I'm at red square in canal its separate shop filled with weirdos who are very sexual and boring I wanna be in wharf☹	sadness
	Senior year set in yesterday  an i never could sleep good 	sadness
	This house feels so empty without my Scout Also missing Dad a lot today 	sadness
	I miss   Like this tour needs to hurry :( 	sadness
	am not gonna watch barcelona match today '( 	sadness
	Ouu Ouch That hurts Dave really does I'm going to go cry in the corner now :( 	sadness
	Gonna miss release show because I got asked to work 	sadness
	Not even Juwan Howard or Grant Hill RT NepeanTX: Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	Noooo! The true end of an era 	sadness
	Apparently Maldonado has signed with Williams for next yearso sadly I think Rubens' F1 driving life is over :/ 	sadness
	how to ruin a perfectly good night: my fridge is so cold it separated the most delicious vanilla frosting ever 	sadness
	Missed Amazing Race  60 minutes cut into the TiVo  	sadness
	Hope you can make it up soon! RT Silently dying while Twitter explodes with posts of and  	sadness
	I lost my heart in the beginnings of winter And I was so convinced 	sadness
	looks like its  again maybe it will snow enough so we can have a snow day Oh wait Im an adult now  	sadness
	On sad thing about  waking up the smell of great food nd knowing it can't be touched till later 	sadness
	got excited because we had chex mix at homeopened the bag and realized someone ate all the good stuff and just left chex 	sadness
	I swear every night I just creep my timeline till I reach where I left off 	sadness
	i got work no morning fun for me :( 	sadness
	No matter how much I wanna ask one simple question I know that it might ruin our friendship 	sadness
	My feather just fell out of my hair in the shower 	sadness
	no passive aggressive tweets tonight? 	sadness
	hope you have a good break I didn't get to tell you bye today 	sadness
	ya know I texted u today! And u did not text back :( 	sadness
	Will you backdate city badges soon? I did my massive Europe tour with check-ins last year 	sadness
	I said no to the same boy like 5 times last night! 	sadness
	 missing nugget night but thanksgiving dinner is a solid replacement&  	sadness
	For the record I'm cool with virgins but these roommates are completely destroying feminism 	sadness
	every night fake smiles every morning	sadness
	You know you're having a shitty day when your profile picture stops moving 	sadness
	is my ginger gal at Subway transferred Now I have to spell-out my order every AM	sadness
	Python friend is explaining to me how he wrote his own CMS I cannot seem to convince him to dump his crappy host and learn Django 	sadness
	I hate it when you talk to someone every single day and then it just stops All of a sudden neither of you say a word to each other 	sadness
	I really can't be nice to some people without them getting the wrong idea 	sadness
	im not gonna lie my family celebrates christmas without christmas trees where's the festivity?!?!? 	sadness
	I really want to go black Friday shopping but I have no one to go with  	sadness
	My brand new machete needs sharpening after my first shave with it  	sadness
	Actually crying because of gossip girl   	sadness
	ooooh early shifts ooh my dear early shifts why don't you all go to f**k off! 	sadness
	Our main server got borked!  Check here for deals instead!  	sadness
	So I think im watching a good movie and then they kill the little boy WTF 	sadness
	I got my retainer on today It feels so weird I can't sleep because I keep touching it with my tongue 	sadness
	Missing Judas Priest's farewell tour in Toronto tonight 	sadness
	when creepy people don't get the hint to stop texting you 	sadness
	This damn strip club is wacky as 	sadness
	I hate it when I cant help someone when they feel sad It makes me sad  	sadness
	MILF_Squared: don't you dare waste a Daryl by turning him in to a walker! amcShame you dont sell outside the USA 	sadness
	these ads that come on the side saying flirting has never been so easy man why is the world filled with desperate people i say 	sadness
	i dn't even get wat actually happeni just felt useless nw	sadness
	The break up scene in The Notebook  :(	sadness
	sounds like fun! ^^ btw can't wait to hear you sing more and more :) AMAZING VOICE 3  	sadness
	I'm going to feel extremely hungry tomorrow from not enjoying the yearly Thanksgiving meal 	sadness
	Singing Someone like you in a car in the rain with meganconnell1 What is this an ABC family movie?  	sadness
	The 3 reasons I miss living in Houston: Zio's Gringos and Casa Ole The food of my childhood! 	sadness
	Uhhh Migraine Go away!! I'm not sure if I'm about to pass out or vomit Uhh I wish someone was here to hold me! 	sadness
	Tu me manques nos tiny me manque nos délires me manque vivement qu'on rattrape le temps perdu mon chou 3 :(	sadness
	man must now leave the warmth of my pvt bath and heater to brave the cold and wet outside to go food shopping 	sadness
	didn't buy a wii/zelda today and all I can think about is how much I wanna play skyward sword 	sadness
	study sesh for evaaa this week? And me giving you your bday gifts?! Last day of owning godfreys and it's raining 	sadness
	Josh doesn't like Christmas music 	sadness
	My dog has an ear infection taking to the vet now:( 	sadness
	been home for the past 45 min and iv been working on homework :'( break is so over 	sadness
	Only you can make me fly to the moon and fall to the earth 	sadness
	Most people are secret haters They throw salt in the low! 	sadness
	For the first time this entire week im going to bed before 4 am 	sadness
	if was swoll like paul sr maybe he could get laid  still watching American chopper wit him n fanzinator	sadness
	I wish I lived on the West Coast so it would be 3 hours earlier and it would be 7:35 pm instead of 10:35 pm 	sadness
	Had the BEST Thanksgiving in a while Well except for the part where my cousin-in-law's gram died You will be greatly missed Gram! 	sadness
	The mechanic was going to let me take it away but then he returned broken brake in hand 	sadness
	in pratica stasera ho scoperto che devo spaccarmi il culo in due che l'importante è il nome e per il nome devo accumulare soldi 	sadness
	super tempting However thats like 4 hours away 	sadness
	I seriously need to get a job all this free time to sit   think is not good at all 	sadness
	On another note: Tonight I noticed great  and dead-end  on a lot of people's eyes  and   	sadness
	i hate the song FA LA LA :DD i don't want to hear that anymore sorry beliebers i don't really like the song when i heard it  	sadness
	lagii sedih niih :'( data ke format tiink mna ada video klipnya kamilah lagii 	sadness
	dang I didn't make the 6 words post I 	sadness
	Christopher!!You followed methen UNFOLLOWED me! What a tease! You give me joy  then rip it out from under me 	sadness
	Hey I'm just wondering if were still friends? Last time I checked friends hand with other friends  	sadness
	It is 4 minutes until Cody Simpson in NYC and im not there you'll do great love 33	sadness
	Oh and instead of playing Apples to Apples with his family I watched the Dolphins lose By one Freaking Point 	sadness
	WAS excited for some late-night painting last nightbut when I opened my new paints the yellow was all dried out  	sadness
	I´m a fool for hating the wrong person for the right reasons and not hating the right person for the wrong reasons  	sadness
	sounds like a perfect night that I miss spending with you! 	sadness
	when you say you're from guilderland all the local college kids think you're a spoiled rich fag  	sadness
	Unjust! I wanted Brian to liiiiiiiive Also I spoiled myself so now I know my chocolate cop dies 	sadness
	Feel free to! Just be warned I'm a Fattie McFattie Weighed myself the other day and I'm the heaviest I've ever been 	sadness
	Sudden pain under my tongue  has forced me to remove 9 yr old tongue ring Is it time to let it go?  HELP bkangel1617	sadness
	Ordered a pair o Nike's from on friday still on being processed on monday	sadness
	It's sad  People hate on you because your being you and they can't lol 	sadness
	First mark of the year Dayum what a bad bad mark 	sadness
	the last season part two I can't stand to buy it and recognize its over 	sadness
	Love/hate relationship with rain today: It allowed me to take my first weekday nap ALL year but cancelled my evening plans 	sadness
	I've just realized tonight it'll be the last Sectionals with the actual awesome cast :(  	sadness
	I'm literally finding stuff I've been looking for since the 9th grade but I still can't find what I'm looking for right now 	sadness
	im glad can laugh at his no one else is laughing wait everyone is 	sadness
	since i got an iphone i tweet like less than half the amount that i used to 	sadness
	I love Christmas music more than any other kind but I only get to enjoy it for two months per year Luckily it's !	sadness
	i miss when MTV was all about Pimp My Ride and Yo Momma 	sadness
	i think u miss oppai miss my navigator oppacoz today he not living some twitt 	sadness
	: on the weekdays the food is awful lol Brunch on the weekends are ok 	sadness
	 doesnt suck its ur interpretations that are suck Drop them Follow me for reminders  	sadness
	I made 2 pumpkin pies and only had 1 small slice :'( 	sadness
	Dixieland Delight is on the radio 	sadness
	Just received a brand new  but it seems to hate my SIM card   support tells me they don't know whats wrong :( 	sadness
	Missed the bus :'( cold bored  on my todd 	sadness
	nooott even dey jus can't get enough so they cheat when one pussy is not available dey go hunt  ah suh mi see it! 	sadness
	Your my parents I shouldn't have to change to make you love me You should love me as I am  ?	sadness
	 having my heart brokenI hope to never go through a pain like that again 	sadness
	Been up all night I dozed off once n woke up n thought it all was a dream But then I realized he was really gone 	sadness
	I always miss it when you are on replying to people! oh well maybe next time 3	sadness
	Such a sad day when my first boss and owner of Newberry's one screen theatre dies 	sadness
	Oh I just got home and find out that I could of gone to the surprise at 3:30 :| 	sadness
	Regrets not buying a raf fair isle this season 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you feel like you've killed a good conversation :/	sadness
	Goodbye snow here's the rain ☔ 	sadness
	Can't believe that we have to go back to school tomorrow 	sadness
	What is a mid season finally and why is The Walking Dead doing it? 	sadness
	people let high school change them way too easily 	sadness
	No Pan Am tonight T Swift is super awkward btw 	sadness
	Hopes  dreams were crushedpush me down some stairsnow -___-  Why mess with my head?!!?	sadness
	You might as well I can't eat the food likes to make 	sadness
	Better get my butt to bed No sleeping in tomorrow 	sadness
	My inner clock woke me up 8 i dont have class till 11  	sadness
	 has a broken thumb on throwing hand Out 6-8 weeks exams/likely surgery tomorrow  	sadness
	I look at her pictures every night I miss her so much Why did I do this 	sadness
	My monopoly ticket things from McDonalds expired :(	sadness
	Dear ryanmrhodes Bummer! Been in Ellwood City all weekend with and family Good times but i sure do miss you guys 	sadness
	I think I will be reduced to tears at Westlife's farewell tour next year :( 	sadness
	This awkward moment that you woke up happily then ended up annoyed and sad with a fight with him 	sadness
	Listening to Wiz Khalifa makes it feel like summer again 	sadness
	Bringing my computer to the computer doctor :( Hopefully I can take it home tonight!  	sadness
	---- My awesome theme for me solo piece :) --- :(	sadness
	All I listen to lately is mayday parade  	sadness
	GUYS! On the TV guide it said on the spot was on so I of course clickes but it WASNT! 	sadness
	3 days in Bed  z current situation could only bring    I hope i wont commit a Suicide	sadness
	I'm glad you can tweet but not text back 	sadness
	First failure = big deal!!! :(	sadness
	I'm not totally sober and I'm at home 	sadness
	You know you're getting old when your baby brother starts driving 	sadness
	is going to make me not use twitter anymore cuz you dont love me 	sadness
	I forgot to set  on my dvr I won't see  go HAM on christina aguilera or justin bieber or kelly clarkson 	sadness
	Ate someone elses pizza A mom  two young kids reading They are without power We feel bad 	sadness
	There should be a law saying a girl should never weigh more than her boyfriend I mean how do you work with that 	sadness
	righther lips looked bout crusty as a pie edge 	sadness
	at this point I'm just looking for friends in general   	sadness
	That last sip of Starbucks Breakfast Blend 	sadness
	Deactivated the  account from my device No longer tweeting for the program It really is over 	sadness
	Missing you lots already Soumya Jain! Can't wait till you're done your degree and en route back home forever! 	sadness
	Funny how some of my friends geek out with guys who are loaded (Definition of loaded to them: type of car the dude drives) HA! 	sadness
	sitting here sober when other people are drunk 	sadness
	I second thatthis whole week will be full of coke days 	sadness
	Sad day just got denied indoor  ruined my life for the next like 2 weeks	sadness
	Thanks you still hold the title  he's just jealous of my great looks 	sadness
	Missing my boyfriend my family and friends really bad tonight 	sadness
	hanging out with my mom and meme :) all that's missing is cals! 	sadness
	still feeling a lil downits crazy how you are not here any more and all im left is memories	sadness
	Damn I wish Saints Row 2 had a greaser gang 	sadness
	Why Would you compare yourself to global warming -- 	sadness
	only just realised was on for half hourwish it was on for a hourits goodfunny :L	sadness
	His phone is turned off now :( I won't get to talk to him until his brother gets home so he can use his phone 	sadness
	listening to paradise by such amazing memories to this tune last weekends anthem!!  	sadness
	io oggi dovevo semplicemente fare l'alberoperchè mi ritrovo a dover rimettere in ordine camera mia? 	sadness
	I really wish I had my long hair back 	sadness
	Es en noches asi q lo unico q quiero es hablar con una amigaaaa y nadie quiere nadie atiende lo q sea Me fui a ver awkward :( 	sadness
	Dude I thought you were going to call me! 	sadness
	I miss middle school:( dancing at those multicultural shows getting to spend the whole day with my best friend 	sadness
	it better start soon Or this girl might die 	sadness
	Party game! Only one more day in drama  	sadness
	Thought i saw cory monteith at the bus stop It wasnt him 	sadness
	Dammit I wish my friend was my girlfriend :/ Why can't she be bi or something 	sadness
	Taking a break from weed for a bit 	sadness
	ridiculous how much that tweet relates to my daily life 	sadness
	Damn this b ball trip isnt gonna be the same without 	sadness
	I'm dissappointed We agreed at the river that waz gojng to be dedicated to me 	sadness
	That was a good game wish the dolphins won though lol 	sadness
	Gay marriage isn't legal yet and I found out my ex is already engaged  	sadness
	Received a sad news from overseasI will miss you Tita SarahThanks for loving us U are safer there now w/o all d pain  	sadness
	Fuck  YOU! RT She has the ass of a 14 year old Asian girl 	sadness
	So much for losing something Going to fat burger for dinner with dad   	sadness
	what! why?! its not like its a human or plastic surgery??& -__- 	sadness
	Read through all 100 issues of Ultimate X-Men man was that series cut short our what! Ultimatum really screwed these guys over 	sadness
	I Love You  *Ughhghghghg* Im Sick Of Writing This Everyday  You Dont Even Notice Me :( ! 	sadness
	is riding to work on his motorcycle : always	sadness
	I never fail to get sick during dead week  	sadness
	 lossfeeling so many different emotions     You left my life too soon	sadness
	you've abandoned me on the chats of late forcing me to resort to tweeting 	sadness
	Aw :( late and got the back of the class 	sadness
	kickin 20 yrs down in a month and I havent even hung out in a kangaroos pouch 	sadness
	Every time I watch Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire I'm like Cedric won't die this time! He can't! And he always does :( 	sadness
	I wanna be a little kid again these teenage girl problems are to much to handle :( 	sadness
	Dejá pasar a la señora es de las frases más crueles que te pueden decir por la calle unos chiquillos jugando a la pelota 	sadness
	Heartbroken that Robin will never have kids sorry for the spoiler 	sadness
	I'm hoping you wished for a snow day tomorrow? cuzz i missed it 	sadness
	hates me It's official Any depressing status I ever have is due to the emotional bullying of him and his cruel words	sadness
	My twitter is not working :( I can't tweet from Twitter or see my mentions 	sadness
	Headed to  for a loaner phone RIP Blackberrylove you long time 	sadness
	you'll like my profile picture but not message me back? & 	sadness
	I love you But I love Craig too What a dilemma 	sadness
	Somewhere in my house a very Loyal Blackberry is being ignored 	sadness
	Pumpkin spice latte way too sweet?  Is this what having adult taste buds is like?  I'm frustrated that I can't finish this thing  	sadness
	 RT IretiTheGuru: The main people you look at forare the ones that  bread on your name! 	sadness
	I feel old I don't recognize any Disney Channel shows and now I'm older than most of the stars  	sadness
	Syd is sick D': my poor little froggy If he doesn't make it at least he lived a long life :c 	sadness
	so much stuff that I have no clue about I thought bestows were supposed to tell each other everything 	sadness
	I need more sleep and is being a meanie today! 	sadness
	Not going to lie made my stomach hurt all day! 	sadness
	The only thing worse than a skinny chick who think she's fat is a skinny chick who think she's thick!!! Smh 	sadness
	Just finished my last episode of Glee on Netflix 	sadness
	This BCS show is like the NCAAB Tourney selection show Except after announcing the teams all but 2 are immediately eliminated 	sadness
	Working out without a spotter is like peanut butter without jelly 	sadness
	So my wonderful fishy died because our other fish killed it!  all the while we thought they were just playing around ):	sadness
	the moment when ur dress wont fit cause ur butts to big 	sadness
	Why wont my 2nd video upload!!!!!!! :( maybe tomorrow 	sadness
	Dang my barber dont work Saturday! I have to wait till next week for a haircut! 	sadness
	I really want to watch every single disney movie I have but I can't because my VHS-player is broken 	sadness
	seems to b lack of sunshine in ur life coz sunshine cannot be generated in ur mind Sun is outside mind always shining 	sadness
	So I have to say bye to 2 people I really care about all in one day:(& 	sadness
	DARN YOU SCHOOL I WANTED TO GO TO A CONCERT TODAY!!!!:( 	sadness
	Team swag! I am going to miss all of you people so much! BAH 	sadness
	My brothers making fun of my music :(	sadness
	But it's not about the money money money As I said I won't see my crush 	sadness
	Boys don't cry doesn't have a good end i'm afraid 	sadness
	wow six of my ten fingernails broke this week 	sadness
	Excuse me Kurt How did I not know you had a twitter? And why haven't I seen you lately? 	sadness
	Mrs Kelli's no longer exists! It's now called Fleet Street Irish Pub and apparently is really nice with great food  	sadness
	Probably gonna miss most of the grey cup cuz of workwork and homework 	sadness
	Let's go fuck shit up!!! Awww we can't leave we don't have keys Wordz2LizBy	sadness
	I thought your twitter had been deactivated! It wouldn't let me mention you in mine :( 	sadness
	I hate when animal cruelty commercials come on Makes me wanna crawl in a hole and die  	sadness
	Sometimes I wish I could have you as more than a friend Each day its harder to just say sup dude Knowing I wanna say more yo	sadness
	I want to cry my frustration out but I don't even have time to do that 	sadness
	I still can't belive that Chuck is going to end  A nerd a spy and a colonel that they've change my life  I miss you :(	sadness
	yeah I GUESS I can wait! And I'm leaning towards McNattie Ps You no longer rhyme with me 	sadness
	I can help with suicide note  RT BrendaThoka: Sometimes I really really hate life  	sadness
	It seems as i gain a follower i lose one Stuck at 123 	sadness
	Yes!  Dan Aykroyd and John Candy!   aw Heart attack joke  	sadness
	RTFina11yMadeIt: Everyone is gifted but some people never open their presents!!! 	sadness
	Blacks search their entire genealogy to find one person tht wasn't jus so they can say they 1/4 _____ 	sadness
	Sleep time! Finally after a day full of (mostly about  )	sadness
	i already got all my christmas presents so i have nothing to open 	sadness
	besides what incentives do u even have to offer gay couples to be criminalizing their marriage 	sadness
	I was looking forward to my pasta dinner today  	sadness
	Aww I don't think we have Basketball practice this week ☹	sadness
	Dennis just pulled a paper crane out of his pocket and let it fall to the ground and told me I wasn't getting another one 	sadness
	I just realised to go to bed I'm going to have to take off my party hat 	sadness
	Feel Bad Today :( In Desperate Need Of A Hug 	sadness
	Her apologies dont help the fact that my face hurts!  	sadness
	Games I love to play on the original Xbox: Buffy Voodoo Vince Games I don't have for original Xbox: Buffy Voodoo Vince 	sadness
	just left and and im pretty sure I'm gonna cry myself to sleep tonight 	sadness
	This tweet was sent to vent my feelings 	sadness
	I forced some down anyway lol I'll regret it later RT im_a_KEY_pa: No room for dessert 	sadness
	My dad took the ipod in the beginning of my gift and my curse Since its pandora i cant get it back  	sadness
	Trying to find something to about the place but I have found I have done everything already :c 	sadness
	I'm in a  kinda mood but with that comes because today'sChildren can't get the Disney experience we had	sadness
	Seriously wish I knew my credit card number off by heart 	sadness
	I gotta start paying attention! I missed my 1400th tweet! 	sadness
	Goood Thing Coach Gibson Loves Me Cause I'm Late Every Single Day  	sadness
	Ver capítulos de Boston Legal  :) que sea la última temporada :(	sadness
	unfortunately no too long of a drive for just the day :(	sadness
	in Grand Rapids tomorrow? Missing it 	sadness
	Currently wishing I was at the Taylor Swift concert at MSG tonight Havn't been to a concert in a while 	sadness
	Im now missing an integral part of my story :-\  	sadness
	: I feel upset about this scandal I was speechless and I feel like i failed miserably No u didn't	sadness
	oh yes haha and I watched the game So the haven't lost this many in a row in like 20 years 	sadness
	Damn it! is out of the XV!! I can't even buy a bottle for home! 	sadness
	Mera bi lai laiti hain ami waisey =D magar phir 3 days baad wapis daiti hain Ya tou one week 	sadness
	Aww the world's oldest dog dies in Japan! I always see that dog in the news 	sadness
	thanx for ur support! Don't be bummed the will still be completely mental  )	sadness
	wish I could grow a good looking beard 	sadness
	what? You left without saying good bye? 	sadness
	Who else is sad that Jim Gleason is currently out of the office?    	sadness
	This sickness and her silent treatment blew the winds out of my confession sails 	sadness
	shit nabura lht ng files ko sa USB ksama pa nmn dun ung mga pics ng  =(( un	sadness
	Someone needs to invent a dream recorder Cause I be so sad when I forget my dreams 	sadness
	my rolex finally got to the right time so I had to sleep in it to keep it rolling in fear it will stop time again 	sadness
	if she's lost in our twitter convo shell never keep up in real convo 	sadness
	When I go home shit don't look the same 	sadness
	I missed the leadership training today 	sadness
	Going somewhere to get baked chicken then finding out they baked it in gravy   	sadness
	That awkward moment when your DAD asks you when you're getting a boyfriend 	sadness
	Kind miss playing EVE Online still It just eats up wayyyy too much time 	sadness
	Horrible gaming from last nite - he received his 1st Rough Day ribbon in  - Most Deaths in a Match 	sadness
	The moment when your girlfriend is too busy to text you cause she is playing video games  and :P	sadness
	holt shit Your new =3 got removed by youtube 	sadness
	sad thing is yoway is next door n i havent even gone yet 	sadness
	Lo que hace la necesidad  esa vieja lo que me da es 	sadness
	When I dnt eat all day when I do finally eat I eat anything and EVERYTHING 	sadness
	I expect a celebratory christmas nuzzle before xmas or I might die  	sadness
	You know you're becoming a grow up when you finally decide it's time to throw out your jerry and maury buttons 	sadness
	oh honey love you know me so well!! Lets watch! Yesterday was the first sunday we didn't hang out 	sadness
	I have this weird urge to draw but I can't find my old sketch book 	sadness
	Ladies I'm trying to become the spokesperson for Applebees Not a joke  	sadness
	everyone is coming home this weekendand it's one of the busiest weekends for me	sadness
	So I just used auntie remedy of drinking a tablespoon of vinegar for my headache and it didn't work 	sadness
	i feel bad because i put the story on the website and people are going to get mad at me :/  	sadness
	Give me a cigarette I want a fucking cigarette I want to destroy me shit! love hurts too much  I want to smoke  	sadness
	love you( oh BTW's i may not be at lunch again tomorrow 	sadness
	Thts Life !! Aanchaul: hates when you love someone and they just walk out on you and act like nothing ever happened:'(	sadness
	C'est officiel : La moustache ne me va pas 	sadness
	i meant  cuz sleeping with josh would be a kind thing it will happen someone out there has a kind heart	sadness
	nanakaw yung iTouch ng Kuya ko hinoldap sha :( yun pa naman gamit ko pang twitter tas marami akong naka favorite na vids doon :(	sadness
	Last class with naomi gal 	sadness
	I would do anything to be able to watch Home Alone with tonight! Guess I'll just watch it alone :( 	sadness
	is my  sister she'd take care of my fish  don't even like me! 	sadness
	When Im not okay I always tend to spend more than the usual fvck 	sadness
	I missed  last night for the first time since the show aired 	sadness
	When you make a promise with the one that you trust and the break it like a toothpick 	sadness
	Irredeemable vol 6  7 to go and then I will be out of comics for the rest of my trip 	sadness
	I hope they fix my car ASAP 	sadness
	So happy I've got my phone back! Sounds sad but it's like my life 	sadness
	when everyone watches that tv show that you never did but you can't start watching it now because you're already 10 episodes behind 	sadness
	Surely we're too young for this! // RT 2LemonadeGal: oh my mom is helping me color mine tomorrow 	sadness
	Call Tweet and mourn us for today is and my last day in studio until next semester! 	sadness
	My Xmas tree is too big for my apartment 	sadness
	I am litterally bawling right now I was going to come to the concert tomorrow but Tickets sold out too fast 	sadness
	Don't wanna go sing today &    !!!	sadness
	Time to lay it on down leavin early 2ma  	sadness
	I just wanted to punch all my friends in the face to my dudes band 	sadness
	Google I guess her twin did the same thing google malika haqq and Adrian Wilson	sadness
	Wish I could watch the parade but apparently that's not done here 	sadness
	Anticipation!!!! & Of Anarchy in a few hours!! Can't believe there's only 2 episodes left tho!! 	sadness
	Ugh I keep wanting to change my display picture but it won't let me! 	sadness
	The sadness you feel when you wait outside hm at midnight only to find it doesn't open until 5am 	sadness
	Atleast we got a glimpse of nice weather 	sadness
	Im just a romantic midwestern guy with his heart on his sleeve and his dick in his fist    	sadness
	It's true and I are long lost twins that live across the country 	sadness
	that awkward moment when you realize you DONT love your life 	sadness
	Don't you just love when your gf doesn't reply /: 	sadness
	I hate flop nights You get excited then BAM nothing happens  another night	sadness
	C'est le moment de l'annee ou mon tan est plus la et je ressemble a un personnage des simpsons  	sadness
	You know I LOVE those but twice they've made me puke so I can't drink them any more 	sadness
	can we make trend for someone  sake brenna_bean	sadness
	Ive come to the conclusion I'm a failure at life 	sadness
	reading hopeless romantic blogs with makes me realise how much   I need a boyfriend 	sadness
	Worst part of the day: not being able to pick up my iphone 	sadness
	E mi rivedo per la terza Harry Potter e I Doni della Morte parte 2  	sadness
	I have come to the sad conclusion that I will not complete NaNo It appears that for my time in grad school it won't be an option 	sadness
	I can die a happy woman because I have loved another with all my heart and soul  that's enough for me  	sadness
	Wowww Thesis wrecks Wordpress for all future theme uses 	sadness
	I'm ganna miss the people in my English class next semester 	sadness
	I think the Conor Oberst lyric each public school is a halfway house is becoming more and more true Vonnegut would be upset 	sadness
	sooooooooooooo is my phone broken or something or does no one wanna reply to my texts? 	sadness
	eternal eternal for josh  pls   	sadness
	Cant sport my Chargers hat til next august now  	sadness
	Getting ready for the last show at The Mad Hatter 	sadness
	 ahahah i hate cornetto choco lava :)  memory lane 	sadness
	-_- wtf Im not there lol I got my Mike n' Ikes already smmfh I got the whip and all to come pick yo big head ahh up	sadness
	Mum in hospital and it don't look to good :(	sadness
	I don't think there's enough time in the world for me to get good enough 	sadness
	I am so jelly I'm in public I can't be pantless It is cold 	sadness
	my sister-in-law grandmother is dead 	sadness
	Apparently bum fighting has gone the way of the dodo 	sadness
	am I not allowed to follow you back 	sadness
	Wed 21st Too late for my next trip 	sadness
	won't get to watch REQUEST dance crew later :(( its just me and BT tonight	sadness
	why ppl ignore wo like them  like who ignore themall guys r same here  no1 r helpfull  ve covered me	sadness
	At my brothers friends house doing nothing This is what happens when I come back home 	sadness
	I can't talk to you while you drive -tasker DanielElliott17	sadness
	I don't think liked my philosophical 30-second synopsis of The English Patient 	sadness
	third night of feasting is officially complete 	sadness
	gutted im away this weekend and not able to meet up with u and little guy 	sadness
	Hate the fact that people are using  as an excuse to get faded every weekend at it's finest	sadness
	Can't fall back asleep 	sadness
	im PHONELESS my phone is at the sprint storesleeping there away from me lls	sadness
	well i just left my book at school soooo no essay 	sadness
	Half Blood Prince is airing for the first time ever on TV y'all HERE WE GO 	sadness
	My Rocky Horror poster just fell off of my door ): 	sadness
	Watching the football state championship ): should be us	sadness
	Live as shit at the mall American Eagle is havin a 40% off everything sale and I have no funds smh 	sadness
	Sometimes I wish I did bang with ppl in my town 4 times like this some real true friends but I dont 	sadness
	So basically we're settling on the fact he's not going to 	sadness
	Just realized that I'm allergic to my shampoo!! Great! 	sadness
	follow me  retweet me pleaseee! I guess u never saw any of my tweets asking u too :( please do it for a fan! 	sadness
	My trusty schwinn almost destroyed my face today 	sadness
	Feel weird to be back in Derby doesn't feel like home to me anymore 	sadness
	we are in the same house why could you not just say this to my face? oh thats right you have no balls 	sadness
	im so cold and my beds so empty tonight 	sadness
	SO JEALOUS! I bought the new one  can't read it till Friday 5 	sadness
	Its funny how people who follow you eventually unfollow you only because you never followed them back 	sadness
	nothing worse then a negative KD ratio 	sadness
	I still want to come to the iron bowl with youuuu   we are being separated yet again 	sadness
	and you two are amazing u truely are and I love u bothit hurts me to see u guys fight	sadness
	Alas no good trending topics to mock today 	sadness
	The worst part of my day is when i find my ice cream bowl is empty 	sadness
	Just saw an empty Summer Shandy box next to my Aunt's fridge But no Liene to be found 	sadness
	Why is it that you always manage to creep into my head and make me depressed 	sadness
	its gunna suck waking up nd not see ur face 	sadness
	Waiting to start the last show 	sadness
	i hate making a new tumblr and forgetting all the good blogs i followed before 	sadness
	Didn't get a good morning text 	sadness
	A lone jelly bean tumbles unable to escape the metal edge at the top of the escalator  	sadness
	n there's always a friend that forgets to txt yu on a daily basis	sadness
	Do you ever feel the need to sing but are not able to find the right song to sing :(	sadness
	JenBunny1985: I have nothing against ugly people just ugly people who call other people uglythat's just ridiculous	sadness
	I'm sorry I missed u moremy phone didn't send me that tweet it goes crazy after a few tweets then stops notifying me 	sadness
	A cousin keeps telling me education past high school is a sham Too bad he cant spell or make an argument correctly  	sadness
	My better half's sooooo far away I only have his shirt to hug  	sadness
	hi hello hey We did not get food today 	sadness
	so glad my parents dont have a copy of that 	sadness
	December events are filling up our calendar fast and 2012 is off to an amazing start! Nowif I could just update the dang site! 	sadness
	UGH Gonna have to re- record it tomaro  actually talk because the stupid voice over isnt working right :| 	sadness
	You're supposed to be my best friend? Haha yeah right More like backstabbing low life that tries to ruin everything for me 	sadness
	 I wish love was like volleyball You'd call 'MINE' and everyone would back off  :(	sadness
	Need a nap Then need to go shopping to fill our house again it's so empty with out :( 	sadness
	Currently dealing with second worst haircut of my adult life The first was the haircut I walked into this place to fix 	sadness
	I'm tight that I visited Port yesterday  wasn't there 	sadness
	Can't find an online rental for Jurassic Park anywhere and our VHS is f-ed up Today a tradition may get ruined 	sadness
	well if your brother and I still talked I would have an excuse to come visit you! 	sadness
	what theee they are but not you all you do is sleep in your car in the basement HAHA	sadness
	Got a lot on my mind ! But my negative tweets won't be shared	sadness
	Yesterday i have the best dream! Khloe replay to and i were so happy! It was SO real! 	sadness
	for to fall back asleep on me! :/ 	sadness
	i have moneybut not alot so i'll prob make an awesome one for you too( ohhhh what are you doing tonight?	sadness
	CLASSICO TODAY    to bad i gotta work on my portfolio /3 	sadness
	I hate rescue animals commercials They make me feel sad and sorrowful for all animals out there  	sadness
	It's whenever I start to care that I get ignored Really wish I didn't have such a big heart 	sadness
	isn't that sad though? That there's been no game that just got it completely right? 	sadness
	Currently eating the worse oatmeal ever 	sadness
	Planes Trains and Automobiles also unavailable on instant view 	sadness
	I feel like a failure at twitter not sure if I even did that right	sadness
	I gotta iPhone sucka( lol and lost all my numbers so u text me!	sadness
	I had one follower Then I lost him  On the plus side 2 more weeks till  -	sadness
	I have all these teeny tiny little cuts and knicks on my hands 	sadness
	nocticed a girl the first day she got a twitter! :( 	sadness
	Today I feel like a battle of jhonny walker I don't know why but I just wanna be drunk Might is it just 	sadness
	My best friend is leaving to the Philippines for a month :'( I have to say bye tonight! 	sadness
	when the love of your life is half way acrosss the world	sadness
	Miss my boy-toy :( can't function without him :( 	sadness
	indeed IRL time! Long overdue /cc danticoa	sadness
	MishaBarnes1: the dynamics of our ofc has gotten bitter since u left Not sure how to take that!  	sadness
	It would seems that g1 has outright blocked me on the TWITTER MASHEEN That's a damn shame he was a really cool guy 	sadness
	Due giorni fa c'era paul mccartney qui a milano e io non sono potuta andarlo a vedere 	sadness
	All packed for home and I still have 5 days left here at Bluffton :( 	sadness
	What the F  I can always craft another round Just let me know if you don't get it 	sadness
	Pastry shop isnt open today uu	sadness
	I just broke two of my lights that I was going to put around my walls  	sadness
	pfff toi et vous ne faites vraiment aucun effort pour me caser 	sadness
	Holiday is good if you've got plans I don't 	sadness
	im at  aka nationals but ur not bc ur being a soccer mom 	sadness
	I swear if my kid wasn't there   I woulda died long ago 	sadness
	Bored out of my fucking mind  	sadness
	wonder if i'll get on espn Strange how im like the only Big Star player not on ESPN 	sadness
	Seriously today is the worst day ever WTF I look like a bull frog  I can deal with a heart break but I can't deal with the ugly! 	sadness
	Ppl are going crazy now-a-days killing babies kidnapping human trafficking 	sadness
	Sadly the best part of the game tonight was seeing Lebron James in person But still:  and 	sadness
	So when practice was over I ran to the car all excited to show my dad my superb grade in geometry and he says do better 	sadness
	One of the worst feelings in the world: finally admitting you've lost that summery glow Hello pale winter 	sadness
	Thanks - I hope there's a good turnout and I wish I could be there 	sadness
	Pahahaha I'm tireDwish mah bed wuz smallerso I dnt have to wish someone else wuz in it	sadness
	I really really really wanna listen to  but I don't have them on my phone yet :c 	sadness
	tht tht comes over u when u walk into a store nd there playing u nd ur ex's song :((	sadness
	Right after you finish your essay on aphasia there is a lect on aphasia 	sadness
	Boodat! I need a protege MusicHead2011: BassMonsterTIFF when you leave there's no one to follow in your footsteps 	sadness
	stab me in the heart why don't you! lol  	sadness
	finally home ! tired AF thee sinks in I can't sleep with my baby tonight	sadness
	love you too!!! I won't get to see you this weekend! :( 	sadness
	Still don't have an advent calendar to open :( 	sadness
	Thx darlin'  I am not ready yet Much tonight He was only 12 yrs old! Taken by drunk driver :(	sadness
	I KNOW RIGHT?! my mom is all like HEALTHY FOOD HEALTHY FOOD ASLKFNEKRJN 	sadness
	Freud anatomy you have a cruel mind sometimes  	sadness
	Did not realize how excited I was to have my Netflix stream from my computer to my TV until the cords to make this happen failed 	sadness
	Disturbingly enough I've found it faster to use an old feature phone with T-9 for tweeting than a smartphone 	sadness
	girl you know I will! Lazy night in the chapter room without you 	sadness
	I wouldn't be surprised if Kris is privately mourning the loss of her Hacienda Luisita She is no longer an haciendera 	sadness
	one little exam at 7 roomies are gone not leaving til tomorrow morning 	sadness
	I really hate box stores Just remember my home town being annihilated by Wal Mart 	sadness
	just saw your tweet andddd i won't : (   i'll be working on a paper all night 	sadness
	I wish my name rhymed with something so I could have a tight twitter handle 	sadness
	Even crackers and Mac n chees isn't making this better :/ 	sadness
	 I felt bad for HUMPTY DUMPTY when i was little They never put him back together! 	sadness
	holding back tha tears and tha heartbreak Because I kno ur not worth it 	sadness
	why would you ignore it from ME though?! I started it I'm never there anymore It's a big deal when I say it	sadness
	Psyc midterm today Feeling like I'm gonna bomb 	sadness
	Last unit of pickleball in high school 	sadness
	Also my thoughts on Will's feelings may be me projecting my own feelings  	sadness
	I cnt stand spending thanksgiving wit family I dnt even like	sadness
	I would much rather soup lunch be tomorrow than on Wednesday  	sadness
	Haven't left my room today/  	sadness
	Awee  ustreams when my computer speakers don't work  my phone is being stupid ) Now iCan't watchh ! 	sadness
	I freak out over  and even offer pie and/or cake and he still isn't my best friend? 	sadness
	i hate social with the passion 	sadness
	“FelwaAlJuhaimie: want to convince her self that she has a beautiful voice :)”  	sadness
	finished season 4 of dexter 	sadness
	I got iOffered a $40k scholarship to study math in undergradand i turned it down	sadness
	Twitter is it wrong to feel  for special friends that I can never revive    etc	sadness
	Its so windy! I feel sorry for ppl who don't have heat 	sadness
	Sooo im hearing bad things for Duck fans tonightdo i need to start yelling at the tv? 	sadness
	ouch never thought a tweet could hurt so much! :(  lol	sadness
	I know :( I'm quite sad :'( I waved goodbye along with about 10 others :L they better fucking accept my friend request :L 	sadness
	Few hours to go and my bbmax subscription will expire will go back on dec 3see y'all folkspeace out!	sadness
	well Bad things happen 3's so u got one more Lol but u liked a HOTTTT dumb valley girl? Right? Right! )	sadness
	WELL i went to this picture all happy  smiling thinking it would be me  you but NOOOOOOO :(	sadness
	At Ledos found out some friends are coming down Sunday I can't see them I ain't seen them in 3 years and it keeps going:(	sadness
	Damn someone dying in the  My condolences to those that were close to him :(	sadness
	Always tired in winter Must be the darkness 	sadness
	Hey everyone server official close will probably be tomorrow & I can't return home then it will be later  	sadness
	I can't sing right now because I have a sore throat  I love this song too 	sadness
	Haha Kens tweet made me lol and now back to my seriousness smh!	sadness
	Goodbye  you will be missed  Enjoy your life of being subjected to playing DVDs  	sadness
	okay but i have a feeling when that time comes you'll become silent and it wont happen 	sadness
	i near what will u do go ahead shed those tears U will feel better once u see it is alright for a good man too cry	sadness
	It pains my heart to see leave 	sadness
	People talk about me like if they even know my story 	sadness
	GradingIf I give a take home quiz over break I am obviously gonna collect it and grade it! 	sadness
	I wish!! You said you were busy all week and we couldn't do trivia and now I'm stuck re-tiling Isabelle's shower 	sadness
	got on twitter saw it was snowing got outside yea it's pouring down rain 	sadness
	i need a vacation junk food retail therapy a biiiig hug  a bottle and a blunttt 	sadness
	sorry tryina help u out bud i mean u need laid  someone hop on josh like hop on pop minus perversion	sadness
	Oh no! RT BryTupper: Since you're taking steroids I'm sorry but your dreams of playing professional ball are now over	sadness
	i needa change all my TI backgroundssighlol	sadness
	shot of the day! RT phir aap mere husband ko follow karo tho behtar hai :p	sadness
	Today the woman who has looked after my daughter so I could write my book is leaving She is more than a nanny 	sadness
	This little girl's death in Canton GA just broke up my Christmas bubble a little There really are monsters in this world 	sadness
	Feel like the biggest asshole in the world right now Prolly gunns kill myself noe 	sadness
	Looking through the pictures on my phone and seeing that I only have two pictures with 	sadness
	idk about that last one guys  wasnt so good  needs laid we find some help or end him	sadness
	Sometimes I cry  no one knows how hard it is to have your best friend in another flipping country 	sadness
	girl i miss you too!   I LOVE YOU TOO!  we need to skype soon!	sadness
	My little spoon (Lauren__Boyce) didn't visit me today:( 	sadness
	Found my first gray hair today  	sadness
	Walking in the dark stepping on something paper + instantly realizing I just stepped on my Gaga poster  	sadness
	Spent half of my money at the mall today 	sadness
	Ugh the rain has ruined my toms nooooooo 	sadness
	At least I hope so My visa is still under assessment 	sadness
	I love but he doesn't love me back :( 	sadness
	my heart just broke a little when i remembered all my coffee cups are in my office no coffee this morning 	sadness
	Still can't believe has left  so SAD Love u always Mr Bell 	sadness
	I can't leave for lunch for another hour and all I'm doing is searching for pix of Todd Haley yelling to sigh over 	sadness
	can't call sex line Has to be 18 	sadness
	I made a point to get my girls together and go lingerie shopping on Sunday bc what I have now is lol	sadness
	He don't love melike helove his IPhone 	sadness
	wanna call me you broken girl! But are those guess jeanns that ripped 	sadness
	I lost my  pin today 	sadness
	My newer slightly-preferred non-Starbucks coffee shop in WestCo closed 	sadness
	I hate waking up in the morning and my babes not there next to me :( 	sadness
	I wish I was in london so I could go to trafalgar square I wish I could meet you all 	sadness
	today was national kiss day and my boyfriend wasnt here :( 	sadness
	So I deleted the angry birds app on my phone because I didn't know how toplay :( 	sadness
	And here come the tears  I wish my life was a chick flick 	sadness
	That awkward moment when a fat guy cockblocks you away from a hot guy 	sadness
	you lucky duck!!! i live in michigan where NO ONE comes 	sadness
	Got my script for the play!! Kinda sad w/ my talking amount 	sadness
	I almost feel sry for people who allow their futures be as empty as their minds 	sadness
	hi sexc i miss you we didnt play this weekend 	sadness
	we should be watching right now at the brat stop sending you my love hope to see you guys soon!	sadness
	If cute guys think I'm attractive then why don't I think I'm attractive? 	sadness
	Life is just an  Can't believe I'm heading home I will miss my friends 	sadness
	last month I bought tickets to the zoo and now I can't afford the train fare to get there   :( 	sadness
	Why do u continue to speak to Jepthe and u no longer speak to me ???? 	sadness
	My throat's still in pain Darn it seriously destroyed my plans for the weekend 	sadness
	Me siento mal porque mi chino amigo decidio cerrar sus puertas en este dia feriado y no puedo ir a comprar cosas a un lugar cerca 	sadness
	I would go shopping tonight but I don't have any money to shop with 	sadness
	ugh I can't leave twitter but but need tooo -- 	sadness
	Walking down the street and my knee just gave out on me When I fell it looked like haha	sadness
	Aww I just saw a commercial for the Hallmark recording stories A troop got a Charlie Brown one from his son and wife( 	sadness
	Grease burns hurt like a mother 	sadness
	i wish i had time to work out during the week 	sadness
	la fama es solo apariencia en la farandula hay mucha  suelta que termina siendo inspiracion para muchas jovencitas 	sadness
	I miss everyone I used to be close with :(( I want those friendships back 	sadness
	WHAT THE FUCKING FUCK SERIOUSLY???????? How do I ALWAYS miss when Pierce the Veil comes here??!?!?! 	sadness
	Computer over heating I'm scare it's going to die soon! :(	sadness
	for sure! and they've taken a nosedive since then kind of like EP after Irtiqa 	sadness
	ah right cool suregrey tooth   	sadness
	Got completely soaked walking to the caf Now I'm uncomfortable 	sadness
	She don't trust me and I don't trust hersmh 	sadness
	Looking at second grade math and then   Looking at my math I miss the easy days 	sadness
	can't feel the Christmas spirit yet (( 	sadness
	:( I'm in Alexandria with hosanna Oh my goodness am I depressed   	sadness
	Yes and I see nothing!  No shit no fancy cologne all 	sadness
	my chicken came out mostly good But there was red on part of (down near the bone) no one ate it But still It makes me sad	sadness
	Only my parents could make pedophile jokes during Willy Wonka  	sadness
	Falling out of cars in your new jeans and getting mud all over them right before going to a party is NOT cool :( 	sadness
	That moment when you and that one person have nothinq to talk about but you still want to be textinq him 	sadness
	They don't get Fox here anymore so no Packers/ Lions tomorrow 	sadness
	righto carries near every lbj9 even the china's but not the hurricanes how will I complete my collection now :)	sadness
	My upstairs neighbors must be really really sad They are absolutely blaring Joni Mitchell's Blue 	sadness
	needs a profile pic n someone needs to  bad  end his 	sadness
	All I could hear after reading that were the sounds of those gobblers I've heard on occasion lmao 	sadness
	lmao girl i had nothing else to do RT startin yah work late young lady Lmfao	sadness
	OMFG I KNEW IT NICCOS GAY TOO WHAT IS MY LIFE I MOVE AWAY FOR A COUPLE MONTHS AND NOW YOU LIKE DICK 	sadness
	Antoine Carr man those were the days RT NepeanTX: Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	Just got an event invite for the last thirsty thursday at Annies till it reopens next year 	sadness
	How do you have a 300 dollar weave and still look terrible!?! 	sadness
	What fucking basketball team doesn't have a number 24 Settling for 22 	sadness
	i still remember when i first met salma she thought i was a mean lemon :( laneisha did too 	sadness
	Chuck just filmed their final episode :( 	sadness
	I didn't see your beautiful face today 	sadness
	Tech is pretty awful AND didn't answer when I called her on the school phone 	sadness
	Watching the last  episodeI cried and I'm still crying :'( why is every end so sad?? 	sadness
	I'm at a spring lake party an you are not here 	sadness
	I bet! When I watched soap operas back in the day the news would cut in the middle of pivotal moments haha	sadness
	it's the end of the week and we didn't do lunch next week needs to happen!	sadness
	deciding to write you my second letter as you didnt get the first one for some reason :( 	sadness
	Thisthis Is what I fucking hate I just wish I could read your mind 	sadness
	Just got home from my first duty at al-sad PECwawa mga baby kapag extract ng blooddi q ata kakayanin 	sadness
	School = Sickness Pre-shifting weeks = Epidemic Shifting week = Pandemic 	sadness
	They started construction on the lot next to our house 	sadness
	That feel when you're in love with a girl who lives a thousand miles away 	sadness
	Last day off until five days straight of work 	sadness
	andd here we go week 16 final week  	sadness
	 is when my Bff moved to another country  I cried till i couldn't cry anymore	sadness
		Como una expresión tan simple una sola oración puede llegara dañarte tanto 	sadness
	We're sorry but the clip you selected isn't available from your location Please select another clip NO I REFUSE 	sadness
	My heart and soul is leaving me and I can't even see here 	sadness
	morning :) oh what a bad episode to come in towards the end And only 1 more episode?? 	sadness
	Working on this third drink tho  Someone is tryna challenge me to a cook off they've already  	sadness
	sounds awful but alot of people are dying recently :(( 	sadness
	Feeling left out I guess I always have my boyfriend 	sadness
	I only have two class periods left with my favorite teacher 	sadness
	been awake since 4:30am too tired for black friday fun 	sadness
	Thanks but I think a puck to the eye means he probably will stay clear of the Garden 	sadness
	I can't believe I'm saying this but Room 112 by 112 is a big ass simp album 	sadness
	Naubusan kami ng slot sa 5k ng MILO MARATHON :| 	sadness
	haha nah For the most part im done skating for the season unless we get some really nice days It's just to cold 	sadness
	If nobody makes plans by tomorrow morning I'm gonna finally watch all those SVU episodes crowding my DVR   	sadness
	staging environment private server logged in to back-end CMS opening the front-end in new window too many connections WTF? 	sadness
	sleepy time cant wait to work with tomorrow considering her days are numbered 	sadness
	I want cake I bet we don't have any 	sadness
	Packing to leave tomorrow 	sadness
	Is wanting to be healthy to join me back in the paint 	sadness
	Lol! I just did too RT I forced some down anyway lol I'll regret it later RT im_a_KEY_pa: No room for dessert 	sadness
	I meet Santa Claus!!!! He said he couldn't bring me justinbieber:( me and we're sad 	sadness
	I'll miss watching Buehrle on the south side He was my favorite White Sox player 	sadness
	Back from the hospital just in time for a tutorial Today will not be a good day  	sadness
	no matter how much i love her or tweet her will never tweet me back 	sadness
	Last day of art appreciation class 	sadness
	dude wants to drive to crafton for pot now we're all even fanzinator josh is the one needing laid tho help him guys	sadness
	Radio degraded from some good songs to absolute shit 	sadness
	Dick Vitale is calling the Ohio State/Duke game 	sadness
	this year for the first time in my life I will not have a christmas tree in my home 	sadness
	Man these Indian rappers from Brampton are almost as bad as the black ones 	sadness
	I wonder if my new emoticon keyboard works in Twitter  It does! Probably only visible to iPhone/iPad users tho 	sadness
	Really wanna go see the lights on the cumberland but the weather just won't cooperate 	sadness
	hey JaimelynArmy i miss you new friend 	sadness
	you guys missed out on free shots from nick! We got them right after you left 	sadness
	Not even worth a rejection letter 	sadness
	If you've never liked Nickelback then you pretty much wasted most of your life  	sadness
	I'm exhausted but can't sleep  I just want my nap  	sadness
	The that was filling this  from her from his  will linger here well after we leave  will feel it one day	sadness
	2 more days of this break :( I don't want it to end 	sadness
	God don't show me any more I don't think my heart can take it 	sadness
	Someone went thru our mail and tore open my mom's bday card to me! Looking for $? Our neighbor on another street brought it over 	sadness
	I saw a dead Cardinal outside at lunch I don't think it's a coincidence  	sadness
	Today was a sad day :( Im gonna miss you Emily  	sadness
	D'oh RTTBONEWFNZ: Anna Kooiman leaving   Excuse me for a second I need to collect my thoughts 	sadness
	Spanish is the worst class My teacher has been out for two weeks and my peers are proletariats 	sadness
	Jamming to Pandoratrying to bring some light to my bday weekendI really wish I was able to go home and be with my family	sadness
	Sooooo Tired but I want to watch a movie 	sadness
	Camping out in KateMoff33's room because a giant pile of laundry was put on my bed and I have no time for such things 	sadness
	Pain is my happinessdarkness is my light I'm one big void of nothingness	sadness
	It's not a proper relationship without friendship But how do you get it back? 	sadness
	Just made it north of the Mason-Dixon line 	sadness
	Sitting here depressed n staring into space 	sadness
	Back to the real world!!  	sadness
	Ça me manque de ne pas mettre mon doigt dans les narines de mon frere et de cramer les cheveux de mon colombinus d'amour ! 	sadness
	I'm going to miss staring angrily at and in the hallways this week 	sadness
	really? mcdonalds cafe machine isnt workingno peppermint hot chocolate): 	sadness
	 you put clothes in the washing machine   forget the main thing you wanted to wash  	sadness
	cutting off my camp bracelets is such a sad ritual I mus be reeeeaaalllyy dedicated to this play 	sadness
	State of certainty to state of confusion just like that	sadness
	Cody won't be coming anywhere NEAR where I live At all )	sadness
	Tech is as invigorating as ever is near asleep  	sadness
	One of those nights when all I wanna do is listen to my iPod and hide under the covers 	sadness
	GOSH! I miss football so much! 	sadness
	alot of ppl r sad that their brother is going to college  leaving them well im sad i cant sell my brother on e-bay shit 	sadness
	I found JhunJhun! And my phone is finally and officially broken Lol Also when am I beating you at tennis again? )	sadness
	I'm home watchin this sad movie Missing college 	sadness
	Today after mass and I stop by 's house after mass to only be disappointed that no one was home :( 	sadness
	“kgoradio: 8 people shot in West Oakland  All stable but at least 1 serious injury” Unfortunately no one is surprised Hella :(	sadness
	Guess I'll give up on using the internet for now and do something useful for a change  	sadness
	this 19 yearold eats 30000calories a day   ohmygod  	sadness
	I would LOVE to see!! Desperate to seealas no tickets available this weekend:(	sadness
	awww so close to seeing at the soundcheck party on tuesday but i have school  :( 	sadness
	 JUST CONFIRMED I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO LOOKS AT THE NBA SCHEDULE DAILY 	sadness
	TEARS ARE AH FORM OF PROTECTIONIS NOT MY DIRECTION	sadness
	i just wanna listen to music but my stupid ass ipod is broke -__- :'( 	sadness
	Sucks when you don't have wifi and you dont have your cell phone and ou can't get on twitter 	sadness
	I missed  I was so exhausted from  that I fell asleep! :'(	sadness
	I know im sorry RT ChristyyBeEasyy: you betterill try and forgive you not being here for my big 21	sadness
	nm just lying on bed sad bout people I can't have lol 	sadness
	Asked a kid how old he thought I was his answer: 25 thank goodness I got my lancome stuffs!  	sadness
	SHIT!!!!!!!! I ran outta fruity pebbles! Dam :(  	sadness
	And my black Friday shift begins  	sadness
	Realistic bad dreams really suck especially when about someone close to you Must resist urge to call them at 3 am 	sadness
	Ehexam finals time 	sadness
	I made a Highlander reference last night about how there can be only one black guy at the party Only ONE person got it 	sadness
	i can't watch KKTNY cause i don't have cable ): 	sadness
	I wanted Taylor Swift or Katy Perry to be nominated for album of the yearawk  	sadness
	Harry's life is tragic His hug bounced like spalding and he was out of coverage area when he reached the house 	sadness
	I'm at red square in canal its separate shop filled with weirdos who are very sexual and boring I wanna be in wharf☹	sadness
	Senior year set in yesterday  an i never could sleep good 	sadness
	This house feels so empty without my Scout Also missing Dad a lot today 	sadness
	I miss   Like this tour needs to hurry :( 	sadness
	am not gonna watch barcelona match today '( 	sadness
	Ouu Ouch That hurts Dave really does I'm going to go cry in the corner now :( 	sadness
	Gonna miss release show because I got asked to work 	sadness
	Not even Juwan Howard or Grant Hill RT NepeanTX: Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	Noooo! The true end of an era 	sadness
	Apparently Maldonado has signed with Williams for next yearso sadly I think Rubens' F1 driving life is over :/ 	sadness
	how to ruin a perfectly good night: my fridge is so cold it separated the most delicious vanilla frosting ever 	sadness
	Missed Amazing Race  60 minutes cut into the TiVo  	sadness
	Hope you can make it up soon! RT Silently dying while Twitter explodes with posts of and  	sadness
	I lost my heart in the beginnings of winter And I was so convinced 	sadness
	looks like its  again maybe it will snow enough so we can have a snow day Oh wait Im an adult now  	sadness
	On sad thing about  waking up the smell of great food nd knowing it can't be touched till later 	sadness
	got excited because we had chex mix at homeopened the bag and realized someone ate all the good stuff and just left chex 	sadness
	I swear every night I just creep my timeline till I reach where I left off 	sadness
	i got work no morning fun for me :( 	sadness
	No matter how much I wanna ask one simple question I know that it might ruin our friendship 	sadness
	My feather just fell out of my hair in the shower 	sadness
	no passive aggressive tweets tonight? 	sadness
	hope you have a good break I didn't get to tell you bye today 	sadness
	ya know I texted u today! And u did not text back :( 	sadness
	Will you backdate city badges soon? I did my massive Europe tour with check-ins last year 	sadness
	I said no to the same boy like 5 times last night! 	sadness
	 missing nugget night but thanksgiving dinner is a solid replacement&  	sadness
	For the record I'm cool with virgins but these roommates are completely destroying feminism 	sadness
	every night fake smiles every morning	sadness
	You know you're having a shitty day when your profile picture stops moving 	sadness
	is my ginger gal at Subway transferred Now I have to spell-out my order every AM	sadness
	Python friend is explaining to me how he wrote his own CMS I cannot seem to convince him to dump his crappy host and learn Django 	sadness
	I hate it when you talk to someone every single day and then it just stops All of a sudden neither of you say a word to each other 	sadness
	I really can't be nice to some people without them getting the wrong idea 	sadness
	im not gonna lie my family celebrates christmas without christmas trees where's the festivity?!?!? 	sadness
	I really want to go black Friday shopping but I have no one to go with  	sadness
	My brand new machete needs sharpening after my first shave with it  	sadness
	Actually crying because of gossip girl   	sadness
	ooooh early shifts ooh my dear early shifts why don't you all go to f**k off! 	sadness
	Our main server got borked!  Check here for deals instead!  	sadness
	So I think im watching a good movie and then they kill the little boy WTF 	sadness
	I got my retainer on today It feels so weird I can't sleep because I keep touching it with my tongue 	sadness
	Missing Judas Priest's farewell tour in Toronto tonight 	sadness
	when creepy people don't get the hint to stop texting you 	sadness
	This damn strip club is wacky as 	sadness
	I hate it when I cant help someone when they feel sad It makes me sad  	sadness
	MILF_Squared: don't you dare waste a Daryl by turning him in to a walker! amcShame you dont sell outside the USA 	sadness
	these ads that come on the side saying flirting has never been so easy man why is the world filled with desperate people i say 	sadness
	i dn't even get wat actually happeni just felt useless nw	sadness
	The break up scene in The Notebook  :(	sadness
	sounds like fun! ^^ btw can't wait to hear you sing more and more :) AMAZING VOICE 3  	sadness
	I'm going to feel extremely hungry tomorrow from not enjoying the yearly Thanksgiving meal 	sadness
	Singing Someone like you in a car in the rain with meganconnell1 What is this an ABC family movie?  	sadness
	The 3 reasons I miss living in Houston: Zio's Gringos and Casa Ole The food of my childhood! 	sadness
	Uhhh Migraine Go away!! I'm not sure if I'm about to pass out or vomit Uhh I wish someone was here to hold me! 	sadness
	Tu me manques nos tiny me manque nos délires me manque vivement qu'on rattrape le temps perdu mon chou 3 :(	sadness
	man must now leave the warmth of my pvt bath and heater to brave the cold and wet outside to go food shopping 	sadness
	didn't buy a wii/zelda today and all I can think about is how much I wanna play skyward sword 	sadness
	study sesh for evaaa this week? And me giving you your bday gifts?! Last day of owning godfreys and it's raining 	sadness
	Josh doesn't like Christmas music 	sadness
	My dog has an ear infection taking to the vet now:( 	sadness
	been home for the past 45 min and iv been working on homework :'( break is so over 	sadness
	Only you can make me fly to the moon and fall to the earth 	sadness
	Most people are secret haters They throw salt in the low! 	sadness
	For the first time this entire week im going to bed before 4 am 	sadness
	if was swoll like paul sr maybe he could get laid  still watching American chopper wit him n fanzinator	sadness
	I wish I lived on the West Coast so it would be 3 hours earlier and it would be 7:35 pm instead of 10:35 pm 	sadness
	Had the BEST Thanksgiving in a while Well except for the part where my cousin-in-law's gram died You will be greatly missed Gram! 	sadness
	The mechanic was going to let me take it away but then he returned broken brake in hand 	sadness
	in pratica stasera ho scoperto che devo spaccarmi il culo in due che l'importante è il nome e per il nome devo accumulare soldi 	sadness
	super tempting However thats like 4 hours away 	sadness
	I seriously need to get a job all this free time to sit   think is not good at all 	sadness
	On another note: Tonight I noticed great  and dead-end  on a lot of people's eyes  and   	sadness
	i hate the song FA LA LA :DD i don't want to hear that anymore sorry beliebers i don't really like the song when i heard it  	sadness
	lagii sedih niih :'( data ke format tiink mna ada video klipnya kamilah lagii 	sadness
	dang I didn't make the 6 words post I 	sadness
	Christopher!!You followed methen UNFOLLOWED me! What a tease! You give me joy  then rip it out from under me 	sadness
	Hey I'm just wondering if were still friends? Last time I checked friends hand with other friends  	sadness
	It is 4 minutes until Cody Simpson in NYC and im not there you'll do great love 33	sadness
	Oh and instead of playing Apples to Apples with his family I watched the Dolphins lose By one Freaking Point 	sadness
	WAS excited for some late-night painting last nightbut when I opened my new paints the yellow was all dried out  	sadness
	I´m a fool for hating the wrong person for the right reasons and not hating the right person for the wrong reasons  	sadness
	sounds like a perfect night that I miss spending with you! 	sadness
	when you say you're from guilderland all the local college kids think you're a spoiled rich fag  	sadness
	Unjust! I wanted Brian to liiiiiiiive Also I spoiled myself so now I know my chocolate cop dies 	sadness
	Feel free to! Just be warned I'm a Fattie McFattie Weighed myself the other day and I'm the heaviest I've ever been 	sadness
	Sudden pain under my tongue  has forced me to remove 9 yr old tongue ring Is it time to let it go?  HELP bkangel1617	sadness
	Ordered a pair o Nike's from on friday still on being processed on monday	sadness
	It's sad  People hate on you because your being you and they can't lol 	sadness
	First mark of the year Dayum what a bad bad mark 	sadness
	the last season part two I can't stand to buy it and recognize its over 	sadness
	Love/hate relationship with rain today: It allowed me to take my first weekday nap ALL year but cancelled my evening plans 	sadness
	I've just realized tonight it'll be the last Sectionals with the actual awesome cast :(  	sadness
	I'm literally finding stuff I've been looking for since the 9th grade but I still can't find what I'm looking for right now 	sadness
	im glad can laugh at his no one else is laughing wait everyone is 	sadness
	since i got an iphone i tweet like less than half the amount that i used to 	sadness
	I love Christmas music more than any other kind but I only get to enjoy it for two months per year Luckily it's !	sadness
	i miss when MTV was all about Pimp My Ride and Yo Momma 	sadness
	i think u miss oppai miss my navigator oppacoz today he not living some twitt 	sadness
	: on the weekdays the food is awful lol Brunch on the weekends are ok 	sadness
	 doesnt suck its ur interpretations that are suck Drop them Follow me for reminders  	sadness
	I made 2 pumpkin pies and only had 1 small slice :'( 	sadness
	Dixieland Delight is on the radio 	sadness
	Just received a brand new  but it seems to hate my SIM card   support tells me they don't know whats wrong :( 	sadness
	Missed the bus :'( cold bored  on my todd 	sadness
	nooott even dey jus can't get enough so they cheat when one pussy is not available dey go hunt  ah suh mi see it! 	sadness
	Your my parents I shouldn't have to change to make you love me You should love me as I am  ?	sadness
	 having my heart brokenI hope to never go through a pain like that again 	sadness
	Been up all night I dozed off once n woke up n thought it all was a dream But then I realized he was really gone 	sadness
	I always miss it when you are on replying to people! oh well maybe next time 3	sadness
	Such a sad day when my first boss and owner of Newberry's one screen theatre dies 	sadness
	Oh I just got home and find out that I could of gone to the surprise at 3:30 :| 	sadness
	Regrets not buying a raf fair isle this season 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you feel like you've killed a good conversation :/	sadness
	Goodbye snow here's the rain ☔ 	sadness
	Can't believe that we have to go back to school tomorrow 	sadness
	What is a mid season finally and why is The Walking Dead doing it? 	sadness
	people let high school change them way too easily 	sadness
	No Pan Am tonight T Swift is super awkward btw 	sadness
	Hopes  dreams were crushedpush me down some stairsnow -___-  Why mess with my head?!!?	sadness
	You might as well I can't eat the food likes to make 	sadness
	Better get my butt to bed No sleeping in tomorrow 	sadness
	My inner clock woke me up 8 i dont have class till 11  	sadness
	 has a broken thumb on throwing hand Out 6-8 weeks exams/likely surgery tomorrow  	sadness
	I look at her pictures every night I miss her so much Why did I do this 	sadness
	My monopoly ticket things from McDonalds expired :(	sadness
	Dear ryanmrhodes Bummer! Been in Ellwood City all weekend with and family Good times but i sure do miss you guys 	sadness
	I think I will be reduced to tears at Westlife's farewell tour next year :( 	sadness
	This awkward moment that you woke up happily then ended up annoyed and sad with a fight with him 	sadness
	Listening to Wiz Khalifa makes it feel like summer again 	sadness
	Bringing my computer to the computer doctor :( Hopefully I can take it home tonight!  	sadness
	---- My awesome theme for me solo piece :) --- :(	sadness
	All I listen to lately is mayday parade  	sadness
	GUYS! On the TV guide it said on the spot was on so I of course clickes but it WASNT! 	sadness
	3 days in Bed  z current situation could only bring    I hope i wont commit a Suicide	sadness
	I'm glad you can tweet but not text back 	sadness
	First failure = big deal!!! :(	sadness
	I'm not totally sober and I'm at home 	sadness
	You know you're getting old when your baby brother starts driving 	sadness
	is going to make me not use twitter anymore cuz you dont love me 	sadness
	I forgot to set  on my dvr I won't see  go HAM on christina aguilera or justin bieber or kelly clarkson 	sadness
	Ate someone elses pizza A mom  two young kids reading They are without power We feel bad 	sadness
	There should be a law saying a girl should never weigh more than her boyfriend I mean how do you work with that 	sadness
	righther lips looked bout crusty as a pie edge 	sadness
	at this point I'm just looking for friends in general   	sadness
	That last sip of Starbucks Breakfast Blend 	sadness
	Deactivated the  account from my device No longer tweeting for the program It really is over 	sadness
	Missing you lots already Soumya Jain! Can't wait till you're done your degree and en route back home forever! 	sadness
	Funny how some of my friends geek out with guys who are loaded (Definition of loaded to them: type of car the dude drives) HA! 	sadness
	sitting here sober when other people are drunk 	sadness
	I second thatthis whole week will be full of coke days 	sadness
	Sad day just got denied indoor  ruined my life for the next like 2 weeks	sadness
	Thanks you still hold the title  he's just jealous of my great looks 	sadness
	Missing my boyfriend my family and friends really bad tonight 	sadness
	hanging out with my mom and meme :) all that's missing is cals! 	sadness
	still feeling a lil downits crazy how you are not here any more and all im left is memories	sadness
	Damn I wish Saints Row 2 had a greaser gang 	sadness
	Why Would you compare yourself to global warming -- 	sadness
	only just realised was on for half hourwish it was on for a hourits goodfunny :L	sadness
	His phone is turned off now :( I won't get to talk to him until his brother gets home so he can use his phone 	sadness
	listening to paradise by such amazing memories to this tune last weekends anthem!!  	sadness
	io oggi dovevo semplicemente fare l'alberoperchè mi ritrovo a dover rimettere in ordine camera mia? 	sadness
	I really wish I had my long hair back 	sadness
	Es en noches asi q lo unico q quiero es hablar con una amigaaaa y nadie quiere nadie atiende lo q sea Me fui a ver awkward :( 	sadness
	Dude I thought you were going to call me! 	sadness
	I miss middle school:( dancing at those multicultural shows getting to spend the whole day with my best friend 	sadness
	it better start soon Or this girl might die 	sadness
	Party game! Only one more day in drama  	sadness
	Thought i saw cory monteith at the bus stop It wasnt him 	sadness
	Dammit I wish my friend was my girlfriend :/ Why can't she be bi or something 	sadness
	Taking a break from weed for a bit 	sadness
	ridiculous how much that tweet relates to my daily life 	sadness
	Damn this b ball trip isnt gonna be the same without 	sadness
	I'm dissappointed We agreed at the river that waz gojng to be dedicated to me 	sadness
	That was a good game wish the dolphins won though lol 	sadness
	Gay marriage isn't legal yet and I found out my ex is already engaged  	sadness
	Received a sad news from overseasI will miss you Tita SarahThanks for loving us U are safer there now w/o all d pain  	sadness
	Fuck  YOU! RT She has the ass of a 14 year old Asian girl 	sadness
	So much for losing something Going to fat burger for dinner with dad   	sadness
	what! why?! its not like its a human or plastic surgery??& -__- 	sadness
	Read through all 100 issues of Ultimate X-Men man was that series cut short our what! Ultimatum really screwed these guys over 	sadness
	I Love You  *Ughhghghghg* Im Sick Of Writing This Everyday  You Dont Even Notice Me :( ! 	sadness
	is riding to work on his motorcycle : always	sadness
	I never fail to get sick during dead week  	sadness
	 lossfeeling so many different emotions     You left my life too soon	sadness
	you've abandoned me on the chats of late forcing me to resort to tweeting 	sadness
	Aw :( late and got the back of the class 	sadness
	kickin 20 yrs down in a month and I havent even hung out in a kangaroos pouch 	sadness
	Every time I watch Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire I'm like Cedric won't die this time! He can't! And he always does :( 	sadness
	I wanna be a little kid again these teenage girl problems are to much to handle :( 	sadness
	Dejá pasar a la señora es de las frases más crueles que te pueden decir por la calle unos chiquillos jugando a la pelota 	sadness
	Heartbroken that Robin will never have kids sorry for the spoiler 	sadness
	I'm hoping you wished for a snow day tomorrow? cuzz i missed it 	sadness
	hates me It's official Any depressing status I ever have is due to the emotional bullying of him and his cruel words	sadness
	My twitter is not working :( I can't tweet from Twitter or see my mentions 	sadness
	Headed to  for a loaner phone RIP Blackberrylove you long time 	sadness
	you'll like my profile picture but not message me back? & 	sadness
	I love you But I love Craig too What a dilemma 	sadness
	Somewhere in my house a very Loyal Blackberry is being ignored 	sadness
	Pumpkin spice latte way too sweet?  Is this what having adult taste buds is like?  I'm frustrated that I can't finish this thing  	sadness
	 RT IretiTheGuru: The main people you look at forare the ones that  bread on your name! 	sadness
	I feel old I don't recognize any Disney Channel shows and now I'm older than most of the stars  	sadness
	Syd is sick D': my poor little froggy If he doesn't make it at least he lived a long life :c 	sadness
	so much stuff that I have no clue about I thought bestows were supposed to tell each other everything 	sadness
	I need more sleep and is being a meanie today! 	sadness
	Not going to lie made my stomach hurt all day! 	sadness
	The only thing worse than a skinny chick who think she's fat is a skinny chick who think she's thick!!! Smh 	sadness
	Just finished my last episode of Glee on Netflix 	sadness
	This BCS show is like the NCAAB Tourney selection show Except after announcing the teams all but 2 are immediately eliminated 	sadness
	Working out without a spotter is like peanut butter without jelly 	sadness
	So my wonderful fishy died because our other fish killed it!  all the while we thought they were just playing around ):	sadness
	the moment when ur dress wont fit cause ur butts to big 	sadness
	Why wont my 2nd video upload!!!!!!! :( maybe tomorrow 	sadness
	Dang my barber dont work Saturday! I have to wait till next week for a haircut! 	sadness
	I really want to watch every single disney movie I have but I can't because my VHS-player is broken 	sadness
	seems to b lack of sunshine in ur life coz sunshine cannot be generated in ur mind Sun is outside mind always shining 	sadness
	So I have to say bye to 2 people I really care about all in one day:(& 	sadness
	DARN YOU SCHOOL I WANTED TO GO TO A CONCERT TODAY!!!!:( 	sadness
	Team swag! I am going to miss all of you people so much! BAH 	sadness
	My brothers making fun of my music :(	sadness
	But it's not about the money money money As I said I won't see my crush 	sadness
	Boys don't cry doesn't have a good end i'm afraid 	sadness
	wow six of my ten fingernails broke this week 	sadness
	Excuse me Kurt How did I not know you had a twitter? And why haven't I seen you lately? 	sadness
	Mrs Kelli's no longer exists! It's now called Fleet Street Irish Pub and apparently is really nice with great food  	sadness
	Probably gonna miss most of the grey cup cuz of workwork and homework 	sadness
	Let's go fuck shit up!!! Awww we can't leave we don't have keys Wordz2LizBy	sadness
	I thought your twitter had been deactivated! It wouldn't let me mention you in mine :( 	sadness
	I hate when animal cruelty commercials come on Makes me wanna crawl in a hole and die  	sadness
	Sometimes I wish I could have you as more than a friend Each day its harder to just say sup dude Knowing I wanna say more yo	sadness
	I want to cry my frustration out but I don't even have time to do that 	sadness
	I still can't belive that Chuck is going to end  A nerd a spy and a colonel that they've change my life  I miss you :(	sadness
	yeah I GUESS I can wait! And I'm leaning towards McNattie Ps You no longer rhyme with me 	sadness
	I can help with suicide note  RT BrendaThoka: Sometimes I really really hate life  	sadness
	It seems as i gain a follower i lose one Stuck at 123 	sadness
	Yes!  Dan Aykroyd and John Candy!   aw Heart attack joke  	sadness
	RTFina11yMadeIt: Everyone is gifted but some people never open their presents!!! 	sadness
	Blacks search their entire genealogy to find one person tht wasn't jus so they can say they 1/4 _____ 	sadness
	Sleep time! Finally after a day full of (mostly about  )	sadness
	i already got all my christmas presents so i have nothing to open 	sadness
	besides what incentives do u even have to offer gay couples to be criminalizing their marriage 	sadness
	I was looking forward to my pasta dinner today  	sadness
	Aww I don't think we have Basketball practice this week ☹	sadness
	Dennis just pulled a paper crane out of his pocket and let it fall to the ground and told me I wasn't getting another one 	sadness
	I just realised to go to bed I'm going to have to take off my party hat 	sadness
	Feel Bad Today :( In Desperate Need Of A Hug 	sadness
	Her apologies dont help the fact that my face hurts!  	sadness
	Games I love to play on the original Xbox: Buffy Voodoo Vince Games I don't have for original Xbox: Buffy Voodoo Vince 	sadness
	just left and and im pretty sure I'm gonna cry myself to sleep tonight 	sadness
	This tweet was sent to vent my feelings 	sadness
	I forced some down anyway lol I'll regret it later RT im_a_KEY_pa: No room for dessert 	sadness
	My dad took the ipod in the beginning of my gift and my curse Since its pandora i cant get it back  	sadness
	Trying to find something to about the place but I have found I have done everything already :c 	sadness
	I'm in a  kinda mood but with that comes because today'sChildren can't get the Disney experience we had	sadness
	Seriously wish I knew my credit card number off by heart 	sadness
	I gotta start paying attention! I missed my 1400th tweet! 	sadness
	Goood Thing Coach Gibson Loves Me Cause I'm Late Every Single Day  	sadness
	Ver capítulos de Boston Legal  :) que sea la última temporada :(	sadness
	unfortunately no too long of a drive for just the day :(	sadness
	in Grand Rapids tomorrow? Missing it 	sadness
	Currently wishing I was at the Taylor Swift concert at MSG tonight Havn't been to a concert in a while 	sadness
	Im now missing an integral part of my story :-\  	sadness
	: I feel upset about this scandal I was speechless and I feel like i failed miserably No u didn't	sadness
	oh yes haha and I watched the game So the haven't lost this many in a row in like 20 years 	sadness
	Damn it! is out of the XV!! I can't even buy a bottle for home! 	sadness
	Mera bi lai laiti hain ami waisey =D magar phir 3 days baad wapis daiti hain Ya tou one week 	sadness
	Aww the world's oldest dog dies in Japan! I always see that dog in the news 	sadness
	thanx for ur support! Don't be bummed the will still be completely mental  )	sadness
	wish I could grow a good looking beard 	sadness
	what? You left without saying good bye? 	sadness
	Who else is sad that Jim Gleason is currently out of the office?    	sadness
	This sickness and her silent treatment blew the winds out of my confession sails 	sadness
	shit nabura lht ng files ko sa USB ksama pa nmn dun ung mga pics ng  =(( un	sadness
	Someone needs to invent a dream recorder Cause I be so sad when I forget my dreams 	sadness
	my rolex finally got to the right time so I had to sleep in it to keep it rolling in fear it will stop time again 	sadness
	if she's lost in our twitter convo shell never keep up in real convo 	sadness
	When I go home shit don't look the same 	sadness
	I missed the leadership training today 	sadness
	Going somewhere to get baked chicken then finding out they baked it in gravy   	sadness
	That awkward moment when your DAD asks you when you're getting a boyfriend 	sadness
	Kind miss playing EVE Online still It just eats up wayyyy too much time 	sadness
	Horrible gaming from last nite - he received his 1st Rough Day ribbon in  - Most Deaths in a Match 	sadness
	The moment when your girlfriend is too busy to text you cause she is playing video games  and :P	sadness
	holt shit Your new =3 got removed by youtube 	sadness
	sad thing is yoway is next door n i havent even gone yet 	sadness
	Lo que hace la necesidad  esa vieja lo que me da es 	sadness
	When I dnt eat all day when I do finally eat I eat anything and EVERYTHING 	sadness
	I expect a celebratory christmas nuzzle before xmas or I might die  	sadness
	You know you're becoming a grow up when you finally decide it's time to throw out your jerry and maury buttons 	sadness
	oh honey love you know me so well!! Lets watch! Yesterday was the first sunday we didn't hang out 	sadness
	I have this weird urge to draw but I can't find my old sketch book 	sadness
	Ladies I'm trying to become the spokesperson for Applebees Not a joke  	sadness
	everyone is coming home this weekendand it's one of the busiest weekends for me	sadness
	So I just used auntie remedy of drinking a tablespoon of vinegar for my headache and it didn't work 	sadness
	i feel bad because i put the story on the website and people are going to get mad at me :/  	sadness
	Give me a cigarette I want a fucking cigarette I want to destroy me shit! love hurts too much  I want to smoke  	sadness
	love you( oh BTW's i may not be at lunch again tomorrow 	sadness
	Thts Life !! Aanchaul: hates when you love someone and they just walk out on you and act like nothing ever happened:'(	sadness
	C'est officiel : La moustache ne me va pas 	sadness
	i meant  cuz sleeping with josh would be a kind thing it will happen someone out there has a kind heart	sadness
	nanakaw yung iTouch ng Kuya ko hinoldap sha :( yun pa naman gamit ko pang twitter tas marami akong naka favorite na vids doon :(	sadness
	Last class with naomi gal 	sadness
	I would do anything to be able to watch Home Alone with tonight! Guess I'll just watch it alone :( 	sadness
	is my  sister she'd take care of my fish  don't even like me! 	sadness
	When Im not okay I always tend to spend more than the usual fvck 	sadness
	I missed  last night for the first time since the show aired 	sadness
	When you make a promise with the one that you trust and the break it like a toothpick 	sadness
	Irredeemable vol 6  7 to go and then I will be out of comics for the rest of my trip 	sadness
	I hope they fix my car ASAP 	sadness
	So happy I've got my phone back! Sounds sad but it's like my life 	sadness
	when everyone watches that tv show that you never did but you can't start watching it now because you're already 10 episodes behind 	sadness
	Surely we're too young for this! // RT 2LemonadeGal: oh my mom is helping me color mine tomorrow 	sadness
	Call Tweet and mourn us for today is and my last day in studio until next semester! 	sadness
	My Xmas tree is too big for my apartment 	sadness
	I am litterally bawling right now I was going to come to the concert tomorrow but Tickets sold out too fast 	sadness
	Don't wanna go sing today &    !!!	sadness
	Time to lay it on down leavin early 2ma  	sadness
	I just wanted to punch all my friends in the face to my dudes band 	sadness
	Google I guess her twin did the same thing google malika haqq and Adrian Wilson	sadness
	Wish I could watch the parade but apparently that's not done here 	sadness
	Anticipation!!!! & Of Anarchy in a few hours!! Can't believe there's only 2 episodes left tho!! 	sadness
	Ugh I keep wanting to change my display picture but it won't let me! 	sadness
	The sadness you feel when you wait outside hm at midnight only to find it doesn't open until 5am 	sadness
	Atleast we got a glimpse of nice weather 	sadness
	Im just a romantic midwestern guy with his heart on his sleeve and his dick in his fist    	sadness
	It's true and I are long lost twins that live across the country 	sadness
	that awkward moment when you realize you DONT love your life 	sadness
	Don't you just love when your gf doesn't reply /: 	sadness
	I hate flop nights You get excited then BAM nothing happens  another night	sadness
	C'est le moment de l'annee ou mon tan est plus la et je ressemble a un personnage des simpsons  	sadness
	You know I LOVE those but twice they've made me puke so I can't drink them any more 	sadness
	can we make trend for someone  sake brenna_bean	sadness
	Ive come to the conclusion I'm a failure at life 	sadness
	reading hopeless romantic blogs with makes me realise how much   I need a boyfriend 	sadness
	Worst part of the day: not being able to pick up my iphone 	sadness
	E mi rivedo per la terza Harry Potter e I Doni della Morte parte 2  	sadness
	I have come to the sad conclusion that I will not complete NaNo It appears that for my time in grad school it won't be an option 	sadness
	I can die a happy woman because I have loved another with all my heart and soul  that's enough for me  	sadness
	Wowww Thesis wrecks Wordpress for all future theme uses 	sadness
	I'm ganna miss the people in my English class next semester 	sadness
	I think the Conor Oberst lyric each public school is a halfway house is becoming more and more true Vonnegut would be upset 	sadness
	sooooooooooooo is my phone broken or something or does no one wanna reply to my texts? 	sadness
	eternal eternal for josh  pls   	sadness
	Cant sport my Chargers hat til next august now  	sadness
	Getting ready for the last show at The Mad Hatter 	sadness
	 ahahah i hate cornetto choco lava :)  memory lane 	sadness
	-_- wtf Im not there lol I got my Mike n' Ikes already smmfh I got the whip and all to come pick yo big head ahh up	sadness
	Mum in hospital and it don't look to good :(	sadness
	I don't think there's enough time in the world for me to get good enough 	sadness
	I am so jelly I'm in public I can't be pantless It is cold 	sadness
	my sister-in-law grandmother is dead 	sadness
	Apparently bum fighting has gone the way of the dodo 	sadness
	am I not allowed to follow you back 	sadness
	Wed 21st Too late for my next trip 	sadness
	won't get to watch REQUEST dance crew later :(( its just me and BT tonight	sadness
	why ppl ignore wo like them  like who ignore themall guys r same here  no1 r helpfull  ve covered me	sadness
	At my brothers friends house doing nothing This is what happens when I come back home 	sadness
	I can't talk to you while you drive -tasker DanielElliott17	sadness
	I don't think liked my philosophical 30-second synopsis of The English Patient 	sadness
	third night of feasting is officially complete 	sadness
	gutted im away this weekend and not able to meet up with u and little guy 	sadness
	Hate the fact that people are using  as an excuse to get faded every weekend at it's finest	sadness
	Can't fall back asleep 	sadness
	im PHONELESS my phone is at the sprint storesleeping there away from me lls	sadness
	well i just left my book at school soooo no essay 	sadness
	Half Blood Prince is airing for the first time ever on TV y'all HERE WE GO 	sadness
	My Rocky Horror poster just fell off of my door ): 	sadness
	Watching the football state championship ): should be us	sadness
	Live as shit at the mall American Eagle is havin a 40% off everything sale and I have no funds smh 	sadness
	Sometimes I wish I did bang with ppl in my town 4 times like this some real true friends but I dont 	sadness
	So basically we're settling on the fact he's not going to 	sadness
	Just realized that I'm allergic to my shampoo!! Great! 	sadness
	follow me  retweet me pleaseee! I guess u never saw any of my tweets asking u too :( please do it for a fan! 	sadness
	My trusty schwinn almost destroyed my face today 	sadness
	Feel weird to be back in Derby doesn't feel like home to me anymore 	sadness
	we are in the same house why could you not just say this to my face? oh thats right you have no balls 	sadness
	im so cold and my beds so empty tonight 	sadness
	SO JEALOUS! I bought the new one  can't read it till Friday 5 	sadness
	Its funny how people who follow you eventually unfollow you only because you never followed them back 	sadness
	nothing worse then a negative KD ratio 	sadness
	I still want to come to the iron bowl with youuuu   we are being separated yet again 	sadness
	and you two are amazing u truely are and I love u bothit hurts me to see u guys fight	sadness
	Alas no good trending topics to mock today 	sadness
	The worst part of my day is when i find my ice cream bowl is empty 	sadness
	Just saw an empty Summer Shandy box next to my Aunt's fridge But no Liene to be found 	sadness
	Why is it that you always manage to creep into my head and make me depressed 	sadness
	its gunna suck waking up nd not see ur face 	sadness
	Waiting to start the last show 	sadness
	i hate making a new tumblr and forgetting all the good blogs i followed before 	sadness
	Didn't get a good morning text 	sadness
	A lone jelly bean tumbles unable to escape the metal edge at the top of the escalator  	sadness
	n there's always a friend that forgets to txt yu on a daily basis	sadness
	Do you ever feel the need to sing but are not able to find the right song to sing :(	sadness
	JenBunny1985: I have nothing against ugly people just ugly people who call other people uglythat's just ridiculous	sadness
	I'm sorry I missed u moremy phone didn't send me that tweet it goes crazy after a few tweets then stops notifying me 	sadness
	A cousin keeps telling me education past high school is a sham Too bad he cant spell or make an argument correctly  	sadness
	My better half's sooooo far away I only have his shirt to hug  	sadness
	hi hello hey We did not get food today 	sadness
	so glad my parents dont have a copy of that 	sadness
	December events are filling up our calendar fast and 2012 is off to an amazing start! Nowif I could just update the dang site! 	sadness
	UGH Gonna have to re- record it tomaro  actually talk because the stupid voice over isnt working right :| 	sadness
	You're supposed to be my best friend? Haha yeah right More like backstabbing low life that tries to ruin everything for me 	sadness
	 I wish love was like volleyball You'd call 'MINE' and everyone would back off  :(	sadness
	Need a nap Then need to go shopping to fill our house again it's so empty with out :( 	sadness
	Currently dealing with second worst haircut of my adult life The first was the haircut I walked into this place to fix 	sadness
	I'm tight that I visited Port yesterday  wasn't there 	sadness
	Can't find an online rental for Jurassic Park anywhere and our VHS is f-ed up Today a tradition may get ruined 	sadness
	well if your brother and I still talked I would have an excuse to come visit you! 	sadness
	what theee they are but not you all you do is sleep in your car in the basement HAHA	sadness
	Got a lot on my mind ! But my negative tweets won't be shared	sadness
	Yesterday i have the best dream! Khloe replay to and i were so happy! It was SO real! 	sadness
	for to fall back asleep on me! :/ 	sadness
	i have moneybut not alot so i'll prob make an awesome one for you too( ohhhh what are you doing tonight?	sadness
	CLASSICO TODAY    to bad i gotta work on my portfolio /3 	sadness
	I hate rescue animals commercials They make me feel sad and sorrowful for all animals out there  	sadness
	It's whenever I start to care that I get ignored Really wish I didn't have such a big heart 	sadness
	isn't that sad though? That there's been no game that just got it completely right? 	sadness
	Currently eating the worse oatmeal ever 	sadness
	Planes Trains and Automobiles also unavailable on instant view 	sadness
	I feel like a failure at twitter not sure if I even did that right	sadness
	I gotta iPhone sucka( lol and lost all my numbers so u text me!	sadness
	I had one follower Then I lost him  On the plus side 2 more weeks till  -	sadness
	I have all these teeny tiny little cuts and knicks on my hands 	sadness
	nocticed a girl the first day she got a twitter! :( 	sadness
	Today I feel like a battle of jhonny walker I don't know why but I just wanna be drunk Might is it just 	sadness
	My best friend is leaving to the Philippines for a month :'( I have to say bye tonight! 	sadness
	when the love of your life is half way acrosss the world	sadness
	Miss my boy-toy :( can't function without him :( 	sadness
	indeed IRL time! Long overdue /cc danticoa	sadness
	MishaBarnes1: the dynamics of our ofc has gotten bitter since u left Not sure how to take that!  	sadness
	It would seems that g1 has outright blocked me on the TWITTER MASHEEN That's a damn shame he was a really cool guy 	sadness
	Due giorni fa c'era paul mccartney qui a milano e io non sono potuta andarlo a vedere 	sadness
	All packed for home and I still have 5 days left here at Bluffton :( 	sadness
	What the F  I can always craft another round Just let me know if you don't get it 	sadness
	Pastry shop isnt open today uu	sadness
	I just broke two of my lights that I was going to put around my walls  	sadness
	pfff toi et vous ne faites vraiment aucun effort pour me caser 	sadness
	Holiday is good if you've got plans I don't 	sadness
	im at  aka nationals but ur not bc ur being a soccer mom 	sadness
	I swear if my kid wasn't there   I woulda died long ago 	sadness
	Bored out of my fucking mind  	sadness
	wonder if i'll get on espn Strange how im like the only Big Star player not on ESPN 	sadness
	Seriously today is the worst day ever WTF I look like a bull frog  I can deal with a heart break but I can't deal with the ugly! 	sadness
	Ppl are going crazy now-a-days killing babies kidnapping human trafficking 	sadness
	Sadly the best part of the game tonight was seeing Lebron James in person But still:  and 	sadness
	So when practice was over I ran to the car all excited to show my dad my superb grade in geometry and he says do better 	sadness
	One of the worst feelings in the world: finally admitting you've lost that summery glow Hello pale winter 	sadness
	Thanks - I hope there's a good turnout and I wish I could be there 	sadness
	Pahahaha I'm tireDwish mah bed wuz smallerso I dnt have to wish someone else wuz in it	sadness
	I really really really wanna listen to  but I don't have them on my phone yet :c 	sadness
	tht tht comes over u when u walk into a store nd there playing u nd ur ex's song :((	sadness
	Right after you finish your essay on aphasia there is a lect on aphasia 	sadness
	Boodat! I need a protege MusicHead2011: BassMonsterTIFF when you leave there's no one to follow in your footsteps 	sadness
	stab me in the heart why don't you! lol  	sadness
	finally home ! tired AF thee sinks in I can't sleep with my baby tonight	sadness
	love you too!!! I won't get to see you this weekend! :( 	sadness
	Still don't have an advent calendar to open :( 	sadness
	Thx darlin'  I am not ready yet Much tonight He was only 12 yrs old! Taken by drunk driver :(	sadness
	I KNOW RIGHT?! my mom is all like HEALTHY FOOD HEALTHY FOOD ASLKFNEKRJN 	sadness
	Freud anatomy you have a cruel mind sometimes  	sadness
	Did not realize how excited I was to have my Netflix stream from my computer to my TV until the cords to make this happen failed 	sadness
	Disturbingly enough I've found it faster to use an old feature phone with T-9 for tweeting than a smartphone 	sadness
	girl you know I will! Lazy night in the chapter room without you 	sadness
	I wouldn't be surprised if Kris is privately mourning the loss of her Hacienda Luisita She is no longer an haciendera 	sadness
	one little exam at 7 roomies are gone not leaving til tomorrow morning 	sadness
	I really hate box stores Just remember my home town being annihilated by Wal Mart 	sadness
	just saw your tweet andddd i won't : (   i'll be working on a paper all night 	sadness
	I wish my name rhymed with something so I could have a tight twitter handle 	sadness
	Even crackers and Mac n chees isn't making this better :/ 	sadness
	 I felt bad for HUMPTY DUMPTY when i was little They never put him back together! 	sadness
	holding back tha tears and tha heartbreak Because I kno ur not worth it 	sadness
	why would you ignore it from ME though?! I started it I'm never there anymore It's a big deal when I say it	sadness
	Psyc midterm today Feeling like I'm gonna bomb 	sadness
	Last unit of pickleball in high school 	sadness
	Also my thoughts on Will's feelings may be me projecting my own feelings  	sadness
	I cnt stand spending thanksgiving wit family I dnt even like	sadness
	I would much rather soup lunch be tomorrow than on Wednesday  	sadness
	Haven't left my room today/  	sadness
	Awee  ustreams when my computer speakers don't work  my phone is being stupid ) Now iCan't watchh ! 	sadness
	I freak out over  and even offer pie and/or cake and he still isn't my best friend? 	sadness
	i hate social with the passion 	sadness
	“FelwaAlJuhaimie: want to convince her self that she has a beautiful voice :)”  	sadness
	finished season 4 of dexter 	sadness
	I got iOffered a $40k scholarship to study math in undergradand i turned it down	sadness
	Twitter is it wrong to feel  for special friends that I can never revive    etc	sadness
	Its so windy! I feel sorry for ppl who don't have heat 	sadness
	Sooo im hearing bad things for Duck fans tonightdo i need to start yelling at the tv? 	sadness
	ouch never thought a tweet could hurt so much! :(  lol	sadness
	I know :( I'm quite sad :'( I waved goodbye along with about 10 others :L they better fucking accept my friend request :L 	sadness
	Few hours to go and my bbmax subscription will expire will go back on dec 3see y'all folkspeace out!	sadness
	well Bad things happen 3's so u got one more Lol but u liked a HOTTTT dumb valley girl? Right? Right! )	sadness
	WELL i went to this picture all happy  smiling thinking it would be me  you but NOOOOOOO :(	sadness
	At Ledos found out some friends are coming down Sunday I can't see them I ain't seen them in 3 years and it keeps going:(	sadness
	Damn someone dying in the  My condolences to those that were close to him :(	sadness
	Always tired in winter Must be the darkness 	sadness
	Hey everyone server official close will probably be tomorrow & I can't return home then it will be later  	sadness
	I can't sing right now because I have a sore throat  I love this song too 	sadness
	Haha Kens tweet made me lol and now back to my seriousness smh!	sadness
	Goodbye  you will be missed  Enjoy your life of being subjected to playing DVDs  	sadness
	okay but i have a feeling when that time comes you'll become silent and it wont happen 	sadness
	i near what will u do go ahead shed those tears U will feel better once u see it is alright for a good man too cry	sadness
	It pains my heart to see leave 	sadness
	People talk about me like if they even know my story 	sadness
	GradingIf I give a take home quiz over break I am obviously gonna collect it and grade it! 	sadness
	I wish!! You said you were busy all week and we couldn't do trivia and now I'm stuck re-tiling Isabelle's shower 	sadness
	got on twitter saw it was snowing got outside yea it's pouring down rain 	sadness
	i need a vacation junk food retail therapy a biiiig hug  a bottle and a blunttt 	sadness
	sorry tryina help u out bud i mean u need laid  someone hop on josh like hop on pop minus perversion	sadness
	Oh no! RT BryTupper: Since you're taking steroids I'm sorry but your dreams of playing professional ball are now over	sadness
	i needa change all my TI backgroundssighlol	sadness
	shot of the day! RT phir aap mere husband ko follow karo tho behtar hai :p	sadness
	Today the woman who has looked after my daughter so I could write my book is leaving She is more than a nanny 	sadness
	This little girl's death in Canton GA just broke up my Christmas bubble a little There really are monsters in this world 	sadness
	Feel like the biggest asshole in the world right now Prolly gunns kill myself noe 	sadness
	Looking through the pictures on my phone and seeing that I only have two pictures with 	sadness
	idk about that last one guys  wasnt so good  needs laid we find some help or end him	sadness
	Sometimes I cry  no one knows how hard it is to have your best friend in another flipping country 	sadness
	girl i miss you too!   I LOVE YOU TOO!  we need to skype soon!	sadness
	My little spoon (Lauren__Boyce) didn't visit me today:( 	sadness
	Found my first gray hair today  	sadness
	Walking in the dark stepping on something paper + instantly realizing I just stepped on my Gaga poster  	sadness
	Spent half of my money at the mall today 	sadness
	Ugh the rain has ruined my toms nooooooo 	sadness
	At least I hope so My visa is still under assessment 	sadness
	I love but he doesn't love me back :( 	sadness
	my heart just broke a little when i remembered all my coffee cups are in my office no coffee this morning 	sadness
	Still can't believe has left  so SAD Love u always Mr Bell 	sadness
	I can't leave for lunch for another hour and all I'm doing is searching for pix of Todd Haley yelling to sigh over 	sadness
	can't call sex line Has to be 18 	sadness
	I made a point to get my girls together and go lingerie shopping on Sunday bc what I have now is lol	sadness
	He don't love melike helove his IPhone 	sadness
	wanna call me you broken girl! But are those guess jeanns that ripped 	sadness
	I lost my  pin today 	sadness
	My newer slightly-preferred non-Starbucks coffee shop in WestCo closed 	sadness
	I hate waking up in the morning and my babes not there next to me :( 	sadness
	I wish I was in london so I could go to trafalgar square I wish I could meet you all 	sadness
	today was national kiss day and my boyfriend wasnt here :( 	sadness
	So I deleted the angry birds app on my phone because I didn't know how toplay :( 	sadness
	And here come the tears  I wish my life was a chick flick 	sadness
	That awkward moment when a fat guy cockblocks you away from a hot guy 	sadness
	you lucky duck!!! i live in michigan where NO ONE comes 	sadness
	Got my script for the play!! Kinda sad w/ my talking amount 	sadness
	I almost feel sry for people who allow their futures be as empty as their minds 	sadness
	hi sexc i miss you we didnt play this weekend 	sadness
	we should be watching right now at the brat stop sending you my love hope to see you guys soon!	sadness
	If cute guys think I'm attractive then why don't I think I'm attractive? 	sadness
	Life is just an  Can't believe I'm heading home I will miss my friends 	sadness
	last month I bought tickets to the zoo and now I can't afford the train fare to get there   :( 	sadness
	Why do u continue to speak to Jepthe and u no longer speak to me ???? 	sadness
	My throat's still in pain Darn it seriously destroyed my plans for the weekend 	sadness
	Me siento mal porque mi chino amigo decidio cerrar sus puertas en este dia feriado y no puedo ir a comprar cosas a un lugar cerca 	sadness
	I would go shopping tonight but I don't have any money to shop with 	sadness
	ugh I can't leave twitter but but need tooo -- 	sadness
	Walking down the street and my knee just gave out on me When I fell it looked like haha	sadness
	Aww I just saw a commercial for the Hallmark recording stories A troop got a Charlie Brown one from his son and wife( 	sadness
	Grease burns hurt like a mother 	sadness
	i wish i had time to work out during the week 	sadness
	la fama es solo apariencia en la farandula hay mucha  suelta que termina siendo inspiracion para muchas jovencitas 	sadness
	I miss everyone I used to be close with :(( I want those friendships back 	sadness
	WHAT THE FUCKING FUCK SERIOUSLY???????? How do I ALWAYS miss when Pierce the Veil comes here??!?!?! 	sadness
	Computer over heating I'm scare it's going to die soon! :(	sadness
	for sure! and they've taken a nosedive since then kind of like EP after Irtiqa 	sadness
	ah right cool suregrey tooth   	sadness
	Got completely soaked walking to the caf Now I'm uncomfortable 	sadness
	She don't trust me and I don't trust hersmh 	sadness
	Looking at second grade math and then   Looking at my math I miss the easy days 	sadness
	can't feel the Christmas spirit yet (( 	sadness
	:( I'm in Alexandria with hosanna Oh my goodness am I depressed   	sadness
	Yes and I see nothing!  No shit no fancy cologne all 	sadness
	my chicken came out mostly good But there was red on part of (down near the bone) no one ate it But still It makes me sad	sadness
	Only my parents could make pedophile jokes during Willy Wonka  	sadness
	Falling out of cars in your new jeans and getting mud all over them right before going to a party is NOT cool :( 	sadness
	That moment when you and that one person have nothinq to talk about but you still want to be textinq him 	sadness
	They don't get Fox here anymore so no Packers/ Lions tomorrow 	sadness
	righto carries near every lbj9 even the china's but not the hurricanes how will I complete my collection now :)	sadness
	My upstairs neighbors must be really really sad They are absolutely blaring Joni Mitchell's Blue 	sadness
	needs a profile pic n someone needs to  bad  end his 	sadness
	All I could hear after reading that were the sounds of those gobblers I've heard on occasion lmao 	sadness
	lmao girl i had nothing else to do RT startin yah work late young lady Lmfao	sadness
	OMFG I KNEW IT NICCOS GAY TOO WHAT IS MY LIFE I MOVE AWAY FOR A COUPLE MONTHS AND NOW YOU LIKE DICK 	sadness
	Antoine Carr man those were the days RT NepeanTX: Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	Just got an event invite for the last thirsty thursday at Annies till it reopens next year 	sadness
	How do you have a 300 dollar weave and still look terrible!?! 	sadness
	What fucking basketball team doesn't have a number 24 Settling for 22 	sadness
	i still remember when i first met salma she thought i was a mean lemon :( laneisha did too 	sadness
	Chuck just filmed their final episode :( 	sadness
	I didn't see your beautiful face today 	sadness
	Tech is pretty awful AND didn't answer when I called her on the school phone 	sadness
	Watching the last  episodeI cried and I'm still crying :'( why is every end so sad?? 	sadness
	I'm at a spring lake party an you are not here 	sadness
	I bet! When I watched soap operas back in the day the news would cut in the middle of pivotal moments haha	sadness
	it's the end of the week and we didn't do lunch next week needs to happen!	sadness
	deciding to write you my second letter as you didnt get the first one for some reason :( 	sadness
	Thisthis Is what I fucking hate I just wish I could read your mind 	sadness
	Just got home from my first duty at al-sad PECwawa mga baby kapag extract ng blooddi q ata kakayanin 	sadness
	School = Sickness Pre-shifting weeks = Epidemic Shifting week = Pandemic 	sadness
	They started construction on the lot next to our house 	sadness
	That feel when you're in love with a girl who lives a thousand miles away 	sadness
	Last day off until five days straight of work 	sadness
	andd here we go week 16 final week  	sadness
	 is when my Bff moved to another country  I cried till i couldn't cry anymore	sadness
	It takes giving up something you really want to make others happy  	sadness
	Not having a car on campus is preventing me from going to Taco Bell right now 	sadness
	I realized I'm pretty much done learning Calculus 	sadness
	I wake up after getting only a couple hours of sleep and there is NO COFFEE and i have no idea how to make more 	sadness
	Not only I ripped his heart out I ripped his soul out too! 	sadness
	When you're sitting in class and your ipod plays a theme song of a ride from Disneyland 	sadness
	Those nights when all you want to do is cuddle up next to someone and then you realize you're single 	sadness
	Reached for another pizza rolland there were no more left 	sadness
	 by ending his candidacy today has robbed America of a great potential TV moment: Trump yelling at him You're fired! 	sadness
	i wish didn't go to sleep so early so she could take part in and my skype conversation :( 	sadness
	No car and years of over protective parents have caused me to become severely socially handicapped as a young adult 	sadness
	My office smells like wet dog 	sadness
	“AmandaFinchXo: Summer just can't come fast enough can it?” No it can't! Sadly 	sadness
	i have this old acne scar on my neck all my coworkers think it's a hickey i just say 'no it was a zit' 	sadness
	(Contd 4m prev tweet) I hv nthng agnst  in fact am his fan bt tat doesn't justify ppl ignoring  	sadness
	How does my sister get jwinno cambo97 and all those people to follow her D: 	sadness
	Coughing has become somewhat of a workout on my abs Every time I cough now they hurt 	sadness
	the way i'm constantly reloading this page to see if i have the new twitter 	sadness
	Born To Die???? There are so many beautiful things to live!& how to waste life is trending on twitter uu 	sadness
	is it wrong to one minute feel an  and the next be dancing around the kitchen to  	sadness
	Depressing end to the day :( 	sadness
	Emory makes a nigga wanna commit mass murder sometimes 	sadness
	Aww darn I don't tink there's any creamer left! 	sadness
	Comer en el burguer y encontrarte una panda de canis de 12 años hablando de sexo A donde vamos a llegar 	sadness
	RT: katjabecker: Joe Nathan left the Twins for the Texas Rangers  	sadness
	haha belum pun Aish jealous pula kau ? Hahaha why ? U like the clothes ? ) 	sadness
	too bad not for europeans Allready have THE claude figure but the bat would've been nice :)	sadness
	thank for the vote of confidence but it does look like a loss is in my future 	sadness
	Dear BlackBerry App World WHY is it that every single time I open you YOU FREEZE MY BLACKBERRY???!!!   	sadness
	Just made the finished the last power point for the semester for Progressive Caucus  	sadness
	Up at 6:00am yesterday 7:30 today it would be great if I could sleep in until at least 10:00  	sadness
	Every liquor store is closed!! 	sadness
	I need a Taylor Lautner fan friend I dont have hardly no one who I can talk about how beautiful he is with lol!	sadness
	Once Upon A Time kindof made me want to die 	sadness
	Sorry kiddies no service today due to Mechanic issues   Stay tuned for updates 	sadness
	i know Ry hurt me but it's sinking in now and i honestly miss him more than ever 	sadness
	it's super easy one your get the hang of it! O/ the only thing is sometimes the quality doesn't turn out great 	sadness
	monster is not half as good as death note 	sadness
	That depressing moment when you start talking to someone really attractive but they can't keep a conversation going 	sadness
	Those games hurt the worst  	sadness
	Time to put up Grandma's Christmas tree Just wish my Grandpa could be home to enjoy it too 	sadness
	Rolling me up a nice lil ol lil wake and bake lol 	sadness
	I feel like crying now like i wish u knew how i felt rite now 	sadness
	Just saw a picture of a Chinchillabut it has completely lost it's meaning now	sadness
	I suck at words with friends 	sadness
	Whaaat? No new  episode this Thursday? That's the second week in a row 	sadness
	What did the cat use to cut his lawn? A lawn meower!   	sadness
	Aww! never reply back my mention! :( 	sadness
	Thought you had Must have been a careless command-x on my part RT SpaceCowboyInLG:  dang I didn't make the 6 words post I 	sadness
	Plus de place pour Le Lac des cygnes cc clairesentences	sadness
	Good news:  leak is not the dishwasher  Bad news: probably a pipe that will require drywall removal to attack  	sadness
	The rest of my family leaves to go to florida today and I'm stuck in the snow writing exams 	sadness
	Me hungry and mi too lazy fi go downstairs fi food! 	sadness
	You know its bad when you know to dude you leave in a heart beat for a stripper only if she gave him a chance 	sadness
	Rained all night long Feeling for people in places like Diepsloot with no drains where it can make life miserable 	sadness
	Netflix won't worknow i can't catch up on my Grey's Anatomy? 	sadness
	Getting happy when you see you I've a mention but it's just spam 	sadness
	Hay disappointed dnah maplay yung episode ng hyy nung nov 18 hay Wala din ako mahanap nah link :(	sadness
	I hate seeing homeless people :( 	sadness
	    - leave it all behind  enjoy life InshAllah!	sadness
	Fake people fake friends now even a fake christmas tree 	sadness
	I didn't see a single flag at half mass yesterday 	sadness
	I need 1200 more words but my brain is just making bird noises  	sadness
	Honestly RT mikaeladyke: Thank you Monday for reminding me why I hate reading the news  	sadness
	damn again smdh that's some fucked up shit	sadness
	My blackberry has died call or message me if you need to get hold of me!	sadness
	huhuhu i wanna watch the united cube concert 	sadness
	I'm not a cool kid like you with your screen shots 	sadness
	haha I am such a cat person I love kitties but I can't take any in right now 	sadness
	It just breaks my heart seeing tiny animals dead Found one of Sophie's hamsters dead today 	sadness
	the sounds my dad makes while he looks at my report card 	sadness
	I want to watch more Dexter! :( Showtime only has Episode 1 (season 6) up 	sadness
	Cloudy weather in  so sad 	sadness
	And yeahit's fuckedstill worksscreen just broke like hell 	sadness
	Most eventful thanksgiving yet Dropped the turkey and saw a deer get shot Ohboy 	sadness
	My mom wont buy me boxers 	sadness
	So tired Dx still feeling a bit down cause i still haven't find my other earring studs Dx 	sadness
	I miss my super cool  sunglasses that broke 	sadness
	This is why I don't go to your house Its just a cycle 	sadness
	alexxxx is soocute I REALLY WISH he would tweet back it would make my life3 but it prob won't happen	sadness
	I still play All-Star Baseball 2004 and 2005 on PlayStation 2 I can keep Reyes on the Mets there 	sadness
	When you're driving past 's house knowing she's not there	sadness
	Havent had phone time in 2 days 	sadness
	I just saw RoryLogan's break up :( They were made for each other so why??Why they broke up? :( 	sadness
	Bored night ahead of sitting inside while it rains 	sadness
	I cant belive that i wont see and have news from for a long time! 	sadness
	First time in the world showcase since food and wine Looks so empty I miss the booze 	sadness
	When has it become acceptable to skip gym class for work? 	sadness
	Spring soon come! • RT 242Uprising: Final CSA cult meeting 	sadness
	I get a new toy and my ungrateful daughter says I can't plat with it! 	sadness
	WHY DO THEY NEVER PUT HOOK ON TV AT CHRISTMAS? there's no adventure here Pricks 	sadness
	How can we have a house full of food but still nothing to eat 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you're excited your boobs grew a whole cup size but it's only just your time of the month 	sadness
	3 week Facebook deactivation + my lack of iphone (shitty BB pearl) = me dead to the world Going into withdrawals soon  	sadness
	Missed island of misfit toys 	sadness
	Omg Its Funny How Life Works Out!!! :'( 	sadness
	Dose anyone know any good bands coming somewhere near Boston anytime soonI havent been to a concert in a while 	sadness
	I use  I have now upgraded to 8GB of memory in my computer These things are related   	sadness
	The best way to cure is be !!! People need to stop moping its not that bad u could be worse off All this  shit	sadness
	Felt like wearing my scarf this morning but then I remembered I forgot it in 's fridge in Toronto 	sadness
	Tragic news of the death of Gary Speed Welsh footballer      	sadness
	My paper is finally done Now I can study for my other final that I don't even know what's going to be on it 	sadness
	I've decided to live tweet my sorrows that will be the browns game 	sadness
	i just realized i was going to go to help decorateim thinking its a little late now 	sadness
	YAYY!!! way to go Foh Foh!!!:))) gosh i miss you so much!!! I'm def coming to visit you someday!!!!	sadness
	She like to play with my emotionskinda like a fat kid seeing a nice chocolate cake but not getting a piece 	sadness
	UGH  my tea for two is broken! 	sadness
	Great end to Xavier  Cincinnati game NOOOOOTT!!! 	sadness
	But i didnt get to see mslimas pretty face :/ 	sadness
	they had songs about me in middle school and elementary the names they called me still hurt to this day 	sadness
	You brew a potion you get 1 point Seems legit 	sadness
	so sleepy and there's sun today! but i'm working 8 hours!!! *cry* 	sadness
	Can't sleep n I'm too tired to play dress up 	sadness
	Confirmed  fails to load texture properly on a Macbook Air with Intel GPU Runs fine on AMD Radeon Desktop 	sadness
	I have no idea how I am surviving with marmite my OH hates it so he is glad we live in NYC 	sadness
	By creating all of this bullshit technology ppl are actually losing basic intelligence 	sadness
	Hey Cheeks :D Are u not feeling good? 	sadness
	fare una ricerca offerte di lavoro su google fa venire la depressionecosìse non lo sapevate sapevatelo! 	sadness
	That unfortunate moment when you remember a favorite shirt of yours and have no idea where it went 	sadness
	Awe I'm missing the Swag Master :( 	sadness
	It's official: Kings Henry Feast is closed  lnvoge	sadness
	Just got my hair cuttfeeling pretty baldhead right now 	sadness
	I keep getting this temptation to tweet I CANNOT FEEL MY LEGS! when I obviously can Why this compulsion exists I have no clue 	sadness
	What if i never get to meet you? then i'll just be heartbroken for life o OH MY 	sadness
	Bloody phone! Won't connect to the internet properly ¦ 	sadness
	College coaches The new Catholic priest 	sadness
	Just stepped outside to get a look at the sky Cloudy sleeting No chance of stargazing 	sadness
	Went to Pen tonight Walked by the Virgin kiosk hoping you'd be there You weren't 	sadness
	commercial for the mac miller concert on the radio 	sadness
	Zucotti Park is empty except some cops guarding a Christmas Tree  	sadness
	Lykke Li's concert is today and I'm missing out 	sadness
	What a great evening! Fun laughs gifts food Can't ask for much more than that! But No more small group until the new year 	sadness
	Thank the lord Today was pajama day I was about to be freezing! Where have you gone warm sun 	sadness
	apparently 10 people every year die from vending machinesit really proves how us humans can die so easily 	sadness
	I heard that airport is the worst in the Nation!  	sadness
	Make sure that if you see me before Fri morning you say goodbye 'cause that's when I fly outa here Only 4 full days left in AK 	sadness
	My gray beanie feels so different It's lost it's shape Me no like 	sadness
	Welp guess every team in our conference is out cuz Reidsville lost! 	sadness
	 Just so rude! Gone retweet me and not say Good Night back 	sadness
	Wait so John Lennon dies on Jim Morrison's bday???? 	sadness
	any other time I have free reign to the kitchen but today I'm not allowed? 	sadness
	ma ci sono solo io stamattina su twitter? :(	sadness
	The hurt you feel when you see the hurt in someone else's eyes  	sadness
	School today Sigh 	sadness
	Having some massive Busted sesh! Why the fuck did they ever break up! 	sadness
	I just accidentally deleted photos from my previous blog through my galaxy s2  	sadness
	 I have to agree here with paul I have lost many friends and not one of them got even in a papers 	sadness
	good morning retreat today til sunday :(	sadness
	I want to watch the next chapter from revenge I been waiting for a week 	sadness
	You always tweet when m in Chemistry or History :S :|	sadness
	lol that's weird I was thinking of you so I decided to tweet3 but awwh I know girl I just wanna meet our boys 3): 	sadness
	Just got on the scale and am officially never eating again (ska binge eating out of misery)  	sadness
	defo miss it now that i dont live in rathgar anymore! kept them in business when they opened! :o) 	sadness
	i cant believe i spent an entire 9 days in mesa and only saw for like 5 minutes 	sadness
	Ever feel like you're losing touch with someone and they want it to happen? 	sadness
	damn dude  Did it to myself in the end Gotta keep my head up  move on	sadness
	far too long to expect us fans to wait - a whole year?       	sadness
	OH MY GOD I FORGOT ABOUT MOVING DAY I have to go to work soon too Boooooooo 	sadness
	feel like im gonna chunder my guts upbut i really want to go on a bikeride!!! 	sadness
	Packed lunch for a long day at the dirty dirty dirty library 	sadness
	Mom broke the tv  :(	sadness
	Life is so unbelievably short - most of us don't even realise it! 	sadness
	Last madrigal of my life If you miss it you're a square 	sadness
	Omg its only my birthday for 7 more minutes KingJames Please tweet me  dustinzito	sadness
	Suddenly I become part of your past I'm becoming the part that don't last I'm losing you and its effortless 	sadness
	Why do I have absolutely NO pictures from black and white senior year? 	sadness
	I can't find the lights for the Christmas tree:c 	sadness
	Just left the hospital from visiting my dad 	sadness
	I really wish deer season  would hurry and end! I miss sleeping late with my husband spending time with him! BlakeCantrell11	sadness
	So I suppose we won't be moving closer together anytime soon?  	sadness
	getting sick real fast 	sadness
	I got lied to! No Victoria secret fashion show tonight? 	sadness
	should come to my home because i am terribly bored 	sadness
	Ugh game isn't showing on ANY of my channels 	sadness
	Listening to graduation while sitting next to my best friend 	sadness
	Saw Nick Kroll and Will Ferrell ALMOST make out And just like that a dream I didn't even know I had has been crushed to bits 	sadness
	totally :C  + the whole santana thing was sad :C And also kurt is like too disparate now of getting to NYADA :C 	sadness
	IM GONNA MISS MY UNLIMITED DATA 	sadness
	oh shiiizzz! Lol make sure you remind me of that tomorrow too lol I'll be losing a friend lol	sadness
	A week ago I was at Consol Energy Center getting ready to see Jay-Z and Kanye West Now I am memorizing drugs 	sadness
	My high school musical career is now over 	sadness
	Truth talks always make you feel different after 	sadness
	i wont be home for the hales v D game	sadness
	I'm not doing anything till about 4 or 5 so if you want to hang yeah Not going to the CVILLE game anymore GO WILDCATS!	sadness
	RIP to Patrice O'Neal A great comic that was taken from us far too soon A brilliant  talented entertainer HE WILL BE MISSED! 	sadness
	Shame they got a whole band on stage and they still playing a track too this is what's wrong with the industry	sadness
	I give up I'm going to bed Hopefully the 106 other components install by the time I wake uppp :(  	sadness
	Note to self: Selfdon't make track edits at 2:50 in the morning no one will be awake to critique them   	sadness
	I knw FAMU is in trouble wen Gov Rick Scott gets involved nd wnts to investigate	sadness
	Damn just ran out of milk and still have one cup of coffee left in the maker  	sadness
	I'm silently cutting tomatoes at work WISH I HAD THE BALLS TO CUT MYSELF  	sadness
	I miss the old Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon 	sadness
	Those night when you have absolutely nothing to do or no one to hang out with 	sadness
	I really want to bake bread right now But it takes the dough forever to rise 	sadness
	my parents said no to your balck dress so i bring it to you wednesday otay?	sadness
	a thin line and sometimes no damn line at all! gang initiation = hazing in the eyes of many! 	sadness
	Student being harassed because he argued with a teacher He might have to go on his knees and beg for his admit card nw 	sadness
	the same here but dont worry our time is coming	sadness
	i hate when im looking for my asians and i cant find them in all their usual spots 	sadness
	hahahaha much as I would LOVE to I have meetings pretty much all day 	sadness
	My mom doesn't understand my bad mood is directly correlated to the fact I still haven't eaten 	sadness
	Oh it gets even sadder Apparently he just started his own business and they're his first potential investors or something 	sadness
	Not getting married to because of  =   late night talks hahaha ashmarie_a	sadness
	Turns out is the poor-man's Nathan Drake But he cannot pull off the half-tuck 	sadness
	What's wrong is there's no SNOW in the forecast!! Nooooooooo!!! My new skis will be ever so sad   	sadness
	The feeling you get when you see that Back to the Future is on only to realize that IT JUST ENDED! 	sadness
	Some people on twitter actually believe all the things they say on twitter ~ 	sadness
	I'm hoping to sleep in tomorrow But that might not happen 	sadness
	 The moment you realize the books you were gonna sell back are rented and you don't own them	sadness
	Wishin I was goin duck huntin In the morning and not taking an algebra exam! 	sadness
	UghI feel ugly Wait! I am ugly = ( 	sadness
	another day i have nothing interesting to tweet about 	sadness
	I would have hope the rankings had been accurate Now its  time :-(	sadness
	Can't stand whn I get off that's when I'm WIDE AWAKE {O_O}  	sadness
	:((( Miss kaka- announce lng po ni ms Tzarina n wla n nga daw pong class Ble See you nextnxt week n lng po)	sadness
	At work and every blonde girl that passes I think it's ambscrowe94 I miss her! 	sadness
	It sucks when you're enjoying a movie and you know it's a minute away from ending 	sadness
	 RT MyOriginality: We live in a generation of not being in love and not being together	sadness
	ohmypotato time for bed Space Program tomorrow! 	sadness
	One Day completely sad endingg! I cried 	sadness
	I think about you baby and I dream about you all the time 	sadness
	Kpele!!!RT EzNira: Can't sleep n I'm too tired to play dress up 	sadness
	Thank God for DVR I have to work and miss the Victoria's secret fashion show! !	sadness
	8 years later? wwwnextmoviecom/blog/the-dark-knight-rises-8-year-delay/ its also officially the last one  	sadness
	you guys made Terrie upset last night!! 	sadness
	me miss the time we used to be franns and actually hang out :'( 	sadness
	Its sad to think that out of my close group of friends none of us are looking at the same colleges for next year 	sadness
	home girl sorry to bust that bubble of yours but  retweeting you don't mean I like you 	sadness
	It took alot for me to say Hi  wave with a smile on my face But meh I know now you don't care Ended waving at a rail post :( 	sadness
	Rah on peut rien de cacher ! Je pleurs toutes les larmes de mon corps 	sadness
	Two fire alarms taking away your lounges and sleep 	sadness
	I really don't want to go back to MD the city is a million times better 	sadness
	thats literally the definition of my life these days 	sadness
	MEHHH just had to break down and buy a new phone 	sadness
	I mean I know it was Btw Being with Amberlyn and you for 2 days makes me feel so lonely now! 	sadness
	How sad am I that I'm sitting in the food court alone eating food from home 	sadness
	Wow Rough Night   = More  Argg	sadness
	I want to love you! Why won't you accept my love????  	sadness
	I should never be allowed to pick out movies Ever Goodness! 	sadness
	sad I missed bowling I had a migraine 	sadness
	yea thats all I heard i was excited and I know u guys were too haha	sadness
	Just lost four fake followers over the weekend  	sadness
	Man I wish I was back in high school But only because I miss basketball 	sadness
	just took a test to see if i could move to canada   	sadness
	Then I just realized I'll be missing my 2 favorite cousins this Christmas Last year we were all together 	sadness
	can't believe your sick you better get ready to rage tonight  you leave tomorrow  	sadness
	My cell phone has low battery I don't know where my charger is 	sadness
	Every sports team I cheer for kicks me straight in the sack 	sadness
	haha no! I had a weird dreamI remembered it earlier but I can't now 	sadness
	it makes me sad when I look at your profile and it says doesnt follow h_kristen tear (& 	sadness
	Have the feeling I'm gonna lose something important 	sadness
	Mmmmm Thanks to JP Morgan for brownies :) shame isn't here to enjoy them  	sadness
	Damn nobody showed me any love today 	sadness
	I hate that moment when your on top of the world happier then ever then something has to sweep it out from under you  	sadness
	ALBINISM is the saddest thing since spectacular offered a grinding competition 	sadness
	You know that moment after you drink the last of your Minute Maid Fruit Punch 	sadness
	Why must people lie about getting me food? 	sadness
	Movie on black civil rights?   kanye lol	sadness
	I can only get my purple hair dye online	sadness
	When you have to get up to get off the bus but you got comfy in your spot :'( 	sadness
	Thought I'd gotten myself a fly orange jersey online turns out it was from China  credit co rejected the purchase 	sadness
	The band concert and meeting should be exciting I'm just sad I'll miss glee and big bang theory 	sadness
	Just landed in minnesota hells yeah but now gtg to a funeral 	sadness
	omg how could i forget! I wana be there so baddd :'( i miss u too love 	sadness
	wow i dont think my life could suck more butthole than it already does 	sadness
	oh wow this is a firstthe popup ad that I was actually interested in reading disappeared without me clicking it 	sadness
	haha sounds like a deal btw I haven't seen you in years 	sadness
	had a truly wonderful evening catching up with my nephew la spiga in cap hill so wish he lived closer 	sadness
	also leaving school early tomorrow  then not going to school Wednesday  That's when my sister leaves  ' ( !!	sadness
	Raleigh's is no more?  I will always fondly recall the many nights that began there  	sadness
	Looks like this is gonna be the first night ina whiiiile I sleep sober :/	sadness
	I saw the santa at the mall yesterday U needa be 10 to take a pic with him	sadness
	Found my old keyboard pity its not my old drum kit 	sadness
	i couldnt play in the game today due to a broken heart caused by  	sadness
	What happens when we leave and you wont be there whenwe get back?   	sadness
	I just opened a bottle a few min ago lol Its just the universe's way of maintaining balance :) RT anabellebf: I'm out of wine! 	sadness
	Gotta bring back hunter today at noon! 	sadness
	I wish I was as weird as I used to be I had more friends back then Hahaha 	sadness
	That moment when you're expecting a text from someone you hear your phone chime but find that it was just an e-mail 	sadness
	Happy birthday ! No such fitness is on this years Xfactor 	sadness
	I could totally Liz/Jade bitch gif Demi right now but I turned off my comp already 	sadness
	yeah dude The album is dopeness to the ear drums What a talent What a voice 	sadness
	masih ada phil jones smalling  fryers :) RT dewiijayanti: people are crazy to let vidic-ferdinand go out from our place  	sadness
	heey Gemma part à la fin du semestre :( :(	sadness
	Apparently there's no new Castle tonight :((((((	sadness
	Late night talks at timmies with van 	sadness
	i would like to play //& my wife wont stop playing //& forever //&  	sadness
	Totally!! lol anyway i'll text you on Wednesday cause i got my phone takin away :( hearts pee stain :)	sadness
	but your missing game night it won't be the same without you :( 	sadness
	gooodmorning my love i misss u so much and its only been 3 days coming home tmrw just to seee u! u toooo=)	sadness
	Nothing to eat ): I search and search Peanuts are good :D Who is this hot person?! (	sadness
	This is my 100th tweet If I would of kept my other twitter account it would be my 1000th :( 	sadness
	Ever fell in love with an article of clothing-only to wait too late to buy it hope that skirt turns up on ebay	sadness
	My dad made a campfire We have chocolate and grahmcrackers but no marshmallowswhat even is this /33 	sadness
	Man I really want some olive garden wish my hubby was home to take me :( 	sadness
	physics was the death of my first year 	sadness
	Dropped my muffin on the ground in the pouring rain And my feet are soaking wet   	sadness
	It's sad u know when two people break up when both their profile pics change 	sadness
	im missing this girl more and more each day 	sadness
	Sometimes i do wish i had black hairit is much eaiser to find hair weave   :(	sadness
	Boo for medication! Longing 4 a glass of wine 	sadness
	When ppl don't know whats going on in ur life they go crazy tryin to find out what's going on wit you 	sadness
	Av found my inspiration 4 poetry strange buh i gat 3 complete pieces already :o feel lik f*ing shakespear today!	sadness
	The last made my eyes get real soggy! !!??	sadness
	It's official I miss my golden brown hair 	sadness
	you should be excited you're in CHICAGO! But I can't go to water tower place tonight : ( 	sadness
	that really sad moment when you realize its not your birthday anymore	sadness
	ARRRRRG! Curse my 3G Phone telling me this Product is incompable for this phone :(  for iPhone 	sadness
	Dogs are coming home from the war with post traumatic stress disorder :( 	sadness
	Lunch today consisted of Starbucks and Taco Bell For some reason my belly hurts 	sadness
	My puppy gets surgery tomorrow Omg ): 	sadness
	Played Skyrim for first time since patch horrible framerate I suspect is caused by their dual core optimisations 	sadness
	I be on heavy chill mode just bobbin my headthen I just pause  search for another song	sadness
	Downloaded  update on my iPhone but still can't access the new site on the web… 	sadness
	Missing you isn't the problem it's wondering if you'll ever come back that's killing me 	sadness
	it's when you look back and think of all the fun you had as a child	sadness
	I'd rather not ruin another friendship so I'll keep my distance 	sadness
	nothing is worse than hearing everyone leaving for the football game while you are trying to write a paper 	sadness
	I wish I could baby! I'm feeling lonely too! 	sadness
	Take your Feelings like and put them into a picture  thats what I doI don't I  my 	sadness
	She fell asleep before i could say goodnight  now i will have no sleep 	sadness
	Omg this poor deer!!! On the bus and a deers laying there dead :_( 	sadness
	The saddest words to me would be inconsolable devastated anguished desolatecheerless forlorn lost bereaved and undone 	sadness
	My behavior on days when I don't get a nap has changed little since I was 5   	sadness
	the moment when you leap into bed and accidentallyy pull a muscle  	sadness
	I might not be able to watch James Bond tonight 	sadness
	Almost every girl on my TL vex tonight 	sadness
	thanks for the coupon mom just reminding me no zoo lights for me this year 	sadness
	atleast I don't talk to people I've never even met 	sadness
	The moment when the couple you thought would never break up do 	sadness
	its a lonely world this that we live in 	sadness
	my computer no longer functions without freezing every time I click on something 	sadness
	No one in Modesto goes Black Friday shopping cause all the big name stores are 45 minutes away  	sadness
	yah it got knocked down so my duty days are officially over 	sadness
	the olivia couture wedding dress i thought might be the one isn't available for purchase anymore 	sadness
	Mensen pingen met een BB wat niet van hun is whahahah 	sadness
	this is the first year im not watching the macy's thanskgiving day parade since i was like 5 	sadness
	I wish my and twitter friends were in my real life :( 	sadness
	Yeah but people buy the same crap here the only difference is fewer locations and limited hours  	sadness
	True no more open wheel series should race on Las Vegas oval anytime  	sadness
	 when you find an adorable dress and you can't fit it because it's too big and they don't make a bigger size 	sadness
	Wish I could have seen live in concert for days :(	sadness
	Almost time to leave Florida and go back to cold Michigan! :( 	sadness
	era meglio quella dove c'ero io 	sadness
	Why your creations are only for very thin people?? I'm in deep here :(	sadness
	Somebody's 22 year old son was killed this morning 	sadness
	When I think I'm feeling better I start to feel worse  	sadness
	I guess that means no date :( 	sadness
	  I miss Family Matters and Step by Step 	sadness
	A little piece of me does when I see a skinny stray cat 	sadness
	True! Wawa naman yung mga dinadamay nila sa Tuna coupling na yan tsk tsk :(( 	sadness
	never want to see any theory of finance ever again  exam unfortunately you will make me your bitch in a couple weeks 	sadness
	How can it already be Thanksgiving Break tomorrow night!!! 	sadness
	trist følese og ha sett alle friday night lights for andre 2 gangmå vell vente noen mnd før jeg ser alt på nytt 	sadness
	Bought a sweet new comforter brought it home and it was too short 	sadness
	And that makes 3  retired  Questionable for season LaMarcus_Aldridge Heart 	sadness
	Most of my friends left and tomorrow is my birthday 	sadness
	Someone rear-ended my car this morning Okay not my ACTUAL car but a silver Acura TSX 	sadness
	Well as long as we don't quit :/ But it isn't gonna be the same at all :( 	sadness
	Christmas songs lie to me The say jump in bedcover your head cause Santa clause is coming tonightyet Santa doesn't come 	sadness
	Home sweet cold home  	sadness
	I'd love daylight savings an all if I didn't have slight night blindness 	sadness
	Just let me live senior year all over againplease:(I'll give anything 	sadness
	Finally put the miata on the lot for sale 	sadness
	I love ur family!!! Ahahah adottamiiiiii qua a tavola bevo solo io e uno deo fratello! 	sadness
	had to leave my best friends house! :(	sadness
	kennedy wont send me taylor swift perfume  	sadness
	I'm also not wearing sleeves tonight Every time this happens I always feel really butch 	sadness
	sadly we were not aware of how busy it would be so didn't book Cheviot_Publish	sadness
	Io: Mamma c'è Zachary che sta dalla nonna negli Stati Uniti! Ci andiamo anche noi?& madre: Come no ci andiamo subito!  	sadness
	gettinv but kicked at scrabble Need to go back to english class  some d's on it!!!	sadness
	I Remember When I Didn't Know Exactly Wht An Orgasm Was But I Was Having Sex Tho 	sadness
	I miss having a smart phone I hate have to do everything myself  	sadness
	Three hours script edits and a giant Art Department email later and I STILL haven't touched my essay today Or worked out 	sadness
	no Walking Dead tonight! arggghhhhh 	sadness
	I've got no idea how are we gonna fill in the void for next 25 league games plus the cup games:/ 	sadness
	john daley aka sweets said watch tonights bones if you like to cry:( 	sadness
	depressed that i missing the AMAs :( stop tweeting you're making things worse with your necessary commentary 	sadness
	I not fine I guess its time to be alone Away 	sadness
	all cod games have the spawning issue 	sadness
	A chunk of our tree lights are out I have to go to the STORE ahhhhhh!  	sadness
	Ughhhhh I have to cut my hair for basic and it has to be above my collarsoon to be  ) 	sadness
	This whole time Hershel had Sofia in the Walker Barn  for shame   	sadness
	Some people will always live there life doing nothing and being sad 	sadness
	homies all go to ride ponies I look at them like a sad puppy  	sadness
	Coming home to a lovely warm bed but with the sad realization that you've only got 1/2 an hour till you have to leave again! 	sadness
	you might have made my night!  Tell your dad sorry Annabelle wasn't there:/ haha 	sadness
	Studying quiz/class nada class shower reading and homework 	sadness
	I absolutely hate math! Definitely failed this test 	sadness
	I feel as though you are trying to indirectly insult me 	sadness
	Just got followed by 7 new girls who if they were real I would hit on without shame Unfortunately they seem like bots 	sadness
	Mina and I would get really excited to play Mario Kartbut Sam won't go ask Ryan for it 	sadness
	I'm woundering y in the world is 25 days of christmas startin so early?! its gonna end on the 15th! wtf? 	sadness
	The awkward moment when your bag and wallet get locked in the French room  	sadness
	No fuse today plus no goodmorning text 	sadness
	my car got broken into at office maxwhat an awesome day i have no phone or camera or window 	sadness
	Alarm set for 5 hours and 7 minutes from now 	sadness
	My cat likes my bf way more than she likes me 	sadness
	Certain man are trying to make their riches by playing roulette 	sadness
	I knowwww I feel sick thinking about it 	sadness
	Oh no Budget troubles have killed this year's San Jose holiday parade Such a fun tradition 	sadness
	Mid-Season finale of the  	sadness
	Wish I could tweet what I'm feelingsummary: 	sadness
	 PJ Gore is in no way related to frank gore 	sadness
	Naturally I had to read all about them tonight and find out that poachers have them on the edge of extinction 	sadness
	I don't wanna leave UMass even if it's only for 5 days :( 	sadness
	I wish I could fall asleep so everything would stop hurting       	sadness
	And apparently I have been so selfish that now all of you have left =[    3	sadness
	apparently I'm allergic to most seafood :(	sadness
	I think I need to put the flip flop away yall 	sadness
	It will be awfully different not seeing big Albert in a cardinal uniform 	sadness
	wait since Sancha will be there We can't share nachos And I was really looking forward to that 	sadness
	That moment when they post an opening for your dream job but you don't have the relevant experience to get it 	sadness
	milk is starting 2 taste weird /3	sadness
	Why am I heading to Sydney tomorrow when I should be going to Melbourne to see my one true love!!!! Wahhhh!! 	sadness
	boredom want to plat skyrim but at a part tht i CANT beat for my LIFE! y does tht guy have to shoot icicles 	sadness
	I am feeling something take over I dont wanna talk to anybody or do anything im watching TV 	sadness
	i should have taken spanish but i wanted to be difficult Now i'm regretting my decision 	sadness
	Fuck the world and free the weak 	sadness
	holly moley I can't remember the last time!! 	sadness
	I never  true  until I was with u  and I never felt true until u left me  	sadness
	Where art thou my china eyes? 	sadness
	aww sad well I sad my teacher likes the broncos and I said that's 	sadness
	-_- RT In France in 2011 SNCF choosed to have a Full-Flash homepage I guess they just launched a Myspace page	sadness
	It's been a week and half since the last time I played a round of golf  I hate winter	sadness
	Harry Potter marathon! Yippeee! I hate you're working and missing it 	sadness
	Was craving some Buddy's pizza but there was an hour wait ended up at JAlexanders	sadness
	“LizRose82389: starting a Yoga class in late January if anyone's interested” you know I'd be down lizzard! Too bad I'm not closer! 	sadness
	It's kind of depressing when I keep losing followers 	sadness
	Lead in bed thinking about my Novembers in 2009 2010  2011 Something they have in common?!  	sadness
	I just found out that like 5 of my aunts have twitters and none of them follow me they all follow my sister /3	sadness
	For the record  was right I was wrong It wasn't a late fee it was the end of the promotional rate 	sadness
	I hate when u don't show up 	sadness
	Lmao RT Snell?? lol RT: I had to ask why her friend won't give me no play *side-eye* 	sadness
	Wondering where in the world is ?! I've not seen any inspiration from him lately 	sadness
	Already mad that tomorrow is going to suck  do I do?:/	sadness
	There is no ninth period Eighth period I was in my room We were watching Despicable Me Holcombe was in there too  	sadness
	Just realized this will be the first Christmas in two years that I won't get a treat bag from  the library crew 	sadness
	Ooooooh shit just found thingsaboutgirlfriends tumblr! Lets get ready to be sad!!  	sadness
	even more sad! I remember waking up extra early during high school just to listen to his show 	sadness
	That's the best you got? Good luck getting me in a cage I'm little but mighty I can take you	sadness
	Im such a huge fan of youand yet you don't follow me	sadness
	Im gonna make a maroon 5 kandi bracelet! Waiti cant I dont have a 5 bead	sadness
	No decent dancing pictures form Friday 	sadness
	Guess I should write my paper(s) now 	sadness
	I can't :/ I have a respiratory infection and have to get the rest of my research together for my debate tomorrow night 	sadness
	amyysaurus_rex: lol I love our extended wal-Mart trips! 3 :'( /3 I've been replaced 	sadness
	I hate days like today 	sadness
	terrible headache+15 hours left at work+hungry= 	sadness
	Who could hurt a baby?! Just heard a little 7 year old was found in a dumpster 	sadness
	I love the  cover album but Justin Beiber? Really 	sadness
	eagles converting on 4th and 20 against green bay in the playoffs a couple years ago  	sadness
	noo my geography homework!and its in for first lesson!:'( 	sadness
	So should I just turn off the TV now? Because this is upsetting  	sadness
	I ain tink he face fat he maybe tryin to get it fat 	sadness
	Eh RYAN GOSLING With the slightest possibility of such sexiness in our midst we are but blinded hopeful fangirls 	sadness
	So the line was too long to get a salted caramel mocha //3 	sadness
	well I guess some people jus dun wanna be happy 	sadness
	Holy crap!!! I got a whole TWO followers!!!! Life is just great 	sadness
	bro me so hungry! -___- but my mother won't let me eat so i guess she wants me to starve myself AGAIN! 	sadness
	The only things that ease the pain at all   	sadness
	She has the ass of a 14 year old Asian girl 	sadness
	Oh my God I just got an INTENSE craving for Knockout Wings Smh 	sadness
	nooooo it's a sign of things to comeno car no bike 	sadness
	ouch! -- I thought I was a debt free man (besides mortgage) before reading those stats 	sadness
	i made a stupid ass decision it friggen sucks i want a job so badly	sadness
	That awkward moment when u drop your fudgesicle down the stairs 	sadness
	Trying to support a friend whose world just came crashing down on her 	sadness
	I would change my name right now to Handsome Dick Manitoba  But it's already taken  	sadness
	 out loud it helps cleanse your mind    	sadness
	Grrr rain and possible snow scheduled for entirety of previously-scheduled outside shooting days 	sadness
	so I'm back for like 5 daysworkin' at cfact and you don't even come visit :( 	sadness
	Aaaannnddd I'm not going to get my lens  flash in time   Now to try  come up with a plan b 	sadness
	Ya callenseee ya se que todos van a chalet hoy :( 	sadness
	OMG no all my family got to it before i had a chance and it was my birthday cant believe i missed out 	sadness
	Sometimes it takes to know  noise to   and absence to value  ~ Unknown  	sadness
	I miss my dog  my best friend  Dezi  even David's bitchness I miss my nerdherd  i won't see them for 5 days 	sadness
	Nooooo! My dad turned off the internet so I can't listen to band music! 	sadness
	 Is The Friend That Wants You AroundIs The Enemy That Wants To Keep You DownChoose to be !!!! :-)	sadness
	I lost my tanning goggles:( 	sadness
	It's such a cock tease to win the heisman and listen to less than impressive speakers	sadness
	So close to Big Lots and yet I can't go 	sadness
	i was there in soho one week ago i feel really blue now  	sadness
	I can tell that your not use to the truth all the time It's sad really   	sadness
	No 3 on 3 tourney this morninghell I don't even think anyone signed up besides me and like 2 people	sadness
	Tom's changed his Twitter username TOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DON'T LEAVE ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	sadness
	Been in my living room for almost 2 days straight lol	sadness
	9 décembre 2011 l Europe à 2 vitesses est définitivement en marche 	sadness
	I want coffee2 days in a row without it 	sadness
	harris teeter coming back from potomacyou weren't there 	sadness
	When your bed at home isn't as comfy as the one at school 	sadness
	So basically wish I could have been shooting tonight since there is no photographers in the pit 	sadness
	my California cousins left today It was definitely a good time though 	sadness
	Needing coffee Why do I not live closer to a Starbucks 	sadness
	If u r listening to 850 right now understand why I am embarrassed to be a Clevelander! 	sadness
	Could really do with a home cooked meal from future wife right about now 	sadness
	No afternoon nap for me burning my episodes into DVD to prepare for Stu the Hard Drive's reformat :(	sadness
	3:30am my guy friend was gonna come up to my window and I fell asleep  before he came :( 	sadness
	That moment when you finally accept the truth that you aint shit to her and you never will be 	sadness
	At my sister's for dinner Without my own phone or laptop :/	sadness
	Everyone on the east coast is already taking their thanksgiving napsss  	sadness
	 RT mikeallen: WASHINGTON (AP) - Rep Barney Frank's office says he won't seekre-election in 2012	sadness
	Why are there christmas movies on TV?!?! i'm not ready for cold weather yet 	sadness
	haha nah man I'll miss that lab actually and last clad with ya 	sadness
	Can't you see how this is killing me inside I love you too much and I still do/: 	sadness
	lol I have no idea On a side note I haven't read it since may 	sadness
	my anxiety is so high i was shaking WHY does my child hate me / im tired of crying and feeling like a failure and a mom 	sadness
	Whose Wiz Khalifa? shake of the head in disbelief  	sadness
	left my coffee and muffin in my last class :( 	sadness
	jealousy And them not playing anywhere near me the rest of the year? :/ 	sadness
	Lapit kn dating Magiging friends pb tyo??? Magppansinan pb??? O wala na tlga chance to talk 	sadness
	Yeah it does! Esp since I want to pursue an acting career  	sadness
	been waiting for this moment for forever  just too scared to to  	sadness
	gonna be at work during the  game today 	sadness
	che sfaiga! Io non so perchè sono così tranquilla forse perchè ho la consapevolezza di non avere soldi :( 	sadness
	Can't have my Apple Jacks there's no ice for my milk :( 	sadness
	Ugh worst night :( 	sadness
	Also someone took down the Swanson Pyramid of Greatness that was in the lab 	sadness
	All I wanted was a Monday morning makeover and my salon is closed 	sadness
	well I'm still kinda jealous!! Weren't you involved with a wonderful guy not to long ago?	sadness
	I miss her so much Huhhhh!!! If only i had that chance to b with her before she left!!! 	sadness
	I don't wanna goo to school :'( !!!  	sadness
	At this very moment in history nothing important has happened and nothing ever will 	sadness
	Je suis en train de finir Secret of Mana Je vais enfin pouvoir mourir en paix    	sadness
	Can't believe there will be no more Buehrle on the south side He'll just be at South Beach instead 	sadness
	Amazon lied about two day shipping My phone isn't coming until Wednesday! 	sadness
	No Booster Juice on campus 	sadness
	Sebastian Village is pissing me off I still don't have my mailbox key 	sadness
	Feeling like a dope In Vegas most of my coworkers were also friends (you know who you are!) Here I can't seem to make that happen 	sadness
	Visiting sister at her job Don't want to grow up 	sadness
	S'allonger pour l'éternité Tout oublier ne plus avoir de regrets arrêter de se faire mal 	sadness
	104 characters can't describe my feelings right now 	sadness
	Ang lungkot lang Alam mong may BV sayo andaming gawain tapos mukhang sad and makakarelate pa ako sa The Distance To Andromeda 	sadness
	I would have work on a great day when I could be on the bike or setting up for Xmas wit mom drinking coquito 	sadness
	I hear Michelle Duggar's baby passed And that people are saying shitty things about it I'm glad I don't see that in my stream 	sadness
	At the end of the day more Americans will know about the Herman Cain press conference than the climate change one  	sadness
	Finally homenow off to the funeral 	sadness
	friday night at home without mom that's gonna be  T_T	sadness
	Weehh Ricki Lake made Derek lose :'(  	sadness
	first day of not wearing my cross necklace since i got it and i'm not getting it back til christmas 	sadness
	So erkd Been doing this speech for a week  still can't get it Yea I'm boutta fail my communications class -__- 	sadness
	wow that is a lot no peanut butter 	sadness
	many ppl lie 2 themselves even when 1 cud plainly point out 2 dat person totally rationally reasons why they're lying 2 themselves 	sadness
	Unable to download Path because I have an ancient iPod 	sadness
	my family stilll doesnt have a tree up and i will tweet this every day untill we do the haisley house	sadness
	Good morning my honey missing you loads have a good day	sadness
	Not gonna lie I'm hungry But Mom packed all the food for tomorrow's trip back home 	sadness
	feet are killing  hate standing all day work 	sadness
	Was so excited that it was saturday last day of my work week  Then I remembered that I have to work tomorrow too 	sadness
	Hey friends stop drifting away from me  I miss you all 	sadness
	What the hell has happened to the online LA Times Crossword puzzle? 	sadness
	Mo' Money Mo' Problems 	sadness
	I'm going to miss my little brother so much when I go to college 	sadness
	+1 :P RT It pains my heart to see leave 	sadness
	Slightly bummed out- I have english muffins left over from my party but no butter to put on them after toasting 	sadness
	I hate the rain Wish I could go home 	sadness
	Oro allora :)son spariti tutti da twitter oggi 	sadness
	Seeing the Iphone 4S advert and wanting it! Way out of my budget! 	sadness
	Really wanna watch a movie but my brother has the PS3 :( 	sadness
	Said jeans were sighed over admired sighed over again smoothed admired sighed over and finally thrown into the Goodwill pile 	sadness
	Are kids these days going to grow up thinking Dr Dre just made headphones? 	sadness
	if this was the last new episode of  i ever get to watch i may just cry :'( 	sadness
	Ok estudiantes of Oklahoma State the student section is basically empty  	sadness
	Happy thanksgiving :)  thanksgiving breakfast then my game Last cheerleading game of the session 	sadness
	Kinda feels weird having people grow up in a faster pace than me 	sadness
	When you learn that your computer is broken until March you are going to be depressed   	sadness
	Missing my flat tummy ): its always super flat in the morning and then in the evening its like hugee :/ 	sadness
	As soon as I get back home I'll be ready to go back to campus 	sadness
	I wish there was a forever 21 where I live :(  or that I had a Visa 	sadness
	He think he so in luv he in luv wit a slut 	sadness
	I guess I should be thankful I even have a job but not being able to eat with my family doesn't make me thankful for anything :/ 	sadness
	EATING A 1KG TUB OF STRAWBERRY YOGHURT BUT MY STRAWBERRIES ALL SUNK TO THE BOTTOM 	sadness
	I feel like my hairs getting shorter  maybe its because i rash about short hair  	sadness
	I didn't grow up as I should you (heigh) the worse: I know is all my fault 	sadness
	Kinda ruins your day when you check twitter and you have one less follower 	sadness
	Why don't we have more inspring people like John Keating? 	sadness
	I can't help but to think Tia's---(Melanie off the game) pregnancy is the only reason The Game's season won't begin in January 	sadness
	welp my fucking day started out great! -______- hopefully work will cheer me up  	sadness
	Everyday I see someone getting their acceptance letter and I die a little inside because I havent gotten mine yet ):	sadness
	Driving a convertible in the rain is such a depressing thing 	sadness
	Shut your dirty mouth!!! This is one of those days when I need flowers! 	sadness
	Went to the Oregon Duck game last night saw and  	sadness
	she's a Toydarian! Mind tricks don't work on she 	sadness
	Kourtney Kardashian pregnant with baby  in the same week Kim said she felt destined to never have children 	sadness
	This movie adjusment bureau is crazydude goin fool and he aint even taste the smack smh 	sadness
	Lmao wht I just heardthis chick iS so intimidated by me and I'm not in the picture! 	sadness
	For some reason naps make my eyes swell up I gotta fight the urge to nap now :( 	sadness
	This is the first year I won't be a crazy on black Friday 	sadness
	Just said bye to my girls I won't see them until next August after spending 3 months as their mentor!	sadness
	wahhhhh! left substitute phone charger at work  my real charger is broken! my phone is dead so no phone til tomorrow! =((((	sadness
	welcome to my life 5 days a week 3 	sadness
	Don't you love the feeling you get when you realize you lost a follower on twitter! 	sadness
	I hate knowing we are splitting apart\3 	sadness
	No it doesn't work like that!  You are supposed to call or text back TODAY while it is still a day early!  X(  	sadness
	Great comes with  The result is often in Look in the mirror look at urself what u see is often the  himself	sadness
	Ion get it? What satifiscation do you get out of telling everyone your pregnant when your not?????? 	sadness
	 drifting the shit out of fort mall parking lot  	sadness
	Tomorrow looks to be a Coke day! Boom baby  	sadness
	Wow when someone gets in to a relationship  they automatically do to facebook  thats what i call 	sadness
	I forget how it feels to like someone  I miss da days of crushing but im happy w/ my relationship !	sadness
	Non mi hanno consegnato l'abete quest'anno =( T____T  e io ora cosa faccio senza albero di natale 	sadness
	sitting with tommy's granny chattin about rossnowlagh :( feels weird i havent been up all year 	sadness
	Saying that exams are next week I dub this Friday useless and will officially be no fun  	sadness
	I'VE LOST MY BAG OF CANDY  I better not have trashed it Golly I'm starting to think I'm getting really absentminded	sadness
	 Cue-Ball Slaphead Kojak Egghead Chrome Dome MegaMind Sir Recede-A-Lot Mr No Friends   	sadness
	They don't have Poland springs water in the airport 	sadness
	The ONLY thing that makes me feel better about  getting knocked out is that bayern beat city 	sadness
	Anne Hathaway will never be my wife? :'( Congrats Anne -- I love you 3	sadness
	what time is it???  time?? LOOL no not a chance 	sadness
	A little sad today My grandma's sister passed yesterday and I can't be there for granny! Damn college :-( 	sadness
	my sister changed its water and killed it longest time I've ever had a fish 	sadness
	you're so welcome madelineerich8! so glad I could make your night! love you please don't leave me :( i'm gonna miss you so much! 	sadness
	So I guess I'm not going to drunken game night 	sadness
	Ladies appreciate your men they just might be selling skyrim to get you a christmas present 	sadness
	Sooo tired but can't fall asleep 	sadness
	Ahhhh! I missed you AGAIN! :( I'm going to have to move to Australia aren't I I miss you soooo much! DionneLister	sadness
	I miss her like a lot but she wants nothing to do with me So I guess its time to give up swallowed by 	sadness
	How Can Your Afro Be Sticking Out The Back Of Your Snap Back :O 	sadness
	Did you delete your fbook? I just went to respond to your magnificent tv post but I could not find it  	sadness
	I guess you will have to wait and find out if you die or not 	sadness
	Oh I feel it !& the mall with my mom   	sadness
	That really obvious thing that the one person you want to notice doesn't 	sadness
	what happens if you pay with your card but there's no balance left then you pay with cash or whatever no stars?! 	sadness
	:( ughh work is gna fucking suck ass now since ur leaving 	sadness
	imagination of thoughts  imagery distort reality it is ur personal interpretation in that moment Drop it  	sadness
	sometimes its like i live in a zoo because it is so loud  i actually think im going to miss this zooone week til i move out 	sadness
	I really want to visit Eric Foremans' basement but the cast memeber took everything Lol 	sadness
	Determined to make my mom's birthday great cause she'll be all depressed since my dad isn't here 	sadness
	Volleyball season is over correction high school volleyball is over /3  	sadness
	The awkward moment when you wake up at 8 to find out your traveling in less that an hour :( 	sadness
	Happiness is a reward not a reaction  	sadness
	Aw that was a cute Kim and Kris moment 	sadness
	Come visit me at Cerritos mall Here all night by myself 	sadness
	shit nvm i jus googled itt that's what my uncle wearss! he's gone till march tho ( 	sadness
	Department stores are ruining the true meaning behind the holiday season which is about spending time with family and friends 	sadness
	have u missed the point of  auch a dry spell desserts feel for him 	sadness
	you switched to iPhone!!!! had no idea gotta delete u a a bbm contact now! 	sadness
	Let go of the distraction long enough 2 sense reality       	sadness
	I just found out I still have Dragonsong from when I was a kid(stolen from my public school library btwhee!)	sadness
	FIFA tournament with the boys Milan is now out in the semi-final to City Eternal sadness!  	sadness
	It's a huge part of my life and I can't tell anybody except SOME family 	sadness
	stressing and running out of time to get this stuff done! 	sadness
	3/4 length pajama bottoms are full length on me     	sadness
	I hate when people call me selfish its the meanest thing you can say to meworst feeling ever 	sadness
	  when you find out you girlfriends in a relationship with another girl	sadness
	Poor KaitlinWilbanks she needs sleep so bad  	sadness
	Waaaaaah my shirt is deteriorating as we speak just because I pulled one thread 	sadness
	Crying so hard right now Drako killed the FUCK outta Dumbledore 	sadness
	you're such a business school success   	sadness
	haha mange tak men ja det kan du have ret i 	sadness
	about to shave my mug and my dome 	sadness
	Normally mih free tym wud be tlkn shit  gooffin around wif dah one i love buh l8ly it's been full of 	sadness
	Really wish I wouldn't get emails from  telling me all about their new bags that I can't have or afford right now 	sadness
	Final CSA cult meeting 	sadness
	So sad leaving NY Im going to miss my family my grandma  :(	sadness
	Dear Contests: I want to enter you but I don't have the $25 for an entry fee :[ 	sadness
	I guess I'd rather hurt than feel nothing at all!!!I need you now!!  it causes great 	sadness
	Amazing grace is the worst song Why is it sung at every funeral I go to? Every time I hear it I cry My body is still shaking 	sadness
	the best time to cry is in the rain so nobody can see your crying 	sadness
	NOOOKylie goes home today!  school starts tomorrow!=/ 	sadness
	WANT ENGLISH BULLDOG PUPPY   	sadness
	Batman isn't as small as he was when we got him last week 	sadness
	I miss hanging out with AM Lee and Jay Those were good times 	sadness
	Putting off decorating my house for Christmas until tomorrow Have to grade papers and write lesson plans tonight 	sadness
	they are nothing but a one sided news cast anyway so that's expected	sadness
	Bro team lost  Least he played with swag 	sadness
	that akward moment when your mom asks you to find out how much eharmony is 	sadness
	this shit hurt my feelings i'm unfollowing some one :( 	sadness
	All day I'm  for  to shatter  Join me	sadness
	they say bad news comes in 3s but we've surpassed that this month One more angel in the sky  	sadness
	you should change your bio you're not on the road with AI anymore 	sadness
	Gotta love those tv shows/ movies that make you cry! :( 	sadness
	Nice to see an old friend from camp come visit Missing my blue group! 	sadness
	It's always been a tradition in my family for all the girls to go shopping Thanksgiving night But we're not doing it this year :( 	sadness
	Helpin Brandon and brittany move her parents stuff! 	sadness
	Gah nooo I need a ds light charger asap :( the battery is dying man there goes my educational fun 	sadness
	after going to that alpha probate last nighti realized im a disgrace to the stereotype of black women dancing really well :(	sadness
	wooww i told u not to take pics of me in the locker room :/ 	sadness
	but I'm not allowed wearing them to school 	sadness
	thanksgiving dinners are epic deliciousness 	sadness
	I'm sitting in my car in my driveway jamming by myself  Bc I have no friends 	sadness
	I guess you can say I'm officially single :(	sadness
	My bunny ears of my cell phone cover are falling off 	sadness
	Stick with the true mates u got not the fake one that have a go at u for no reason 	sadness
	i am glad you had fun at your concert  I really wish you would RT me  I feel like giving up trying :'(  	sadness
	so tireddon't want break to be over just yet :(   	sadness
	ughhh im not gonna be with you all tomorrow cuz im on a ceramics trip :(((( i'll give coach my secret santa gift	sadness
	hates waking up when Im in a deep sleep :(	sadness
	Observing show choir rehursal because I don't want to go home 	sadness
	I need to wash my Car asap  its been raining n I ain't washed it n 3weeks 	sadness
	Went to the dentist and found out I have my first cavity in 10 years  	sadness
	For me this isn't just a dream but a bitter reality 	sadness
	Nick just officially left for Tennessee 	sadness
	Sitting here at the band banquet I'm slowly realizing that I will be giving a speech next year 	sadness
	Can't tell you how bad I feel right now quitting smoking :(	sadness
	Sick inflamed into my   Read these pages of my life n watch my story unfold	sadness
	Dropped my laptop and screen went blank while still on Good news: computer and screen are fine Bad news: lost 500 words of essay 	sadness
	I want to go into a cave and hidejust thinking of it will anyone miss me?  what do you think 	sadness
	Christmas is less than a month away and I'm already tired of most Christmas music! 	sadness
	yesmy eyes got so watery when the mom came from talking to the doc I thought Blair just lost the baby or something 	sadness
	Finally finished with matric and now I have to wait at school till 3 for a lift home wtf 	sadness
	Why do I feel like I've lost all my friends:?:-/ 	sadness
	I have 1 Christmas wish 1! And yet it just won't happen:( 	sadness
	I don't think I could be less excited for my birthday 	sadness
	My mom never makes food and my brother eats all the left overs 	sadness
	You know it's time to get your monthly allowance when your grandparents forgot how to answer the phone  	sadness
	at this time last week we were on the way home 	sadness
	curl around the concrete to keep warm on the dark nights and no debbie wont come and get you she hates missing x factor 	sadness
	Last bowling club meeting of the semester ? I think so	sadness
	Soo tired I don't want and to leave 	sadness
	My family just left me They're never coming back 	sadness
	going loner to target panache and hob lob	sadness
	after 6 years olf faithful backpacks zipper breaks 	sadness
	going to watch my teammates play for the first time in 9 years without being on the court with them  	sadness
	I hate watching movies set back when women didn't have rights They never get to be with the men they love 	sadness
	Just make it a lifelong event  RT madbec42: 2 minutes until  is over 	sadness
	it's so weird not being with my family this year 	sadness
	I want tater totscampus does not make tater tots 	sadness
	After tmrw you won't have the pleasure of my positive bubbly smiley presence! What are u going to do?? 	sadness
	people are crazy to let vidic-ferdinand go out from our place  	sadness
	Rememember that feeling when you was a kid and u opened a present to receive clothes  	sadness
	Such a messy girl RT erinava: Coffee all over my Bill Russell book :'( 	sadness
	Don't beat them down too bad! Lol	sadness
	i just played this stupid game for like ever and than died right before i was about to pass it 	sadness
	I realized that for all my love of horror movies I don't own a lot of them 	sadness
	Still in bed soo tired Can't get up Have lots of coursework Help     	sadness
	 was amazing too bad the finale is next week 	sadness
	Still at work finishing the edit for our special tomm on Herman Cain and I'm missing celebration at Gold Bar 	sadness
	date checking frozen section :( its never rotated properly :'( 	sadness
	I hate every time peanut takes a nap i can't / 	sadness
	Hate forwards that say if you do not forward this to 9 ppl god will not love you I'm pretty sure god will still love me ! :(	sadness
	when your ucas card doesnt get accepted as a discount card online 	sadness
	Busy busy day todayyyyy which includes getting tutored for math -_- 	sadness
	I don't think I'm going to get it though cos it's from America so that's like £30 + postage and import tax 	sadness
	This game is infuriating We're not losing But we should be winning by more 	sadness
	Ok gonna try hard to sleep now! Got work at 7 	sadness
	Billboard on the way home makes 3 apps I've made that I've seen advertised in the real world—easily my worst 3 	sadness
	this made me laugh cause i'll be in cabo  doubt i'll be getting one !! 	sadness
	I wanted to lay in bed for a bit but i guess im off to pay this thing befofe I can rest 	sadness
	My dog can't jump up on my bed anymore He needs to be carried 	sadness
	Apparently it is possible to have too much ice cream :( 	sadness
	Just cried watching The Last Song And I've seen it a billion times before 	sadness
	Im scared  disappointed to find out that you tweet  drive :/ 	sadness
	L'ami qui écoute sans repères de Sniper histoire un peu trop vrai pour lui Je vous avoue que je sais pas comment réagir là 	sadness
	BLAST!! I would've loved to get a shot of that beautiful display!! 	sadness
	 : I am officially addicted to caffeine Specifically 2 daily shots of espresso Wasted 3 coffee-less hrs not doing work	sadness
	Screw work screw winter I wish it was summer already 	sadness
	I feel like that light going out was symbolic of our hope dying 	sadness
	Flashbacks from the happy times in the past 	sadness
	wyy ppl put 9month olds in pageents wen sum kant even wlk! 	sadness
	so aren't coming to Atlanta on their NA tour next year	sadness
	I'm offended to learn isnt following me on twitter 	sadness
	Lark in the Morning Seattle: closed permanently 	sadness
	that song is my life I love him but only on my own 	sadness
	Thinking about going back to school literally depresses me Why did I take such awful classes my senior year? 	sadness
	Still hoping that life isn't one big fall: from the highest clouds to the cold dry ground 	sadness
	going in my bed and staying there in the dark for tonight and all of  my sunday	sadness
	Moving Good bye old house Hello new house 	sadness
	 That's my girl!!! Awww damn! No lido deck for me! 	sadness
	That sad feeling you get when you can really tell the week end is over!!!  	sadness
	2011WHATZ WRONG WITH YOU !? wanna delete !!!!!  these   !!!!  good!!!!	sadness
	No twitter for 2 weeks I shall die Bye bye twitter see ya in 14 days  	sadness
	Last episode of Glee season	sadness
	why does Thanksgiving Time feel 10x faster than SD Time?  	sadness
	saw a fat one body suit right down to the draws smh 	sadness
	I wish there were actually good things on tv this lateHow Come I never see episodes of HOUSE on anymore :( dr house is a  :)	sadness
	I wish harry potter was never ending 	sadness
	January 6th Wizards of Waverly place premiers the final episode it's gonna be a long long long long day for me ___________ 	sadness
	My love wont text me back 	sadness
	Happy twitties: what to do- 2day had tearful breakup with ex- no more contact etc- lots of crying moving on- any ideas? 	sadness
	My life is based on a true story 	sadness
	I was looking for u  in hardware yesterday but i was gna b late so i left :( 	sadness
	That moment when you wake up and that person you want to beside you isn't there 	sadness
	Sandwichmaking me a sandwich Alone :'( 	sadness
	Why do I have to leave my family  live alone !! &  	sadness
	Yung feeling na nakita ka na ng pinakaclose friend mo tapos hnd ka pinansin :(( 	sadness
	Think U Lucky  in France We Dont Got No Thanx Giving =/ 	sadness
	Please pray for me I'm going to poop without my phone 	sadness
	My Dad Just Back From Work Bye  	sadness
	I miss getting 3rd degree burns everyday 	sadness
	How come you guys never play Billy Talent or Our Lady Peace anymore? 	sadness
	 season finale at least modern family and happy endings are still rolling	sadness
	Jailbroke my iPod using redsn0w 099b8 Feeling slightly troubled with the sad tetheredness of it all  	sadness
	Coffee all over my Bill Russell book :'( 	sadness
	pretty sure last time I asked you to hang you passed?   	sadness
	enjoy it I fuckin lost the money 	sadness
	It's been so long! As the day comes closer I miss my place more! 	sadness
	Day after your birthday/christmas= worst days ever  	sadness
	Brother is leaving with my cutest niece ever 	sadness
	Sometimes the person who gives& unexplained happiness& become the reason for your& 	sadness
	Talking about death in class on this yucky day 	sadness
	Omg! likes short girls!!  But isnt he dating rebecca black?? :( 	sadness
	That moment when you see a hot guy and then you turn around he's gone :( 	sadness
	worst thing that could happen while your printing stuff ink runs out 	sadness
	Goin to bed  School tomorrow :'(( 	sadness
	Midwood is such an ugly ass neighborhood nowadays 	sadness
	ughh I feel so bad : ( I can't win fast money for you cuz all the computers en mi casa are occupied!  	sadness
	Packing up your guitar because you think you're going to get to go jam then immediately unpacking it because you can't 	sadness
	RafikiJ: I never fail to get sick during dead week   dude me too 	sadness
	Fuck man! Can't get over the fact that I live in durbanville :( wana move to town side!!! So I can see all my friend more! mis home	sadness
	Weather for leatherbut sad am all alone home with only my hand and ten fingers 	sadness
	Lolz aw Batman the Brave and the Bold got cancelled =( 	sadness
	finally back from class but no time to snuggle up in bed :( 	sadness
	My 5yo sister is the only difficult goodbye :( 2 weeks left to spend w/ her	sadness
	Most of my boos have lost so far I need the Chicago Made Punk to come thru for me	sadness
	OMGFactsSex: A 2008 study found that self-absorbed devious and thrill-seeking men do better with women haha	sadness
	I feel your pain man 	sadness
	Was just informed that the Magic aren't printing out the fancy ticket booklets this year for season ticket holders 	sadness
	I miss all the things I did I don't play trumpet anymoreI'm not singing 	sadness
	I don't wanna go to school :( goodnight love 3	sadness
	Sooo sad  RT Ohh_AC: Soooooo one of Famu's drum majors died after his performance yesterday 	sadness
	if u sleep with you maybe could have fun we will pay u in gum more flow someone 	sadness
	Also Leah brought home a single slice of apple pie and our Evil Other Roommate ate it while I slept  	sadness
	Breaking news Joe Paterno has treatable form of lung cancer how much worse can it get for Joe-Pa 	sadness
	Why does ignore the competitive community? I miss DavidVonderhaar :( 	sadness
	After spending an entire weekend in angst MONDAY is the day my brain kicks into revision ideas mode THANKS BUT DAY JOB 	sadness
	Critics Hate Ambition Lmao There On this nigga Wale's head 	sadness
	hates when you love someone and they just walk out on you and act like nothing ever happened:'(	sadness
	It feels odd to watch American Horror Story without and 	sadness
	Now I can't sleep because I'm excited for school  	sadness
	Can't wait to leave this place Can't feel the funkiness anymore 	sadness
	Girlfriend has a boner Am I concerned? Only that I'm not with her  	sadness
	Una ya no esta pa estos trotes de la rumba 	sadness
	“primadonna_lala: I wanna pre-order Rapture but I dont have any $      ” Nice 	sadness
	cant find sweaty race pics of me and  to put on fb 	sadness
	I hate that feeling when I think everyone is making big moves in life and I'm just struggling along with no direction 	sadness
	A quanto pare il xmas mood di quest'anno e`velato di negativita`!!! 	sadness
	Holy man do I ever want to watch State of Play but it's not available on any station I seem to have :(  	sadness
	Don't feel good and I got a math test 	sadness
	just got home from Shangrilanakbuy na ng idodonate sa charity/GMAbukas! sayang wala si sa party p	sadness
	I just wanna have to feel that lovely feeling inside when you're in love 	sadness
	Time to do one of the hardest things that life entails 	sadness
	People who like Twilight more over Harry Potter  	sadness
	i think that if your friend asks for support you give it to them without judgment 	sadness
	Bag strap broke today watch broke yesterday lucky my laptop  camera was ok after bag fell :(	sadness
	Well i prayed to God that I didnt go to jail today he answered But I didn't pray not to go back to Trinity for 9 months 	sadness
	hate to say it but only been gone a day and miss west point 	sadness
	Thrice isn't breaking up But essentially they are ): The spring tour will be their last Oh my heart is crushed ): 	sadness
	Headache and no aspirin in the vicinity 	sadness
	I'm definitely designated driver tonight for my sisters that I lovee Too much homework to go out :( oh well Gonna be up all night!	sadness
	Damn! Loved that place too! RT GailSimone: Check Newschangeorg for the full scoop on Chick-fil-a's homophobic official stance	sadness
	Bae gone have a tough dayGod be with this family who has to bury their 1 year old baby girl :'( God will take good care of her♡	sadness
	Everyone is gifted but some people never open their presents!!! 	sadness
	Dit is echt gemeen net als ik die aflevering super graag wil zien staat ie er niet op :( 	sadness
	11:11 i wish for a lot of things but most of all i wish that them three boys would come back to us ( 	sadness
	Yay! won the FIFA12 press tournament! Congrats!  But let's not talk about how it went for me 	sadness
	I miss how things used to be I miss our friendship 	sadness
	Damn my earphones broke ! :( it's like my third pair in a month ! 	sadness
	yeah food will satisfy me and make up for all this 	sadness
	Thinking of all my babies today Wish I could hold the ones I lost and hear their voices 	sadness
	when dis blow up all u going hear is that is a campionite start it 	sadness
	Ahahahaha io l'ho fatto da sola invece 	sadness
	I feel so tired and sick 	sadness
	I'm about to throw my phone off the eifle tower Need an iPhone 	sadness
	Managing negative emotions can be tough   and can be managed effectively with the use of 	sadness
	Still sick!!! basically slept in the bathroom! And I didn't even drink	sadness
	When u are sad and lonely remember this is true someone somewhere is thinking of you   	sadness
	I never really paid any type of attention to Ryan Dunn However I have stumbled upon his tribute special 	sadness
	Crap The Waxahachie Indians lost by a field goalIt was a good season boys Try again next year 	sadness
	sometimes I spend my nights watching Youtube clips of old games 	sadness
	In every  give you something wonderfull  He take off the bad actions  !	sadness
	That awkward moment when you find out that your voice sounds like a raging homosexual's voice 	sadness
	I guess everyone's wish came true last night no more twitter or phone for me 	sadness
	I alwayz get the craving 2 text shtuff to  then I realize the banter is no longer alive 	sadness
	my cellphone is dead my computer is dead so im dead 	sadness
	Still not sure how Roland Emmerich got away with naming his horrible movie after a great Heinlein book from the 1949 	sadness
	being really excited for plans on a friday then they don't work out 	sadness
	sooooooo mad i couldn't go to the ACC Championship because of all this work i gotta do 	sadness
	There's so much emotional stress! Schools tomorrow I did no homework My stomach is too full and i have no prom date 	sadness
	i'm not even close to having an idea for my essay and all i want to do is lie in my bed and eat french fries 	sadness
	Man y I feel bad boud dhis I tried to do wad ws right gues I'm jus kindhearted nd dnt lyk 	sadness
	I will edit the Gardener I will I swear    	sadness
	I honestly want to keep dancing but my feet hurt :( 	sadness
	122511 will be a very hard day for me  nt looking forward to it ! 	sadness
	is so nice to dream about someone that you'll wanna meetbut is just a dream | 	sadness
	I lost 4kg due to illness 	sadness
	Noo trying to watch harry potter part 2 and it shut off!! whyyyyy! 	sadness
	I'm gonna miss all the Black Friday Commercials 	sadness
	smoothies are the best at any time any temperature We have no smoothie availability at lehigh 	sadness
	Visto un video spoiler di  dove Santana fa coming-out con la nonna Dico solo: Tante lacrime! 	sadness
	I can't wait to see you tonight!!!! oh wait you're not coming home til tomorrow :( 	sadness
	hilda Luna gag bisa gombal lagi Gag ada yg luna gombalin He leave me forever 	sadness
	The bored roomthe bored examsthe bored waiterthe bored gamesthe bored classroomthe bored teachersthe bored everything 	sadness
	I meant that you aren't accompanied by any But yeah the other fact is strange too FS isn't really that hot here 	sadness
	I legit found out two seconds ago she had drained it 	sadness
	Don't fight  with fire Fight fire with  can be healed by   with  	sadness
	Mais mais t'as Jack pour les sourcils! Ou Pingu! Je vais être obligée de me foutre de ta gueule maintenant 	sadness
	EXACTLY!!!! and they look at me weird cuz I don't got the next wiz album or lil Wayne albumits yo 	sadness
	Awes don't be homesick hun! 	sadness
	Remember when we talked about marriage Talk about forever and always? 	sadness
	I have absolutely nothing to do on a Friday night 	sadness
	Watching a person you love go away for a long time kills 	sadness
	I wish one day there's a signage on the train saying NO BAD BREATH CAN BOARD THE TRAIN 	sadness
	Getting into the christmas spirit has never been so hard bring on the stereotypes I don't careWHERE'S THE SNOW ia	sadness
	Había una oferta en el hipercor de 2 ponies de la nueva generación por 7€ pero solo estaban de las protas Rainbow Dash y Futtershy 	sadness
	just ate 8 of out 16 peices of shortbread Half a fucking tray 	sadness
	Gianlt monkeyfree drinksbachatasalsahip hopfist pumpinand no cabsif you see this call me it will be a long walk home 	sadness
	I just wanna know why hasn't hit me with that follow backeven though he knowssss I'm his biggest fan!? lol	sadness
	one of my favs! it was on cbs a few hours ago stupid people came over to my house so I missed it 	sadness
	My lil brother just called my hubby a dirty red head 	sadness
	I'll check babe! But it's gonna take me a while as in this moment I've got just cell phone internet connection 	sadness
	Telling a moving out story  	sadness
	Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy looks so great but literally no theater in Athens or at home is playing it when it comes out on Friday 	sadness
	 finding out (the hard way) im allergic to chik-fil-a :'-(( 	sadness
	People always turn out to be the person they said they wouldnt be 	sadness
	Just checked it out - only for iPhone So guess my Droid-loving self can't use 	sadness
	Glad to know I'm not the only one who likes weird food during late hours in the night However I have no milkshake 	sadness
	A part ça mon ex a la même coupe de cheveux que Justin Bieber Et un BOUC 	sadness
	agree with you about doubting the benefits of 3d Good for making money but ruins the experience of the film for me 	sadness
	Feeling left out at guelph party 	sadness
	Selling all of my old snowball dresses and my first homecoming dress  ):	sadness
	Its so sad that after the national day fun food nice weather I walk back into Archi building back to work 	sadness
	Fact 70: My pillow pet never talks to me anymore David_Swyers	sadness
	I DONT KNOW :( I just hope it wasn't tinker I didn't lookI'll figure this one out by process of elimination 	sadness
	When EdgarGtzSo's phone dies and you're super duper bored 	sadness
	That has to be the worst  Mrs Mcintyre made me clean her room to go! 	sadness
	I cannot believe I'm going to leave TJ Maxx without those Kate Spade boots I'm losing it 	sadness
	I have never been so sad for the final lecture of a class Life and Teachings of Jesus=best class ever! 	sadness
	Forgetting that you've already eaten your advent calender chocolate and being very sad when you realise its gone 	sadness
	Sumpah gue rindu lo gue kangen lo hanyalah lo yg gue pikirin saat ini 	sadness
	American horror story wwhat are you doing to my HEAD 	sadness
	No es tan pene la  pero EXTRAÑO LA MÍA 	sadness
	Pa: 'ach die is volgend jaar toch weer jarig?' ma: 'niet iedereen is volgend jaar weer jarig…' fijn daar ging m'n eetlust 	sadness
	The album isnt out in my country yet guess im not gonna get my day made by follow or RT guess its not my lucky day 	sadness
	Gonna have an absoulute mental and emotional breakdown if them tickets are sold out :/ :(	sadness
	Well  is off to an awesome start My car quit And I mean QUIT -- 	sadness
	im in mr lacher class and I miss OUR class!!!! 	sadness
	I really don't like holidays I miss my parents being together! Its just not the same 	sadness
	People party like it's a religion -____- 	sadness
	Some people thrive off drama and say they have nothing to do with it 	sadness
	- I can hear Any Winehouse's new album playing downstairs 	sadness
	I wish I could go to the black Friday sale at target I want pointless stuff that I wouldn't buy if it wasn't like free 	sadness
	Well I just finished watching hair tutorials I want to try them out but I think I would need a LOT of practice 	sadness
	It's basically coming a downpour at the track right now 	sadness
	Most of the people who call me by my childhood nickname are dead 	sadness
	my heart just broke a little because i found out marcus collins is gay 	sadness
	I have come to accept that sometimes on the weekend I get in my bed at 9 	sadness
	The kitten that i just brought home last night is already lost I don't understand 	sadness
	Stuck in this Casino while my Mom is gamblingmissing my best friend's birthdayy party!!! :(	sadness
	I do not want to be awake moving or cold And right now i am all of them 	sadness
	you don't want a mac n cheese date with me? 	sadness
	No lie:  pizza box actually has a reminder for people to tip their delivery guy 	sadness
	I want leftover turkey but I'm not allowed to eat 	sadness
	Wow just got a quick reminder on why I left dis bit 	sadness
	Can’t participate in the fun run tomorrow 	sadness
	Its Lunch  I left my Lemon Juice! 	sadness
	I grabbed some money today in case I went to Starfucks or something before rehearsal Then I realized no more rehearsal 	sadness
	Can't sleepthinking about the past 	sadness
	Too bad you aren't playing in Denver on Friday! RT carolinaliar: I do miss the tour but we play friday ! MegDubray	sadness
	Totally missed you on this weeks episode From What it sounded like the guys recorded 3 of them So no Ron for a month 	sadness
	That moment when you realize you've been wearing the same 4 pieces of clothing 24 hours a day for a week   	sadness
	needs to stop getting distracted by Hallmark Movies 	sadness
	i know i smoke too much cause when i bernie and breathe in it makes a wheeze sound :(  	sadness
	No matter what the final outcome we should have peace of mind we tried our best  	sadness
	Covers so warm on my body right now Time to get up	sadness
	Fuck man another great one bites the dust  RIP Patrice O'Neal joerogan	sadness
	Mufasa! Oh god oh no this is like the 500th time he's died You think he would het smarter and climb on to the ledge with simba 	sadness
	I cant anymore D: i have to stop procrastinating and start some homework	sadness
	Not feeling too good today :( 	sadness
	I really really don't knowwwwwwww but I cannot WAIT until we exchange gifts after breakk!! 	sadness
	At The Meat Market  Poor Cows And Pigs	sadness
	haha maybe but I doubt it cause they don't think I'm pretty 	sadness
	Headache :/  can't wait to sleep in	sadness
	That one moment Katniss and gale I read it as if it were you and I   	sadness
	I hate it when clothes go out of stock! D: 	sadness
	Great dinner with KyraLcrowcan't believe in only 11 days she is leaving me for another country 	sadness
	My friend Puck was one of the nicest and funniest guys I ever met Made a huge impression on me He died yesterday at age 41 	sadness
	Jeff's gonna be on Whose Line tonight and I'M GOING TO MISS IT!!! AGH! :( 	sadness
	aww mine doesn't do it and UK has to wait 3 months for the film 	sadness
	aw and didnt tweet me/follow me for my birthday :'( oh well they're probs too busy  	sadness
	Dat Awkward Moment Wen Ur Wit 4 Of Ur Friends At Da Movies  Wen Da Movie Cums On All Dem Start Making Out And Ur Left Out :(	sadness
	con la cara que tiene el negro asusta cualquier espiritu jaja mentira los extraño peleandose ya no tengo a quien aconsejar 	sadness
	I missed  tonight :( I hope the songs are on  tomorrow so I can catch up before two people go home 	sadness
	awww wahh :( I'm gonna miss u!! :(  Sooo not gonna be a good time saying bye! :( 	sadness
	I can't be cordial w my exes  cos they can't handle just being friends or the thought of me being w someone else 	sadness
	my mom told me I couldn't play because I still had to write a science essay 	sadness
	The sadness I feel upon realising that I've bought a chocolate based ice cream and not a vanilla one 	sadness
	Was really really really really looking forward to hanging out with someone special todaythen I realised it was tomorrow 	sadness
	Trying to talk to him late at night but he is still with people ):  	sadness
	Boo! The fact that I won't see your beautiful face at work kills me 	sadness
	Late start or no late start I still want to sleep more this bed is way to warm and cozy for me to leave it 	sadness
	ahaha gotta love that glitter And yeah I think so!   	sadness
	So sad for ANYONE who is allergic to nutella  'cuz of the nut right SeecaSays?  : (	sadness
	I might be looking in all the wrong places and looking for all the wrong reason 	sadness
	We can't choose the cards we've been dealt and mine say FUCK YOUR LIFE  	sadness
	This officially ends my stint at karaoke RIP Mrs Kelli's I will never forget your WOW shots and the many attempts at Afroman 	sadness
	haha thats so bad We're supposed to be best friends :( 	sadness
	i feel so lonely in my basement right now 	sadness
	Chapter 14 of Mockingjay Thoughts: I want to give Peeta Mellark a big hug For as long as it takes 	sadness
	truth is u were the oonnllyy one to reply  :) haha U r my best friend and we need to party :P I ran outD:	sadness
	How come I was never in a huge food fight growing up? 	sadness
	NOW you gotta explain 2 ur kids why you got a burn mark on ur ass !!! 	sadness
	 i THINK mi DREAM is REAL  then i WAKE up DISAPPOINTED  [tht happened tooh mi this morning]  ugh 	sadness
	None of our generation are 'glamorous' like Marilyn Monroe& many people are really beautiful either theyre just fake pretty 	sadness
	Awwww Casey doesn't have a hot bi sister 	sadness
	“tomoxley1: I'm a west london boy Its all about Fridays on the Kings Road!!”  Fridays is for me and the tv! 	sadness
	Wow not a thing from Twitter today  all those tweets  retweets too!! 	sadness
	love you3 too bad you didn't go to practice on saturday i was actually there! 	sadness
	when your favorite Harry Potter character doesnt RT you  :(	sadness
	i thought so too (: btw i miss you a ton! 	sadness
	Twitter on a BlackBerry is so ugly :l	sadness
	 It Will Rain Bruno Mars  	sadness
	Just realized that its going to be like 10 months before I'm back at WillyBUSC!! (Not including the spring game) 	sadness
	Just found out the hard way that I'm to old for leg wrestling! Body does bend like it used to! 	sadness
	its prolly gonna happen in the morning too  ugh whatever idc anymore :/ 	sadness
	all this romance talk and I've never even been on a date 	sadness
	Disappointed with what child is this on carols for a cure 	sadness
	I thought that you would not leave me hanging around and waiting for your texts every day but then you left  	sadness
	I'm so upset Clemson won that I will cry myself to sleep tonight :'(  	sadness
	ah you are leaving in 3 hours!!  	sadness
	I shall try and keep warm by Going to the mall with my best friend for the very last time before she moves 	sadness
	Guess I should tell I'm savin the pic she posted of my itty today since I dnt see them much ne more 	sadness
	I hate getting followed on twitter following that person then getting unfollowed 	sadness
	Oh gosh I hate this picture 10 years of a wonderful story They should have keep the Rivercourt  like a symbole ! 	sadness
	I may look fine on the outside but I'm dying on the inside :(   	sadness
	it bums me out that now that we have good songs written we never play shows anymore 	sadness
	how dare you not invite me to a Love Actually party 	sadness
	In school and want something to eat very badly! 	sadness
	Well came and picked up her iPod so my jam session is over 	sadness
	Smf promised sheed oovoo me two days ago  then ignored my calls last night 	sadness
	I tweeted him the video just a minutes ago but he didn't mention me :( 	sadness
	Last day of  today! I i'm so excited at the same time so sad 	sadness
	Sn00ki I was lucky enough to sit front row for the taping You looked gorgeous Sad you couldn't stick around for pics after wrap 	sadness
	my mo said im not allowed to get picked up from school tomorrow  because i didnt go today ): 	sadness
	reply to my mail am kinda desperate 	sadness
	I apparently lost my best-friend 	sadness
	having practically no likes and comments on your profile picture and feeling like a loser 	sadness
	 isn't trending anymore I suppose that means I'm not allowed to answer any 	sadness
	My glasses actually broke yesterday so now I'm blind in my own home 	sadness
	ahaha ( you gotta see my ugliness when u turn your phone on 	sadness
	i want my laptop:( and my phone:( and my ipod:( why must this happen all in the same week? 	sadness
	26 subscribers from 1300 on youtube o_O too bad i don't upload anymore :( 	sadness
	That akward moment when you get a text message from the girl that is talking to the boy that broke your heart! 	sadness
	Went to Ottawa to buy 3 sets of the MARTOPdishes that you advertisedI was told they never had them at that location 	sadness
	IM ALL OUT OF BUTTER PECAN ICE CREAM! WHAT'S A BITCH TO DO? 	sadness
	I can never eat a whole bag of popcorn no matter how hard i try 	sadness
	Aint that the truth RT Linderella97: I miss football season at ACA :/ 	sadness
	I just finished off my birthday cake ice cream 	sadness
	If it weren't for the mistakes and drops the  might rise to the level of an average team   	sadness
	No I don't want the snow to melt! 	sadness
	thebookmamma: Are you as prepared as sarahlena?--- DUDE I AM ON IT LIKE HOT SAUCE ON WINGS 	sadness
	Feeling good feeling right 2am winter night ha  Covering all the 	sadness
	Last christmas carol show 	sadness
	One of my favorite ska bands coming to DC I can't go 	sadness
	A bride who just married a basketball player two days later he gets fired 	sadness
	it'd actually be kind of cool for a celebrity to follow me but they'd probably get annoyed and unfollow eventually 	sadness
	I hate to say this but Edward Cullen seems less handsome in this movie :(	sadness
	I'll never have a chance with Chris not because we've an ocean of distance between us but because he likes girls with big foreheads 	sadness
	haha we were honestly together five days outta seven all that summer Idk what happened :( 	sadness
	Should i be happy that i finally got the sign i always wanted or be sad that this sign means i have to end it and let go? 	sadness
	And suddenly Kwom recalls owning a Legend of Zelda CYOA book  Whatever did happen to that  	sadness
	After today my closet will consist of 100 less articles of clothing Goodbye hoover cheerleading attire 	sadness
	Realizing that church today is going to be my only me time I have for a while 	sadness
	Reliving it allDocumentary of   driver of all times 	sadness
	yesterday I went to one of your restaurants and they were out of  vanilla frosty:( 	sadness
	I Cant Wake Up Early For School  But When I Dont Have School  Im Up 	sadness
	I don't even know whats going on Things have folded 	sadness
	I think the only way I'm going to get a perfect advent wreath picture is to create my own display 	sadness
	LMAO!!! RT pinkivy81: _sugaHoney unsung could have a whole season of shows just based on the artists at Bad Boy 	sadness
	When your mother doesn't feel like your mom anymore Just a ghost like figure that you live with that gets mad at a single hello 	sadness
	I dip my head out of not  I care about my  and not who knows my    	sadness
	Refreshing to start the day by falling flat on your ass in this stupid ice   	sadness
	Cain's wife didn't know he's been giving his mistress money for 13 years   AS A FRIEND  Yup    	sadness
	You know what really sucks? That I already know I won't be going to the prom after this year of torture :( 	sadness
	I'm so jealous of all the people at home :(   	sadness
	Hope is what is keeping me going right now! RT Fuzywuzy8: Without hope what do we have in life?   	sadness
	oh my mom is helping me color mine tomorrow 	sadness
	I've tweeted myself into a fucking couch coma at its best	sadness
	i lost my candy cane walking over to the library :'( 	sadness
	I hate it when I can't help someone when they're sad It makes me sad too  	sadness
	Sorry if I didn't reply to you yesterday the Internet stopped working :( 	sadness
	Feeling so tired That I can't sleep All these emotions running through my body 	sadness
	Dude! RT Lungs88: Cabanga nje ukuthi uKeith Sweat will be performing alongside Ringo and SA jazz artists in semi-towns! 	sadness
	I know geeessshhh This long distance isn't working 	sadness
	And that second depressing moment when RTs your tweet about not followin you yet he does not follow you 	sadness
	So who won  tweeps? I missed the end on the plane 	sadness
	Just heard passed away today He was such a great guy He will be missed 	sadness
	Happy Thanksgiving to all you Americans! Since I'm Canadian I'm just gonna chill and not eat a feast 	sadness
	thats different! Some of em prolly didnt even know his name till he started playin at NC State! 	sadness
	Am I that boring for people to stop responding	sadness
	The main people you look at forare the ones that  bread on your name! 	sadness
	that moment when you spend an hour reading chapters not included in the filipino coveragehahaha 	sadness
	Brothers college graduation 	sadness
	nice underscores there copycat   All Stars without you tonight  	sadness
	I brushed my teeth then realized I still had some hot chocolate left 	sadness
	Wow it's been 12 years since the last regular Jethro Tull studio album 	sadness
	L'ultimo pensiero di Beast è stato per Joker Li amavo quei due  	sadness
	This sucks Now there's gonna be the same crap for top 10 every night 	sadness
	traditional attitudes prevail in some quarters  	sadness
	Min tey lesa tweets di mas cu un ora bieuw paso un par di hnd ta pp di  y min wake e episode ainda 	sadness
	I'm done with my candy how come its so good when you don't have it but when you do its not 	sadness
	Anna Kooiman leaving   Excuse me for a second I need to collect my thoughts 	sadness
	i hate when you leave to Victoria  	sadness
	I'm going to have to seriously scale back my involvement with the Dems because of my new jobs :( 	sadness
	uscire di casa con 60 cent con la convinzione di prendere un bueno alla macchinetta e trovare la fila dei bueno vuota 	sadness
	Boooo Singing party done Roommate is here I was right in the middle of I'm Not Afraid of Anything too 	sadness
	I miss football season at ACA :/ 	sadness
	The last time my phone rang because I got a text  	sadness
	Was the surprise in my Kinder Surprise the surprise that there was no surprise in said Kinder surprise? 	sadness
	Research paper down One peer review and a Shakespeare play to go 	sadness
	Laura!!!!!  when do you work this week?    we're coming in to see you!   we havent seen you in like forever! 	sadness
	So weird that I may not ever see friends from class again after today  ?	sadness
	No Black Friday for me tomorrow :( 	sadness
	Ah I hate it when you talk to one person non stop then they have to do something and can't text so you don't talk for like 2 hours 	sadness
	Hate the fact that people are using  as an excuse to get faded every weekend at it's finest	sadness
	It's a shame that there are still no Secret Garden DVDs available here in Japan! Wonder who is holding their hands on a release 	sadness
	“GULLYKING82: The Chris Paul deal is officially off as The Lakers pulled out of the deal” for 	sadness
	I always get super disappointed when I pass a horse trailer and there's no horses in it:( 	sadness
	Work ruins my holidays I'll miss you Black Out Wednesday 	sadness
	I wasn't good enough for 24hr fitness thought they were going to call me at least not send me a meaningless rejection email! 	sadness
	I just broke up with 2 boys in one night Wow  	sadness
	My ipod is missing and I'm having serious separation anxiety :( 	sadness
	I thought  someone sensitive in their lives who do all the right things and tries their best now i see different 	sadness
	Huh?! RT awolfnamedpanda: all this romance talk and I've never even been on a date 	sadness
	Hates school I wanna look at Christmas lights	sadness
	me too watching the arsenal game!& ten action here! 	sadness
	I just finished watching Harry Potter and The Gobet of Fire I cried when Diggory died 	sadness
	Emmy he got mad at me todayfirst time ever 	sadness
	Credits at the beginning of a movie are really annoying! 	sadness
	I'm just a King looking for a Queen to settle down with But Good Girls In Trinidad either Taken or So hurt they dnt want a bf 	sadness
	The bears played solid with one subs for lines which was tiring for them They ended up losing 2-0 	sadness
	they don t even bother to pretend bla men fed7ohoom fed7o ryooshom  making place for 	sadness
	I was so close to buying a Nyan Cat t-shirt at HotTopic yesterday :( Wasn't half off tho 	sadness
	still phoneless fb msg or email me if you want to get a hold of me vzw phone donations welcome	sadness
	The moment you realize you can't get him out of your head Even though your in a perfect fairytale and he's moved on 	sadness
	I would hope the one is not innately part of most people 	sadness
	I hate you Dont forget k-rod for 12 mil RT Stugotz790: Brewers sign Alex Gonzalez that should fill the Prince Fielder void	sadness
	Terra nova is not even on tonight!?!? Ahhhhh! I really can't live without it  country awards:)	sadness
	done w/ my Business Plan but im not already done w/ my feasibility project :(	sadness
	the best time to west a striped sweater is all the time	sadness
	ahhh few if you do i will kill you because i love him to much (aa) they are good thankyou :) i broke up with jake :( 	sadness
	with this jankey ass phone messin up like it do I STILL DO HAVE BLACKBERRY! 	sadness
	follow me back - thts the least you cud do since you dnt talk to me anymore :(:( 	sadness
	If only I woke up 20 minutes earlier I could've tried to get to follow mee :( 	sadness
	That I'm already in bed and missing drakes performance 	sadness
	Andare a fare shopping e tornare a mani vuote a casa 	sadness
	Ugh 4 years left of school FML 	sadness
	Sheryl say she confused and don't know how to approach me It sounds like I'm going back to counseling 	sadness
	I want to do a cover of 'Mirror' but I need to find a rapper LMAO 	sadness
	Another CLT Friday night at  with good friends like  and still no  	sadness
	cant beleive the college football season is almost over! 	sadness
	Watching x factor now can't believe went home such a talented girl!! 	sadness
	chabeing just one shade lighter has spoiled my opportunities 	sadness
	The brittany didn't make it from the sporting dog group 	sadness
	i miss you lizski! we also need to hang out because i haven't seen you since camp 	sadness
	hearing rumors you organized your own Gatorade bath against Maryland Say it ain't so  	sadness
	so mad at for not making my cd :( 	sadness
	$75 000 earrings! Did u ever find it in Bora Bora? Oh no! 	sadness
	onga eh october palang yata excited na tayo dun tapos di pala tayo makakasama :'(	sadness
	damn I wanna leave right now! sadly the two guys I board with aren't really responding 	sadness
	Craig Mabbitt is my idol but he ruined Escape The Fate 	sadness
	heard it for the last time today :( 	sadness
	at my alien feet Famoos good It's been my first day back and haven't seen my sisters properly lol every1s running around	sadness
	You didn't mention anything about doing it! You just left too early 	sadness
	“APRILannGaStOn:  calls you beautiful instead of hot or sexy” I've never been called beautiful 	sadness
	Meno due puntate alla fine di TwohalfMen l'originale Come fare senza Charlie dopo? 	sadness
	WOW :( I haven't heard about that SMH RT A 10 year old killed himself  How? Why? 	sadness
	Watching the Vice Guide to Liberia at 3am was a bad idea 	sadness
	where art thou? i miss your face 	sadness
	How do you just lose jeans?!? I have been unsuccessfully searching for one of my pairs of jeans for like 3 months!! 	sadness
	alt + 3 = hash key   enjoy the cricket! 	sadness
	So I'm still up! Just not feeling with an uplifted spirit but I aint trippin! Hopefully I can sleep it off of me! won't win!	sadness
	D-3 to Operation LFF closing And Urban Meyer comes back to Ohio State  	sadness
	Sitting at LAX crying! Miss Cali and my bookie already!	sadness
	watching Easy A by my lonesomewish I had a movie partner :/  	sadness
	I realize that I DON'T HAVE PICTURES WITH MY BFF! Next time I'm going to colombia will be crazy taking pictures lol 	sadness
	wat iisz facebook comiin t2 they put anutha viideo of ah giirl suckiin ah stiick SMH 	sadness
	wings and alcohol here at my place 	sadness
	Coursework rain darkness lame 	sadness
	Think I window shop online just to depress myself  	sadness
	I'll be missin  tonight going to an annual Christmas concert then out with the band! SonsofMaxwell	sadness
	Wish they sold egg nog year round 	sadness
	Heartbroken about not having march madness 	sadness
	When u can fill the an  litteraly comin frm ur 3 from losin tht person tht made u happy Yea worst thang I have ever felt(	sadness
	My throat is killin me ii can barley swallow :( 	sadness
	lool dem people that know your whole life story but these tyms you dont even kno thier name 	sadness
	That sad sad moment when you run out of pencil lead while studying calculus Aaaaand you're not near your dorm 	sadness
	Hates correcting my insanity plea paper 	sadness
	Gotta get up wayyy to early tomorrow That what I get for d-hall 	sadness
	Just found out my next door neighbor lost her battle with brain cancer She died peacefully in her sleep 	sadness
	JUMP JUMP JUMP! RT bebeOrallo590: My dog can't jump up on my bed anymore He needs to be carried 	sadness
	I wish my hair was long enough to fish tail braid 	sadness
	No very fucking happy!!! The way this is going I'm gunna be single by the end of the weekend   	sadness
	My mom won't buy me the cute novetly sweater I want from JCPenny :( Just because it has moose on it doesn't make it a bad sweater	sadness
	No more history of rock and roll 	sadness
	Driving around brooklyn ahh so pretty can't even take it I'm obsessed with these people haha love yous	sadness
	system restore totally screwed up my mouse function 	sadness
	Waited too long to try to order this year's Cinderella ornaments from Disneycom and now they're sold out 	sadness
	ah dang I have a water aerobics/basket weaving class that meets those 4 months 	sadness
	ucabanga ukuthi kuse thekwini la? This is Wits Kid slaps lecturer during an exam n not a single laf out loud 	sadness
	A guy at work came into the bathroom with a book under his arm When he saw me he did a hard right to a urinal 	sadness
	 when you get so bored you end up looking through tweets until you get to the ones marked 37 hours ago	sadness
	I always wanna look at tumblr at work but there are too many naked body parts on my dashboard that it just seems inappropriate 	sadness
	i want create a new live now if they not support me :'( !!! 	sadness
	Disappointed to find out my christmas dec's won't be up when I get home 	sadness
	Its crazy how the pizza man can show up faster to your house then the cops can 	sadness
	Wat a sick shitty day! Literally!! 	sadness
	LEO'S?! Y U RAISE PRICES FOR MILK?!  	sadness
	I need some positivity in my life right now I feel like the strides I take are really just baby steps  	sadness
	you guys no remember tori from cleveland :( hope you like the kermit hat though? (:	sadness
	Oh HM another pair of your jeans ripped on me in an embarrassing manner 	sadness
	True no more open wheel series should race there anytime  	sadness
	I don't know but I feel like death 	sadness
	I love my awwwww crew and I'm going to miss them so much this week  	sadness
	I guess my babies aren't sleeping over today :( 	sadness
	Now it's half time I can take a moment to mourn Dom who sacrificed his own life to save me  the rest of the COG squad earlier 	sadness
	Was at the gas station about to go to 's house and broke the key to my motorcycle!!! 	sadness
	My phone is inactive so I dont get 's tweets unless I check twitter :/ 	sadness
	haha your oh so very welcomee but you wont see me tomorrow either because i have a stu co district meeting:( 	sadness
	I miss everyone :( JeremyBell21my real family bores me 	sadness
	I accidentally bought dark chocolate peppermint bark instead of milk chocolate :(    	sadness
	Cold boring night 	sadness
	I think I might I dont realise I am flirting sometimes as it is the case in real life! Because when I try I suck grandly	sadness
	they replaced my pet store with a good will store  	sadness
	 pour moi car je n'ai pas beaucoup de followers :'(   	sadness
	I'm hoping I fall asleep before the stampede scene 	sadness
	ohno I left the cheesecake at the barn 	sadness
	This girl started crying bc we ran out of cotton balls 	sadness
	is going to be at The National tonight Guess who's not going to be at The National tonight? Me 	sadness
	I need my boyfriend to come rub my backbecause it hurtsand he's good at ittoo bad he's three hours away 	sadness
	You have no idea how I just screamed NOOOOO out loud at work!!! I didn't get my tickets 	sadness
	I would but it's our final official dress rehearsal before our show on Monday I don't think they'd go for it 	sadness
	Fuck that shit!! Adele should have won artist of the year!  	sadness
	As soon as I fall asleep my phone goes off 	sadness
	Man its tough to figure 	sadness
	Well I can still roll step but my 8 to 5 days are over 	sadness
	NO TLKN TO BOYFRIEND TONIGHT HE'S WORKING 11pm TILL 9:30am  :(  	sadness
	lostening to paradise so many memories of last weekend gotta be the weekend anthem!!  	sadness
	Theater is going to kill me AND we have a huge practice after school tomorrow  When we are supposed to leave early for break  	sadness
	Aww ____ I love how other people tell my baby things that I havent 	sadness
	I don't know I feel I like that tweet :) nice to be awful sometimes :) mention me babe suck it out :) my :)haha	sadness
	When the Ewok tries to wake up his fallen Ewok friendI die every time :'(  	sadness
	Beckett + Demming kiss and Castle is just broken about it 	sadness
	12 days is left to her birthday I couldn't forget it till now :)	sadness
	gosh DAMNITjust got of work -___-  i gotta DICK full of homework  a SACK full of 	sadness
	Thinking moods suck 	sadness
	My beard went from spectacular to hobo-esque in 3 days 	sadness
	Christmas spirit where art thou? I can't feel you here in Dubai 	sadness
	Last cheer season if gonna fly by 	sadness
	 melon  Closed! Gonna be restaurant 	sadness
	The feeling you get when you see everyone else happy besides the one person that really mattersyou    	sadness
	Cup Of thea alone and stay strong cuz honey isn't here	sadness
	don't worry I'm good! Just carless 	sadness
	Tried so hard to win tickets to Jerry Seinfeld today on the radio  	sadness
	Why is frostedtips so quiet today?! I depend on you to keep me awake! 	sadness
	missing my Morning Dump 	sadness
	Kinda feel empty cause im not going to fire and ice today 	sadness
	Last social and educational change in Latin America class :( 	sadness
	People should text me  i feel like a loser 	sadness
	RIP Gary Speed thoughts go out to his wife and kids! 	sadness
	I was the MOST happiest girl in the world cuz' I had BET :3 but now I don't have it I'm sad:'(	sadness
	Nothing breaks my heart more than a sick baby 	sadness
	Missin' My Boo  Sucks  Don't Get To See Her Until Friday  	sadness
	I ended up sleeping 12 hours and every dream I had was about my dogs It feels unreal they are truly gone 	sadness
	that's so sweet of you(: I miss you wittle muffin! 	sadness
	lol the things people do at the movie theatres 	sadness
	Just found out my first supervisor (after college) passed away last year  I wish I'd known  He was such a cool dude  	sadness
	It's not EVERYDAY you see a dead body wheeled out of right in front of u   	sadness
	 when you break three hearts Including yours 	sadness
	I've become a bitter person What's the point of putting on a fake smile if I don't appreciate anyone 	sadness
	my shock has finally started to fade and i can now say this: jim Magic IGNORED me yesterday he was too busy chatting with hanna… 	sadness
	I know right? He's appealing but no sports player has ever won an appeal 	sadness
	Guess I am not gonna hear from my baby tonight :( 	sadness
	Ever since I got this job I haven't on twitter I feel like I'm Misses Sooo Much Stuff I miss my Followers 	sadness
	Logs in everyday and sees does not follow :( MIKEY MAKE THAT CHANGE!	sadness
	Holy fuck this knee pain is excruciating since this nerve block wore off 	sadness
	Just got sickewww and I was kinda looking forward to basketball damn flu :(	sadness
	Hot guy isn't here today :'(	sadness
	Reminiscing on good times by looking through pictures I remember all our jokes and the day we met We used to be inseperable! 	sadness
	I can only listen to Death Cab fro Cutie for short periods of times 	sadness
	Funeral tomorrow oh gosh! :(	sadness
	awwww look at the baby cows running! yeah in about a year they'll be your steak 	sadness
	Though I've never wished to enter two  in a single day  and  is worth the I felt for society	sadness
	Wanna watch happy feet 2! Sana idate naman ako ni Justin Sobrang busy na lagi eh :( 	sadness
	I miss my boyfriendn I couldnt talk to him because of finals 	sadness
	Sending my new lens back and saving up for a 35mm Have to keep repeating to myself It's just a 'thing' it's just a 'thing' 	sadness
	YOU THINK?! ): But if you die can you even miss people? /: 	sadness
	i miss my long hair ): 	sadness
	onmyway Unexpectedly had to clean mass amounts of snow off gerome 	sadness
	I haven't stopped eating all weekend or?	sadness
	Note to self: Never transport hot items in crock pots via car unless you want a permanent spiced cider scent in your Mazda 	sadness
	Anong subject yan dear? Wala pang  ngayong week noh? 	sadness
	What a heart-wrenching story that was Such a beautiful little boy His heart just wasn't strong enough 	sadness
	Boyfriend flew to Chicago today to appraise a comic book collection 	sadness
	workworkworkwork fucking job 	sadness
	The local library web site is down Now I can't see if the book I put a hold on is in yet :-( 	sadness
	That would be great which of course means it will never happen 	sadness
	j'ai la cote de rien du tout j'ai perdu ma bien-aimé :'( 	sadness
	when a ride is on the bus you get a new love for him then they get off and you'll never know anything about him or see him again!	sadness
	damnn south carolina! i know they got good southern food out there lol 	sadness
	Domani vado allo stadio a vedere il   L'  quest'anno non la guardo più Mette solo  	sadness
	In the car parked at GSP waiting for Mandizzel! Listening to under the mistletoe album! Truman cheer myself up! 	sadness
	when you run out of the thing you wantand youre broke 	sadness
	Bye Alec! I'll miss you so much Have fun in Belize 	sadness
	Nah Just concerned RT YummBubble: U hating YNAHMEAN_KNW: Solis and her IMAGINARY FATTY (PREMO VOICE)	sadness
	 we have breakfast for lunch at school  oh wait  we never do 	sadness
	Dude I was wearing petticoat breeches before they were cool     	sadness
	My mother made breakfast this morning and I missed it 	sadness
	Oi This bride on  Big Bliss is in srs denial about her body You can gain inches but not gain pounds TRUFAX 	sadness
	Sick of school! Miss my free time and cnt play ball bc of grades 	sadness
	Going to bed with thoughts I can't get off my mind Sadly avoiding them this time around isn't going to work  	sadness
	Hate how weak my nails are!!!! Had to cut them all each one of them were breaking :( 	sadness
	RIP Ryan Dunn You were a gift to this earth and we miss you everyday 	sadness
	Not that you've actually sent me a text message in like a hundred years 	sadness
	is ignoring my invitation to  Holiday Dinner  He hates me  	sadness
	half a dem neva hav sunday dinner 2come home 2 	sadness
	 Ur listening to music on ur shuffle and all the songs playing are Adele-like songs 	sadness
	New level procrastination:  Avoiding writing my thesis by doing work for another class  	sadness
	great parade in hawaii :) gna be sad leaving lando behind tmrw but i cant wait to get home!  	sadness
	I left my  at my cousin's yesterday:( wahhhhh 	sadness
	if the do not sign Jose Reyesseeing another 100+ loss season 	sadness
	Ate a slice of pizza and I've never felt so  before in my life 	sadness
	man that whales and dolphinsendangared species sila ☹ malapit na sila maubos Cows and meat haha prang ang layo nun 	sadness
	That kind of night when you keep opening the fridge looking for that perfect snack and never find it 	sadness
	Crickets! I forgot my earphones at homehow in the world will I get anything done today in the midst of all this silence? 	sadness
	The end is near for Hoopty We've had good times but I might need to put him down soon  	sadness
	I'LL MISS YOU BETSY We never fit into your sweater today 	sadness
	reading the  volume big commentslooks like a civil war is about to break out  	sadness
	I'd like to take time to exprass my sadness about this topic 	sadness
	I juss got overwhelmed wit and I don't know y	sadness
	new fave thing to watch: a Mets win Will be as sporadic as a Reyes triple He may have more triples than we have wins 	sadness
	Seriously shouldn't she be in a kitchen? Shouldn't someone be watching football? Shouldn't you be texting me back? 	sadness
	 and I friendship has fallen off We don't even text anymore 	sadness
	Damn I wanted to make Blondies and opened the fridge to not having any butter  	sadness
	Wish i could play lacrosse tonight 	sadness
	Lots of follow up for my account/mail issues and now nothing for over a week?? I still can't access my acount 	sadness
	I wish I was an alien so I could play the piano with my long alien fingers But I'm not an alien And I don't play the piano 	sadness
	Significant memories bring back 	sadness
	A little bit of soap entered to my eye when I was taking a bath :(	sadness
	Today is December sir And it's cold 	sadness
	I cant see an Alvin and the Chipmunks commercial without missing my best friend 	sadness
	I heard the piñata break so I ran to that motherfucker but it was filled with Mexican candy 	sadness
	Just casually feeling down getting better because you're having a jam sesh but then you realise you have that history assignment 	sadness
	I want to be pregnant again just so I can be fat with impunity Can't blame my almost one-year old for my big ass anymore 	sadness
	If I never see any of the babes or bros after they leave for college I will be upset I will find you all when I am in college 3 	sadness
	So fucking tired of finding things out last    	sadness
	Staying up with Heidi!! :) Love her will miss her so much next semester!! 	sadness
	Going to bed happy for oncethat is until I think about how I have to work tomorrow 	sadness
	Dudes cant even appreciate having a girl without tryna be thirsty and talk to other girls on the side 	sadness
	when you spend enough time thinking youll realize decisions never get easier and bad news only gets worse 	sadness
	In desperate need of Daisy perfume  	sadness
	Drunken truth: I'm so I love with myself that I won't notice if true live hits me in my face  	sadness
	I miss being close to some of my friends :( 	sadness
	Party cut short We felt like baba was passing judgement on us  	sadness
	I miss HCC and NoteOrious I need to stop listening to high school recordings 	sadness
	Kai  BadtMan_MarQuiz: took a leak  he sed he feels like he jst had an orgasm 	sadness
	 stop taunting me ☹ I'm too broke to unlock you gonna have to wait till next thursday 	sadness
	craving ice cream right now	sadness
	is easier because it is surrender I say make time to dance alone with one hand waving free ~Elizabethtown	sadness
	Brandi's cover of Roy Orbison It's Overand it is officially over for her touring at least here for quite a bit 	sadness
	I don't want to be awake right now Too tired and too cold 	sadness
	Finally at home ending a hard week Now it's time for a hard weekend 	sadness
	from being stranger to friend and now from being friend to STRANGER!! 	sadness
	I feel like a baby face without my nappy beard 	sadness
	Le sigh TwitPic like most technology is beyond me But I want to show ma twitfriends ma ink 	sadness
	I wanna pre-order Rapture but I dont have any money :'(     	sadness
	RIP Patrice O'Neal  so funny on and on the charlie sheen roast  	sadness
	I left my copy of Love Actually at school  	sadness
	Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	I hate computers and research papers 	sadness
	I finished reading  and now there is no more books for me to read)': 	sadness
	I'm serious - I cry over because I know that I'm probably never gonna meet him and if i do he's gonna forget me :/ 	sadness
	Ah fuck just missed my 300th tweet :(	sadness
	One Saturday night a year is devoted to studying Tonight is that night 	sadness
	No mixing drinks for me today Postponed till January leaving me to tackle this Canadian Cinema essay 	sadness
	Bored watching tv I need a more exciting life I hate sitting in my house alone!! :( 	sadness
	bad news guys:( i cant go annymore! i have to pic up my sis from the airport:( sorry!:(	sadness
	I forgot to open my advent calender :(  *cries* 	sadness
	io domani volevo vestirmi tutta figa ma il mio compagno di classe fa sega quindi è tutto inutile ç---ç 	sadness
	Watching the Jay Leno ShowT Pain murdered this songLITERALLY!! (Channel changes) 	sadness
	Whats that mean? RT :O I have unauthorized access to my Ave Maria College emials 	sadness
	I'm dying to go to the  show tomorrow night!! Worst part is I'm in the same city and still can't go! :'(	sadness
	Love is such a big word to only have four letters and it's used so incorrectly everyday 	sadness
	high of today: Bought shit tons of  shit all for myself& of today: didn't go to see Team Starkid 	sadness
	yes people mosquito repellent is my new deodorant 	sadness
	Got Chuck's latest episode downloaded but I don't have it in me to watch it The end is getting closer 	sadness
	Conner is the last guy from the championship team? 	sadness
	Rest In Peace Ginter the fish 	sadness
	I'm gonna cry when you move to college the day after high school!	sadness
	I'm going to have to face it I suck at statistics and always will 	sadness
	nice call out of Malibu Grand Prix It's a school now :( 	sadness
	A pic from last night makes me wanna cry  go on a hard diet haha 	sadness
	My life is being consumed by work I work until midnight on the weekends now Kill me social life gone 	sadness
	Watching a bunch of white people dancing to soulja boy 	sadness
	Gasp! I've been working on paperwork all night and missed it 	sadness
	I think the Oceansize song 'Massive Bereavement' is named after a racing horse on The Day Today QED 	sadness
	I've paced distraught as a motherless child hunched and heavy hearted 	sadness
	Sarebbe carino organizzare un flash mob bollywoodiano anche a Milano Rimane la definizione anche se siamo in due massimo tre? 	sadness
	The river is officially iced over 	sadness
	pensavo che due sorelle che si baciano in bocca fossero solo in scadenti film porno e invece no: approdano anche su facebook 	sadness
	anywaaaays robert got offff here so this means he prob won't follow bc aloooot of ppl will tweet him): 	sadness
	I will forever cherish the picture of Gabriel Medina  I but I'm never putting it up because I look like a hot mess 	sadness
	cheer up baby girl! at least u don't have the flu with no one to take care of ya! 	sadness
	yah I read about it earlier todayguess I'm just not cool enough	sadness
	no phone plus no tomorrow til sunday morning aaahh TOTAL TORTURE ! ☹ ☹ ☹	sadness
	15 more miles an I'm out of gasoline Siri find me the nearest gas station I can coast downhill to  	sadness
	Missing someone special today! 	sadness
	oh I wish you had to camp out for 2 days in tents and my distain for sports and bronchitis stopped me 	sadness
	It's amazing how much bleaker my Monday looks with no new  to look forward to watching tonight 	sadness
	Parents cancelled christmas tree decorating after I rush home from studying downtown! :(  	sadness
	Yeah Am yet to see snow in real life I can only imagine!	sadness
	Just messed up my phone maybe I shouldn't make a dent in the wall with it anymore  	sadness
	Woow! This week tonight it all! Has been soo great! Love all my friends especially  will miss every1 (:	sadness
	I'm reading my note from you from falls creek that one year and decided to inform you that I miss your face!  D: 	sadness
	hate that im the only black girl who have acne problems 	sadness
	Cannot describe how sad I am that going to my least fav team (Lakers) and will be playing with the athlete I hate most (Kobe) 	sadness
	last weekend last year wasn't a good weekend for melol 	sadness
	urg cannot send link Sydney 'extinction event planner' we had some beautiful gravity code that got thrown out 	sadness
	Ando out with a Knee Injury till Feb :/ 	sadness
	I just found out is touring without :[ my heart dropped a little 	sadness
	So Im Under 100 pounds at age 19 (almost 20) and I live in the South PS  I dont have a fat ass 	sadness
	I hate when Twitter doesn't allow enough characters for a meaningful tweet )	sadness
	ugghh i cant believe Rachel Crow left the XFactor!!! she wuz mehh fave 	sadness
	I failed at making your mom's spinach dip 	sadness
	OH SHIT!! tomorrow is part 1 of tha season finale of Son Of Anarchy!! 	sadness
	Yeah I can't load my funny pic of Cam and his twinkie :(  	sadness
	I don't want this fucking christmas whitout you ! 	sadness
	Bahahahahawalkin around trying to look cute with snot running down their nose	sadness
	Omg I hate it when you get a txt from someone that can make you feel down when your life is going great! 	sadness
	You know what? I surrender I don't want to be considered *that* person It's not my forte 	sadness
	To the world you may be one person But to a person you may be their world I don't think so 	sadness
	ill send you my cd lol  Or give it to you after youvstop being a bitch and come see me 	sadness
	twitter wont let me go far enough back into my mentions to find out how we met 	sadness
	Not allowed to critically joke about movies anymore kirundle	sadness
	its funny how i used to talk to you all the time i moved and we emailed and now We dont talk at all! 	sadness
	Had my very first car since I was 16 15 years 2 months and 6 days later: just sold it 	sadness
	Everyday I check the mail 	sadness
	I KNOW!!!! I me a dirty fuck!!! I never got my chance to have him and together mmm mmm mmm 	sadness
	Why does cyber Monday have to be today when I can't afford to spend anything right now? 20% off everything on the Bruins site 	sadness
	I miss you yet you still don't talk to me 	sadness
	Snell?? lol RT: I had to ask why her friend won't give me no play *side-eye* 	sadness
	Ahhh this episode of  seemed short And there wasn't much of Toni  But it was still a good epidsode nevertheless!	sadness
	30 tweets later is still bitchless and my  is lost thought this site is what dreams r made of	sadness
	I hate you shakespear! Why did you make life so difficult for me! 	sadness
	If anyone in the world texted me right now it would lighten up my mood   	sadness
	There's a George Carlin tribute on PBS tonite at 10:30 but I'll never make it 	sadness
	i wonder what happen to  lol just fell off the side of the map huh? 	sadness
	The guys are in the living room watching football and the girls are cooking 	sadness
	Seatbelts Keep you safe in an accident cause terrible pain next day 	sadness
	weird i've been reading 795% this morning Either way I'm not sure I'm comfy w/ a majority telco ownership 	sadness
	Riley's asleep in his own bedI should be excited but I'm torn He's growing too fast 	sadness
	umm Ms Cahill Do you think I could get a follow back please!  :'(	sadness
	 Couldnt wait to see them live If missing them in NH7 wasnt painful enuf Suraj 's performing his last gig in delhi 	sadness
	The zombies in the upcoming World War Z film run 	sadness
	I brought an extra granola bar to swim practice but wasn't there 	sadness
	Missing the element tonight bec of worl equals 	sadness
	woke up afer an hour and a half of sleeping My clock is messed up 	sadness
	“kirnbauer: Ya aprendi la leccion no dormire con mi ipod nunca mas  ” //es en serio estefa??	sadness
	Just realized how much I really liked my TA on the last day of class 	sadness
	I hope she can stay I would miss her 	sadness
	two days ago I rode in short sleeves tonight I rode in under armour and a northface 	sadness
	Lundi y a J Cole je n'y serai pas 	sadness
	you are nowhere to be found!! Too bad you can't make it tomorrow I mean later :( 	sadness
	I wish she would just relax with things and trust me! 	sadness
	Was gonna take a nap but found out that I have homework to do  	sadness
	Tired + Still ill + BoredWhhhyyyyyy? 	sadness
	Extremely disappointed in the bears I was hoping this was the week someone shuts up the Tebow homo's 	sadness
	I miss Ben Reyer a lot I saw him last weekend I  	sadness
	ugh Yes :( Lockhart and I got a big group hug from everyone at the end of the refresher :(((	sadness
	I just LOVE trying to reconnect with someone even though they continue to disappoint me  	sadness
	and just left and I'm already bored and making weird noises No one is answering 	sadness
	I'm tired but its way to cold to sleep! Ready to head back to Bethel tomorrow and finish my last 3 days of student teaching 	sadness
	my sorry self is watching scott pilgrim and scouring lookbookdotnu on a friday night 	sadness
	aww i hear mario kart being played downstairs by the homies as i continue to study for finals 	sadness
	wow bad evening! 	sadness
	I want some sweets soooooo bad but this tooth of mine want allow it!! 	sadness
	I was going to wear my new heels tonight but they're too big no heels for me tonight	sadness
	When Nika called me Jerome I suddenly realised what it was like to be not have the best name in the world 	sadness
	Por primera vez en 9 meses dona cocina me ah fallado what a shame 	sadness
	soo twitter wont let me retweet your brad paisley tweet 	sadness
	I would love to taste all this yummy food my mom brought me but I can't taste shit cause I'm sick 	sadness
	I always get sad when I take my last sip of coffee  	sadness
	lol! That place got rid of their ball pit 	sadness
	I thought that being strong meant never losing your self control 	sadness
	Oggi dei bambini mi hanno chiesto chi aveva acceso la luce e io ho detto BABBO NATALE e loro hanno detto che non esiste nemmeno 	sadness
	Sadly my iPad is dying  :-/ I don't have where to charge it    	sadness
	Need to write 1000 words for an essay tomorrow and another 2000 for friday 	sadness
	Shakuhachi dress $580  10-22 mm lens $708  :(	sadness
	Sometimes I wish I had 300000 dollars to buy a flying car to visit all my friends and family whenever I want 	sadness
	I feel like a little kid with all of these adults here I usually have my sister but she is off with her friends 	sadness
	Okay just checked the mirror No vampire bit me I just slept awkward 	sadness
	i feel like is my most used hashtag which is depressing :/ for every sadness there will now be a  :D	sadness
	best friend left now now getting ready for tonight 	sadness
	Its such a pain having a terrible short term memory i cant remeber what i was going to tweet :( 	sadness
	Shit! MY professor used The First World Series as the example topic for the paper I'm writing so I can't use it 	sadness
	on the bright side the hall now looks amazing 2 days of improper religion 	sadness
	No walking dead tonight 	sadness
	sou um loser ou o quê? 	sadness
	That's all you've been able to extract from Bojan's open letter to Gazzetta?No comment 	sadness
	yeah but I have a strange feeling it's sarcasm cause I tweeted a few days ago I wanted to be one hahaha 	sadness
	eh lo so perché è fidanzato con un'altra donna tra l'altro mezza italiana 	sadness
	On the bus home I'll miss Ron Joe and Justin You guys are awesome!!!	sadness
	Nothing more depressing then not getting an I love you txt back from your girlfriend 	sadness
	ugh so sad now hopes can be built up  crushed in all of two hours 	sadness
	says: Ready to chow the fuck down Ordering my drink now Oh And Pirates has been broken down all day 	sadness
	That awkard moment when you get a text message from the girl that is talking to the boy that broke your heart! 	sadness
	I've been reading for three hours now and am almost done with  This book makes you think!  	sadness
	not long to go (T_T) swinging by tonite to say bye~ 	sadness
	Ahh god damn it watched youtube videos with data on i thought i had wireless on major fail there goes my data for the month 	sadness
	I actually teared up at the Memorial! So many people had such strong hopes for him to turn his life around  	sadness
	Boooooo not getting my phone fixed until tomorrow 	sadness
	I can't believe I went and watched Breaking Dawn without a date 	sadness
	mac about to dieneed to charge but do not want to leave 	sadness
	The moment your favorite song comes on but it's not the version you like but you  anyways!!! 	sadness
	They will each be sorely missed on television I will continue to read their other work 	sadness
	My days aren't going to be the same until February First no baseball now no more Walking Dead :( UGH     	sadness
	Driving through Alabama tornado destruction is still being seen 	sadness
	Totally just woke up and thought it was Christmas morning  	sadness
	Damnmissed my opportunity to see The Dark Knight Rises Prologue early :( 	sadness
	Good morning to you too  I on the other hand give a single fuck about Cyber Monday - OH WAIT Lacoste isn't having one  	sadness
	Ever get the feeling you're not good enough? I do every day 	sadness
	I'm so tired And now the long cold walk homezipperless lol 	sadness
	I honestly see some people posting stuff like that 	sadness
	Hope your team is not a factory of sadness today  	sadness
	:( How's the forecast for the rest of the weekend? RT It's basically coming a downpour at the track right now 	sadness
	thinking about VA Tech another shooting happened today  	sadness
	my poor little puppy huwt his leg ): 	sadness
	Oh yeah I have played condemned Less crack head? Damn I like crack 	sadness
	Not amused Seen my Christmas prezzie pile from mother and father So small :( 	sadness
	Today is a good day except wishing I was home 	sadness
	it's true you won't see my face in good ole sabetha I know 	sadness
	When will rachel ever follow me :( I ADORE YOU !!! Little miss sunshine :)	sadness
	What's up with females recently? No guy is ever good enough for any of you?! Hearts seem to be spilling all over twitter 	sadness
	It just had to rain when As I Lay Dying came to town 	sadness
	If I had to rate the air quality in  today I would give it an F with a point value of -100 Yeah it's really bad today 	sadness
	I told him to text me and he said he can't text BUT he still has it3  he has your parents too(:	sadness
	Chewing gum lost sweetness in 5 mins :( 	sadness
	I just realized I miss my friends and here I am starting a night full of work AGAIN 	sadness
	Those disabled kids on x factor have just made me cry 	sadness
	I was so happy to hear ur touring in America :D but not on the west coast :( 	sadness
	All I know is that I love you and can't go a day without thinking about you So why do you make it so hard to get along with??  	sadness
	I will gladly bet ANYONE that in the next 10 years any pro or college teams here in Washington State will NOT bring a title home 	sadness
	Leslie moved out of the office I have no officemate and a lonely heart It's too big in here  and quiet 	sadness
	OMG who are you!!! Who says that TupacTaughtMe: I could care less about football College or NFL 	sadness
	Now Albert can eliminate the American league 	sadness
	have nothing else to look fwd to Atleast sixers play hard unlike our other team 	sadness
	Lost a follower /3 Yes i do keep track of these things 	sadness
	Soooo much work to dohave not even left my room today 	sadness
	he has literally been sleeping almost the entire day put  because hes sick :( 	sadness
	I'll move on baby just like you when the desert floods and the grass turns blue 	sadness
	I'm a Chargers fan but I'm already looking forward to next year 	sadness
	Why won't you just text me back?? :'( 	sadness
	I think your twitter has frozen i can't read the tweets your sending me jokes you don't tweet me :'( 	sadness
	I wish I went to the Watch The Throne concert 	sadness
	It was?!?! What the heck man! I always miss it! Haha - You guys need another reunion!! :)	sadness
	i want to go out tonight but everyone's about their family time  guess it's time to study T1 	sadness
	Organization of RT  are sum FRAUDS! Keep that shit in the NFC the AFC is for the big boys	sadness
	I just want to melt into a puddle of sludge 	sadness
	you better take some time out of you oh so busy life and make some time for me  	sadness
	oh wack I am so so sorry to hear of your loss I'll be thinking of you and your friends who will miss Drew greatly 	sadness
	NOTE TO SELF: Don't sleep on the couch at my Grandmas house It has bed bugs and now you have bites all on your back :( 	sadness
	Stupid Jew book 	sadness
	and my poor poor jacket? 	sadness
	ohh  well I cant even go cause my mom took the car back :( CTFU	sadness
	Had to pry a rock out from my foot after my epic run 	sadness
	That's super cute I have always wanted bangs but my hair is too curly 	sadness
	Just shed a lil tear kuhz evrytin hannin et sku ryte now Thank God aftr 2mrw break 	sadness
	they won't let me buy it why would they let you? (Plus we'd have to deal with it being YOU too) :/ 	sadness
	Oh Chargerswhy do you make me so sad? You know how I feel about Jay Cutleryet his head remains on his body 	sadness
	This man is coding get me a box of kittens stat! God JD I miss you so much 	sadness
	:( I'm having a moment (waaaan) because you're not here to celebrate my 99 days left 'till my trip! 	sadness
	amazes me when a man/wife adopt they don't think of their sex lives yet a gay couple it's the headline 	sadness
	Dammit just when the giants were making a fight fumble 	sadness
	 is just that - a black mark on society Greed no regard for others and support of a sick  movement 	sadness
	Thanks for all the people who is always supported me till now I wanna say thank u so much Bye Indonesian 	sadness
	I hate feeling like this It's like everything is grey and cold made of fog 	sadness
	This depression is taking a toll on me I don't know what to feel let alone how I feel  	sadness
	 I don't like getting shot down so many times 	sadness
	OMG its December 5th and the windows are open at my house Mr Winter where are you Jack frost is missing too 	sadness
	in the mood for sweets and my shop is closed 	sadness
	Well that's good to hear! Sucks to have one less BBM contact in my list though 	sadness
	I've only been on snow once And that was like 3 years ago o: I just get rain and fog	sadness
	Thinking of all my new friends at  as they deal with a terrible tragedy today  	sadness
	Trrying to tell someone how you're on the verge of crying but you can't stop smiling and you feel like laughing 3   *	sadness
	My heart just sank knowing that someone I know and love's heart is breaking in two at the sight of what I just saw on facebook 	sadness
	Some people Swear that they're  but they really don't have a  bone in they're body! 	sadness
	Pregame will be the last time  look good tonight 	sadness
	i wanna fucking go back to park  	sadness
	 is awesome!!!  I  the writing  :) that I have to wait a week for the next episode :(	sadness
	you got an xbox live trial at your place that I can use? Sledge cancelled his  	sadness
	ah I'm glad :D and oooh quite glad about that aswell their both fit D and noooo don't want jason to go 	sadness
	Tristissima news Brandon è stato uno dei miei eroi I Blazers senza Roy non riesco nemmeno ad immaginarmeli 	sadness
	That moment where I have to get up but I don't want to leave your arms 	sadness
	when won AI I was in his hometown of Garner Then he had a party in Southern Pines where I was! Never saw him 	sadness
	No amount of drinking could ever heal this wound  	sadness
	retired is a strong word 	sadness
	My overweight 37 year old dad just beat me in a 200 meter race I'm feeling     	sadness
	I feed on other peoples energy one persons not having fun neither am I 	sadness
	There's no trusting anyone these days not even the people u think u can trust most 	sadness
	Another day spent in my bed I really should get a life 	sadness
	Reminiscing and talking about how sad it is being seniors when ironically Graduation comes on at Roadhouse Pub  	sadness
	I guess don't be surprised if I don't answer when you call I don't think it will be coming back to life 	sadness
	I got one too! And ok then RT ShortttStack143: I gotta iPhone sucka( lol and lost all my numbers so u text me!	sadness
	I'm missing the Penn State game today i love my buckeyes 	sadness
	Friday  Nope Thursday 	sadness
	 will never be so exciting and so intense anymore since the sunshine already voted out :( 	sadness
	what good is national kiss day if your boyfriend is miles away? :( 	sadness
	i cant eat cause  i got to make weight  	sadness
	I hope the Cards letting Pujols go works out as well as the Pack letting Favre go Thanks for the championships Albert 	sadness
	I dunno what it is about this free agency shit It's like Christmas Jr for me 	sadness
	Seeing an add for 's album on tv and knowing you dont get it till christmas 	sadness
	[OOC:] Afraid I might have to get  in a bit My RP account seems to be acting up 	sadness
	I'd like to take this moment to grieve over the fact that my husband is in Demi Lovato's bedroom and not mine 	sadness
	My lips are on fire Guess I'm putting clothes on afterall :/ 	sadness
	sitting at home on the computer 	sadness
	So its officially Christmastime and I don't know what to put on my Christmas list :( 	sadness
	That moment when you realise that the book you're reading just got interesting but you have to stop because your lunch ended 	sadness
	Y_Strahovski: 10 more shooting days on chuck ! It's all so surreal ! 	sadness
	I'm really sucking at SMB3 tonight Haven't beaten the first world yet and only have 14 lives 	sadness
	There is a hole in my belly and heart where and brinner should be 	sadness
	 the guy you like is at work and he can't text you back /3 	sadness
	 you realize that both harry potter and twilight are basically over what are we going to do now 	sadness
	so you guys know how to connect to hang outs on the app? I'm not sure which button to push! 	sadness
	My brother just took me to where him  his friends rolled a tuck 8 times 	sadness
	My niece and my nephew are both gone Excitement for the day is over :( 	sadness
	Back in MTL but I really wish I still was in NYC seeing for the last time at the CHURCH OF MARS 	sadness
	Need something to do to take my mind off of how the best thing in my life has been ripped from my hands! 	sadness
	Actually went to classpaid attention today I'm sad that I just realized that it's a pretty good class 	sadness
	ready lol I not to long start to study aka watch Econ lectures on YouTube 	sadness
	There is no greater sorrow than to recall in misery the time when we were happy & 	sadness
	Une éruption prévue bientôt en Islande On dirait que je n'ai pas droit aux vacances 	sadness
	I hate it when I go to 's profile and it says  does not follow  	sadness
	I hate when you crave food that you dont happen to have in your pantry 	sadness
	Last day of catholic fun  JustJanellee	sadness
	Nooooooope I didnt I would have but i had club comp and practice on the Friday 	sadness
	correct we've missed like two tuesday lunch dates in a row :( 	sadness
	also this afternoon's cookie was a little stale 	sadness
	When people pass on to a new  there are two emotions that are felt  and   For they are gone but in a better place	sadness
	sorry I made u wanna cry I'm just gonna miss you :( 	sadness
	Watching Breakfast at Tiffany's makes me miss NYC 	sadness
	I want to rent a movie but have no one to watch it with Everyone is at work :( 	sadness
	I love you i love your name i love the way u look at me i love your gorgeous smile you brighten my day and your not even mine 	sadness
	You lucky I would rather be there in the nice weather! I miss it too especially reading all the HS people's tweets): 	sadness
	te amo también!  Hahha Errybodyy body love Billy I missed you on my last day today D: 	sadness
	PS I Love You let the water works begin  	sadness
	Thrice and Thursday broke up ? Man It's only 630 and my emotional stability is at an all time low 	sadness
	Ana has an anorexic cat 	sadness
	So far Christmas is different this year I have not seen any chia pet commercials 	sadness
	Dad's going to Hidalgo tomorrow and I can't go because of finals 	sadness
	Lets give it another half an hour more ): ):	sadness
	I understand all those movies and songs about your heart and head being conflicted I did not know it was possible to be this sad	sadness
	yeah true :( then again everytime were home and I wanna hang out you say no 	sadness
	I think my team lost at trivia :-( 	sadness
	Ma io voglio leggere Martin non il libro di Chimica Martin Non Chimica 	sadness
	Well Looks like I'm missing family vacation thanksgiving happy funtimes to stay in Chicago and be sick Fucking Awesome 	sadness
	My mandus were too poppin Got burned by a legion of hot olive oil 	sadness
	Super upset that I can't be there to support my basketball girls tonight at their first game Good luck tonight girls!	sadness
	might be a huge bruise forming on my forehead :( 	sadness
	RIP my poor little Zune :( lol it was a good 6 years 	sadness
	The musical is over No more skid row or running through the audience with flashlights 	sadness
	just got home seeing we only have 1 follower makes me sad 	sadness
	I did mate Had fish and chips he asked how wasI just looked to the floor and shook my head 	sadness
	I look like a track star crack head w/ shorts on n walgreens lol	sadness
	Red hair is amazing but it fades so fast 	sadness
	the lack of selection of nike spikes online is disappointing me 	sadness
	God what a way to end Thanksgiving Rest in Peace Maggie Daley 	sadness
	Feeling empty inside 	sadness
	got tired of that LMS ish on Facebook sthu! U need attention that bad? 	sadness
	I feel fucking bad at the moment 	sadness
	Hate when you follow someone but they don't follow back 	sadness
	Just remembered my tanning package runs out today ): 	sadness
	tv shows on break!? now i have to wait another week D': 	sadness
	Getting a trim on Friday Which actually means I'm losing 7 inches of hair on Friday 	sadness
	Swear to God TGW commercial break ended Monica Raymund pops up on my screen and I honestly thought I was watching Torres 	sadness
	I just realized I did the hole front page of my math wrong-_- and I dont have a stupid pencil with a stupid eraser 	sadness
	packing up and almost ready to go to the airport 	sadness
	That moment of terror when you go to drink your hot chocolate knowing its about to burn your mouth 	sadness
	Hanging out with peeps when they smokingand just sitting there 	sadness
	haha i think we are going too late schoolies will be over by the time we arrive :/ 	sadness
	My boyfriend has gone to melkbos till the weekend 	sadness
	Horrible headache empty stomachhe when you feel like you have hit rock bottum but you havent yet 	sadness
	Grr another horribly grey day -_-	sadness
	I lost another button on my winter coat 	sadness
	I'm not stuffed I don't eat most of this junk 	sadness
	I hate when you get a notification that someone tweeted you and it's just spam 	sadness
	As  comes to a close I turn to salty snacks and British fashion mags to comfort me on the journey home 	sadness
	Life is as it is      comes as you think  make it more complicated than it really is 	sadness
	Only one more play with my girl and the rest of my crew   \m/	sadness
	I'm in Chicago doing the musical Memphis and our shows are at the same damn time 	sadness
	Poor Josh drove all the way home :( 	sadness
	  is an unecessary  layer of bad interpretation Dnt fuel the fire return to whats present here Follow me	sadness
	There is no milk and I wanna cup of tea :( 	sadness
	chocolate muffin tasting like plain bread and lacking sugar … 	sadness
	u cld put me on a list it seems you follow alot of people but yeh im sure u will benefit and also RT is universal 3	sadness
	no I feel like death! Glad the film was good! So annoyed at my body being I'll that I couldn't go :( 	sadness
	Los candidatos no piensan en el pueblo piensan en sus beneficios 	sadness
	School shootings need to stop  I know there is no quick fix to this But schools are supposed to be safe 	sadness
	i completely agree! it just won't be the same without 	sadness
	I agree in most part Cliona there is a part of my life that is filled with huge Which I genuinely try to fill with love!	sadness
	Rememember that feeling when you was a kid and u opened a present to receive clothes  	sadness
	saw a bunch of dogs in a cage just now 	sadness
	Its an ice cream and sad song night 	sadness
	For the record spending the night in the ER with your Son is not as much fun as it sounds	sadness
	Smokesuminden RT MrTinkTinkIzFlY: Can't stand whn I get off that's when I'm WIDE AWAKE {O_O}  	sadness
	I don't like being alone because when I am alone I have time to think and then I get upset 	sadness
	This is not a normal feeling for me night ppl	sadness
	Black Swan is the best movie ever hands down 	sadness
	Don't know how many times I can listen to the  song It's do sad!! D: 	sadness
	It's funny how you keep ignoring this huge fan of yours supporting you since  from all the way in Panama 	sadness
	butbut U can't go I would miss u Your my fake girlfriend I fake love you  sorry	sadness
	bottega Louie you have failed me no vanilla OR earl grey 	sadness
	drove 3 hours to watch UVA lose 	sadness
	Some nights I miss you but then I remember all that you put me through then I remember why I hate you 	sadness
	I KNO 18 IS LEGAL 4 YALL NIGGAS BUT IF U OVA 25 WHT CAN A LIL BROAD DAT LIVE HOME REALLY DO 4 U BUT WET YA DICK  	sadness
	Man i aint ran track in two years but its koo tho ima be rockin my once piece with my pride out :P 	sadness
	My stupid vevo app won't load Dx 	sadness
	_is having the luxury to contemplate while the vast majority of the people on earth can not	sadness
	Looks like my preminition from 2 months ago may be coming true    	sadness
	trying to write a lesson plan I'm new to this and apparentyl I SUCK!! 	sadness
	:( my travelocity gnome got knocked off his winter shelfunrepairable 	sadness
	What the fuck is going on in the world this week??  	sadness
	I'm sad right about now! God works in mysterious ways! It does not make sense right now but it's all part of gods plans!  	sadness
	Missed out on seeing Fiona Apple in LA tomorrowagain 	sadness
	Relationships end because once the person has you they stop doing the things it took to get you 	sadness
	 i left early  i couldnt take it and i had to see my grandfather leave back to  	sadness
	Depressione post-tour Dopo una decina di date in un anno :(	sadness
	This LONELY ass dinner  	sadness
	Today happened the worse thing ever: I saw you with another girl It hurts so bad    	sadness
	Missing: one sketchbook If found please return via carrier pigeon 	sadness
	ik ben al vanaf 2 uur bezig voor school djeeez! en hett is nog wel vrijdag :O 	sadness
	somehow i feel like that isnt the first time shes watched him leave :( 	sadness
	I'm no longer the mayor of Columbus Crew Stadium on foursquare :( 	sadness
	New stuff makes me happy but I hate saying goodbye to my money 	sadness
	omg cake would be awesome! I haven't had it since my sister's birthday ): 	sadness
	if you've never seen message in a bottlegood  	sadness
	Neither do I But eventually you won't be drunk and John will go to Jessica 	sadness
	I'm so happy  never says she's thankful for me to be one of her best friends 	sadness
	Trying to write a paper while my girlfriend is playing kingdom heartsnot fun 	sadness
	Don't no ur own worth Ur still seeking out girls on fb trying to get laid on ur part :(	sadness
	ITS NOT PENNY'S BOAT! Charlie! Nooo!!! /3  	sadness
	I miss the days when we got time outs for 15mins instead now we get grounded for weeks at a time 	sadness
	Isn't it ironic that the only person who can make you happy is the same person who makes you sad  lonely? 	sadness
	This time last week I was watching twinatlantic this week I am not 	sadness
	just found out thursday are breaking up  thrice are going on hiatus | will make out with everyone tonight  cry sneaky dee's | 	sadness
	guess who doesn't have her floral design course  this girl  	sadness
	I really regret not buying that machete at that walmart in texas IT WAS SO CHEAP TOO 	sadness
	Wish I could've been on  today as an extra Maybe I could've gotten to see in person or something 	sadness
	we'll have a moment of silence For a variety of reasons No Keith Jackson songs either 	sadness
	What a boring ugly day This is taking Lazy Sunday to an extreme The worst part is that you are far away 	sadness
	First day back to work Almost texted to see if she wanted to have lunch She doesn't work w/ me anymore :(	sadness
	Couldn't make Jakey's hockey game :'(  	sadness
	“Jaydanger12: My bro mike leaves for boot camp in a week :(” 	sadness
	The moment when u get thru ur whole timeline  hit refresh  ur like dang aint no more to read! RT if ya know the feeling lol :)	sadness
	Sometimes I wish there was an awesome church close by that I could go to but down in the South being Catholic it's kinda hard :/	sadness
	let's hope so I purchased two one for me and mom Hers works mine not so much 	sadness
	Why is it that whenever someone close is mad at you it is the only person you really want to talk to 	sadness
	& know! Am well jelly haven't been drinking in too too long :( Can't wait for  Exams are shit 	sadness
	Just heard the Graduation Song and actually shed a bitty tear but some of this  people I can deal without 	sadness
	That's real though RT OyokiGurl: lol i need some real news in my lifei write lol but i'm really smdh	sadness
	What outstanding pathetic fallacy outside right now  :'(	sadness
	El Clasico is loaming over everybodies head but i'm for Real Madrid on this onesince well my team got knocked of UEFA 	sadness
	RIP Patrice O'Neilthe world of funny will miss you	sadness
	Oh my that's what I want! Don't know if I can justify driving 45 min for wrapping paper though 	sadness
	i can't maybe i'll have more luck tomorrow!! 3 3 i don't knwow hat i'll do without xtrafactor tbh	sadness
	Am a loner on Twitter too? How sadin real life and twitter Taylor Leigh Carroll is a loner 	sadness
	wow is that a nice carborator if u had one like that maybe sum1 would  end your ?	sadness
	Yeahhh It's taken me a year and a half to watch my Friends boxset all the way through I kept putting off 'The Last One' 	sadness
	Home from workAt least for the next 20 minutes only on break! :(	sadness
	Holy shit that was a good show I'll miss you shaneshane  NYC is lucky to have you  	sadness
	I hope u ain't tryna cuff dat broadThere's a lot u don't know bout her 	sadness
	learning how to spot out b*tches more each day at a time 	sadness
	can't go to the game I won't see   I won't meet Miss_MyMom!!!!! :( 	sadness
	BACK Because everything turned shit when broke his leg 5 minutes ago  he's a tricky skateboarder 	sadness
	ma tutta quella fantasia nel nuovo flyer? farina di quale sacco? 	sadness
	 reason 10: because it's apparently too awesome to be a tv show  	sadness
	  lol  Oh Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family!	sadness
	harry potter weekend is coming to an end 	sadness
	omfg what have i become?! listening to ADELE on repeat alone inb my dark room 	sadness
	i wanna make sure everyone knows that is the one trying to post his  on is anyone up Josh needs to get laid bad 	sadness
	not really any pain this time! I think part of me knew all along!!	sadness
	HAHAA RT Naneeen_: I need to shave down there ao I can make sure I don't have a yeast infection 	sadness
	Can't remember my club penguin login info 	sadness
	it's from the color workshop that  name sounds vaguely familiar to me! Btw I miss ur tutorials boo! lol	sadness
	Bad news guys Lost my hipster glasses Swagger on a negative hundred thousand trillion 	sadness
	that depressing moment when u see your idol retweet your friends tweets  not yours 	sadness
	Broke glasses Tape? This sucks! 	sadness
	YES YOU ARE!  :) ps mandy is moving to chicago  ?? :( 	sadness
	That moment when you give a fuck with someone even though it already hurts 	sadness
	what's the point of being on the kiss cam if you don't win the Arni's gift card? 	sadness
	It's not shit like watching the one thing you don't want to happen happen And worse than you expected 	sadness
	Twitter is becoming a depression thing everywhere	sadness
	Thank you Monday for reminding me why I hate reading the news  	sadness
	nobody to talk to on twitter today 	sadness
	if it makes you feel better I'm having a movie marathon in my room alone :( 	sadness
	im already knowin imma miss my hair appointment this week :-((( 	sadness
	I'm so so tired But every time I wanna close my eyes I just ended up waking up again 	sadness
	that awkward moment when a gorilla shows up at your party and shaves everyones moustaches and claims them as his own 	sadness
	Lost my chronic cd :|  	sadness
	Pure silliness QT RatherHaveJesus: Some really think that Chris Brown is God 	sadness
	Her brother died) and when she cries Her make up doesn't smudge	sadness
	4 more hours? It seem like I already put in a 8 hour day :-( 	sadness
	The most basic broads without a dream in this world are the first to tell you that you can't 	sadness
	One of my homies just got  in Prisonhe was a 3 Strike Offender  only 25 years old!  out here!! 	sadness
	All day long  I feel so sad and at the same time inspired - my 	sadness
	tell a barber nah i'm waiting on him to cut my hair  watch the expression on his face 	sadness
	prolly next time might as well forget my birthday and my name and everything else 	sadness
	Kansas St is trending nationwide Too bad they didn't win 	sadness
	Virginia Tech is making me hurt on the inside 	sadness
	Too broke to afford Black Friday deals on-line 	sadness
	The most Damaging emotion we carry with us is Unworthiness Don't let those Feelings take you down a False Road  	sadness
	I miss you already This break will suck 	sadness
	Oh my lord  is so good tonight  yet so wrong or is going home I knew this moment would come 	sadness
	I need to shave down there ao I can make sure I don't have a yeast infection 	sadness
	as we were driving in the 4th I looked at my best friend on the couch and said he's gonna throw a pick watch 	sadness
	exiled in my own home  i don't know what for  	sadness
	I find it sad that whenever there is football on tv trending turns to that Do tweeters really have nothing else to talk about? :/ 	sadness
	could HAVE!! RT Oh I just got home and find out that I could of gone to the surprise at 3:30 :| 	sadness
	I can't believe that Thanksgiving break will be over tomorrow! :(( 	sadness
	Home from RW Too bad I had to go home na agad 	sadness
	Usually south park can get me laughing but not today 	sadness
	At CHEO for MRI this morning - Striking reminder that if you don't have a sick child CHEO then you can't be having such a bad day 	sadness
	ON THE WAY TO MY HOMEGIRL BABY FUNERAL!!! MAN I HATE FUNERALS THIS REALLY SHOWS ME HOW BLESSED I AM 	sadness
	I lost a friend I really cared for just wasn't what I thought  	sadness
	mi hermana no confia en mi yo tanto q la quiero pero 	sadness
	my first job and i might just have to work on the weekend 	sadness
	Kinda hard to tell someone to stop using their voice when they are the queen of car singing 	sadness
	“Y_Strahovski: NINE more days till the end of chuck forever”	sadness
	Haha very funny sir I got cute feet just too dang cold to rock them out RT flynupee: haha put them dogs up	sadness
	did the horse shampoo work?? i'm sad to say my hair has not grown but i continue to use it in a desperate attempt 	sadness
	saturday at home means i missed chick fil a day for the 4th time in a row 	sadness
	I reallyreallyreally need to read again one of my dear Jane Austen's novels UnfortunatelyI am already reading two book for uni 	sadness
	I only tweet what's on my mind and shit that I feel nd will help ppl     	sadness
	lolololol! You too funny! I sure hope we parted on a good note :/ haha COGM and I are broken up 	sadness
	Dropping Magnus off at the vet to have his man surgery I wonder if he knows what's about to happen	sadness
	I've thought that too But even the guy at T-Mobile said the processor is a piece 	sadness
	I hate feeling needy  	sadness
	I feel sad everydaysome days I just wear my mask better!Frank Parker     	sadness
	She is one of the most attractive people I have met this year but that mo takes it all away MovemberEdm	sadness
	One of the few people that cant go out because of work on thanksgiving 	sadness
	ohh okay no more booth pizza thingy man ☹ 	sadness
	coffeered bull 	sadness
	I completely know how you feel RT JtThomas59: Sad day just got denied indoor ruined my life for the next like 2 weeks	sadness
	I didn't know its happening today 2011 Wakepark World Cup in Al Forsan Oh shoot! 	sadness
	Hanging with and its_TTime_10  since aka chubber bubbers and em went to bed! 	sadness
	Phone isn't working  mom probably won't take me to the ATT store :( 	sadness
	Exhibiting addict like behavior in my quest to locate  My stash seems to be empty 	sadness
	Somtimes i wish i had a better life a good one where i can smile 	sadness
	I texted a lot of ppl and didnt get no type of response 	sadness
	I need to back up my computer and put it in the shop but no money for a harddrive so it shall be prolonged 	sadness
	Feelings hurt: thanksgiving meal pushed back a few hours 	sadness
	Because I'm the only twin kid without dimples so anyway thats my nickname for him dont be mean ladybug! hehe	sadness
	Only if I had a time machine I would have prevented that fight which ruined my life 	sadness
	today is just a sad dayrip to 3 amazing people jeeze 	sadness
	My aunt keeps telling me I gained weight smh 	sadness
	The MidSeason Finale was the most inhumane human ending EVER!      	sadness
	I feel like I did something wrong I feel bad 	sadness
	Man united knocked out of champions league! I'm going to cry! 	sadness
	when the only person i hit up on twitter is my best friends boyfriend 	sadness
	Unfortunately the I 3 Matte palette is nowhere to be found!! 	sadness
	Sometimes when I'm sitting around I randomly shout God dammit Kurt WHY? 	sadness
	Another child for the couple that doesn't know if they want to be together! Wow lucky kid no 2 for Kourtney and Scott 	sadness
	High school is going by way too fast 	sadness
	I am so upset my snowboard is still in IL If I had it I would seriously screw studying for finals and snowboard all weekend 	sadness
	Vorrei che le persone con cui parlo su twitter fossero i miei 'amici' di tutti i giorni 	sadness
	ppl don't care aboot strippers and Bianca's dad gave her away to settle a debt and her ma knows  	sadness
	Quand tu décide de faire ce que les gens disent pour soit disant ton bien ca finit toujours mal  I need you H 	sadness
	Sink is broken so no  2night: Was going to be lambnow just pbj! 	sadness
	 no tweets latelyvery unusualsome would call you a tweet-a-holic  	sadness
	Rest in peace Mike Greer I'll miss our nice conversations :( 	sadness
	I hate hate hate going to bed alone and waking up alone 	sadness
	Admirable effort by MSU but they couldn't hold on Fuuuuck  	sadness
	where can i buy a pug hoodie? i can't find any on your site:( xx	sadness
	We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the fireman     	sadness
	Some people are dickriders and it's sad to say that some of them are close friends of mine 	sadness
	gonna miss that pocket pussy &   	sadness
	Sitting here looking up episodes of Season 4 True Blood because I missed all last season :( 	sadness
	Didn't buy anything on black friday or cyber monday 	sadness
	because im alone in my bedroom and I feel lonely (n)  just in one of those moods i guess grrrr	sadness
	My Juicy Couture rainboots are ripped What can I do with them? I have never thrown out anything Juicy not starting now 	sadness
	I miss you bifffffff! Haven't seen your face allll weekend! 	sadness
	I was so excited when I saw jason sudeikis made a twitter  	sadness
	RIP gary speed true legend and never be forgotten 	sadness
	yeah I think luongo has a minor injury it will probably be Cory Schneider in net 	sadness
	This sunday dinner is gunna go down so well!!! Ahhhh can't wait last sunday dinner in england =( 	sadness
	hardest thing is caring about someone who doesn't care about you 	sadness
	I don't know why I even try studying for chemistry it will always have the same result the test will rape me 	sadness
	Finalspackingmoving outgoodbyes 	sadness
	I don't go outsideonly when extremely necessary My Starbucks consumption has decreased dramatically 	sadness
	Hasbro have issued a copyright claim on Beanyone's Youtube channel? WHERE WILL I GET NY PONIES NOW!? D: 	sadness
	wishes was playing while I'm home this weekend 	sadness
	Panda Express tastes better when you're alone in a car  	sadness
	Well I just cut Jay Cutler from my fantasy team 	sadness
	Bad side of being a hard worker: boss calls you in every weekend because he trusts you to close  	sadness
	feel like i never take the time just to sit down and read anymore 	sadness
	Just watched last weeks episode of  and the ending made me cry :'( 	sadness
	naaahI don't feel my birthday tomorrow Because i didn't get a reply from  ouch:(	sadness
	I feel horrible!!! I guess that's wat i get for being such a butt to my frand =(  	sadness
	Je me suis bien amusé à troller alias le mec qui bloque quand t'es pas d'accord avec lui 	sadness
	Feeling so lost hard to keep going 	sadness
	Brandon roy set to retire due to knee issues 	sadness
	RIP Harry Morgan Thanks for many years of laughs on M*A*S*H   	sadness
	Thank you ASPCA for zapping today's Christmas cheer out if this bleeding heart's day Oy! 	sadness
	im so tired! XP its not even midnight yet:'( 	sadness
	Justin's letters just make me upset 	sadness
	Feel like I haven't talked to in forever 	sadness
	that moment when u tell a joke and u think everyone laughs at it but really they were laughing at somone elses joke Lol 	sadness
	why cant it just be warm out? I miss summer so so so much        :( :( :( :(	sadness
	Its hard to dress skater in the winter 	sadness
	Not really sure how this happened but somehow the front cover of my agenda ripped off And the back cover is like half gone too 	sadness
	I miss you:( it feels weird showering alone And not waking up to your alarm 	sadness
	I'm sad:( It's the last selectionals for RachelFinnKurtPuckQuinnSantana and Mike:(  	sadness
	Won 76-14 only 11 points but good for playing 3 min A quarter! 	sadness
	My cat is sick I cried onto him but I don't think it helped Someone please invent a meow-english translator so I can hear him 	sadness
	Oh my goodness That was an interesting however many hours that happened to be I don't wanna leave my family tomorrow 	sadness
	that depressing moment when you drop your candy cane  it shatters into 39975216900076542 billion pieces :( 	sadness
	My Friday Night Watching Zombie Movies :(	sadness
	So I was just asked to sing “Oh Danny Boy” at my Great Grandparents' funeral They aren’t even dead yet! 	sadness
	uhhhh can't i be part of this amazing shabang at yo place? btw hope your feeling better missed you tonight :( 	sadness
	Working on  is so un-American That being said I work tomorrow 	sadness
	This morning I watch Despicable Me since I discovered that has never seen it 	sadness
	Had at least 3 PEOPLE telling me they've been friendzoned today =)))) 	sadness
	Putain j'en veux trop a ma mère Après le coup du jean quelle m'a déchiré J'ai un SEUM de fou Jlaimais bien( le Jean hein) 	sadness
	I feel so empty without my ipod on the bus 	sadness
	Mom wont let me watch the game cuz she thinks i need rest i dont get half the rest i need anyway 	sadness
	TWITTER DOESN'T WORK  ON MY PC SO CAN OLNY USE IT A LITTLE Please dontunfollow! 	sadness
	NOOOOOO no pongan super torpe a las 9 de la mañana entendemos que nadie lo ve pero yo sí! y no me voy a levantar para verlo 	sadness
	lol I know it said error replying but it go thru sometimes And not 3hrs ago gosh lol& Raggidy Anne lookin ass 	sadness
	GOSH DANG IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I'LL BE ON THE BAND TRIP 	sadness
	Une des mes plus grandes tristesses est le fait que pour la première fois je dois changer de pantalon de guindaille 	sadness
	Yep some pretty crappy feelings have reared their heads   Try  sleep those guys away 	sadness
	I hope your life is going well in LA You deserve happiness and success I think I've gotten what I deserve 	sadness
	OH YES VYRT OR DEATH Death for me Parents wouldn't get me tix 	sadness
	Went to use my headphones but I remember they don't work :( 	sadness
	that awkward moment when you wake up look around and realize was never really in your bedroom 	sadness
	There Will Be Blood on Blu-ray but no blu-ray player yet	sadness
	I'm dreading getting back to real life   me too=[	sadness
	I was grinding  and sleeping RT Bono_BL: U like mad late!! Lol RT JennSays_ATF: Patrice oneal died though?! Really?! 	sadness
	And so the government drags the SA people - kicking  screaming - into the Dark Ages Enough already!! 	sadness
	I succumbed to the germs going around the office Le sigh No sick days yet either 	sadness
	Bummed If I'm lucky will be out of work by midnight :( 	sadness
	I wish I had wings that way I could fly away from this world 	sadness
	So The Place Is Quiet n Boring As A History Class w/ An Old Woman Who Jus Talking Real Dead 	sadness
	Daughters indoor soccer opponent no show Dads take role of opposing team Suffer humiliating 7-5 loss to 7th grade girls  	sadness
	It just hit me that I won't have my mama's dressing in two days  	sadness
	love you to caitlyn So sad I have to miss switch I might die 	sadness
	*sigh* so if things are not often as they appear or I won't it to be seen I guess theres no hope about 	sadness
	Uh oh serato made sumthing equilavant to virtual dj  Vdjs should be happy as fuck right now	sadness
	Solo yo olvido la memory card de mi camara 	sadness
	Can't find my face soap I'm bout to wash my face with Bath soap 	sadness
	When your friend makes a list of friends that are also your friends but you're not included the list 	sadness
	I'm sending my parents your way in March! And by I'm sending I mean they're going and I'm left behind 	sadness
	MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU MISS YOU 	sadness
	I lost my seeds! Now how am i suppose to plant my mctrees! D: 	sadness
	I miss thegraduate a new cd would be coming out around now if they were still together 	sadness
	I wish Eli had anybody to catch a damn good pass 	sadness
	the happiness when I tick something off in my planner 	sadness
	mamma mia mi servirebbe un bel gruzzoletto per poter vedere a new york il concerto dei mars  	sadness
	WHAT!? i have wait till next week? 	sadness
	: i grew some balls today did the unexpected i failed at the challenge my balls have shriveled 	sadness
	The Night Owls are dwindling  CarolineLinden I need my couch buddy!!	sadness
	I feel like my bedroom makes me hate life And I don't know why  	sadness
	Saw a Poster on a rickshaw today: Bharat se rishta kya nafrat ka inteqaam ka! 	sadness
	night bitches :) just leave me hanging here by myself oh well  	sadness
	Dang called him ten times can't wake him up 	sadness
	yeah disappointing FaceTime action I gotta get her drunk! 	sadness
	ouch!! I thought you'd be less focused on them n more focused on my booty? =[   	sadness
	Oh and Apples to Apples at ZimChristParty or die AND why is Danny Brown opening for childish gambino 	sadness
	for the first time since i can remember i will not be participating in the family tradition can this injury be more inconvenient? 	sadness
	I think I'm getting a blister on my thumb from hobby whittling  	sadness
	When people fall asleep while you're texting them 	sadness
	by the time friday night comes around i'm ashamed to admit i'm basically too tired to have fun  	sadness
	Sad day tomorrow Won't have time to watch Cotto-Margarito II  	sadness
	I swear yesterday the girls in my family made me play say yes to the dress and I don't wear dresses! I hate it! I wanted to cry 	sadness
	Lost all my txts from my fiance'Damn phone! :(	sadness
	oh okay! Yeah I ha so many emails w/ cyber Monday deals but zero money to shop with :( 	sadness
	NOW people can start celebrating Christmas Poor turkey day was forgotten this year  	sadness
	38 Years ago today (this evening) my 1st enlistment in the Corps came to an end  	sadness
	They say true love hides behind every corner I must be walking in circles! 	sadness
	No college football today 	sadness
	hey man back off pal!!! Haha 	sadness
	Just finished the campaign on MW3 and I'm not to happy it over 	sadness
	i feel like want to tears when i watch that video 	sadness
	I made a Logan's Run reference joke this morning and no one got it 	sadness
	Fall down seven times stand up eight ~ Japanese Proverb  	sadness
	I'm having to watch the game muted 	sadness
	If Hogs were playin ANYONE but MS Valley State I'd let it slide for Mike Anderson Here's to 35 months of no Modern Family on time 	sadness
	an oversized load truck almost ran me off the interstate this morning I wish it had 	sadness
	My arms hurt so much from yoga yesterday that I don't think I could punch anyone if I tried And I love to punch people 	sadness
	did I mean to this? My heart pains to hear this 	sadness
	S/O to my favorite friend in the whole wide world!! :))) But she doesn't talk to me enough and we never hang out! :((( 	sadness
	Stop wearing your feelings on your shoulders cuz your don't go with your shirt! Lol	sadness
	I feel like I want to watch When Harry Met Sally  eat some Jimmy Johns Probably going to watch the movie but not eat the food 	sadness
	When someone says I hate my life I want to look at them and say Yeah? Well try living mine   	sadness
	that's cuz you famous bro once that happens every girl wants your dick but not for love just so they can brag 	sadness
	Last day at work and the sadness in those amazing Chinese eyes of all my staff is killing me! I had an awesome team! 	sadness
	WTF victoria secret no yogas in stock anymore 	sadness
	Was going to play assassins creed before going to bed somebody took the xbox :'( 	sadness
	What a sad ending for Donovan McNabb 	sadness
	Its my Daddy's birthday but I haven't seen him all day 	sadness
	I always turn the titanic on when Leonardo DiCaprio dies I cry everytime he does /: 	sadness
	Had a dream I tweeted a sentence fragment and RT'd it At first I was like WOO! Then realised it was at my expense 	sadness
	Sad day The food network is not working 	sadness
	I can't get over this Fuuuccckk why'd she dieeeeee And then die for real 4 years before I was born 	sadness
	I've got little kiddies coming over My two little cousins - so adorable Problem is I have SO much homework 	sadness
	Why did  change Clare's character so much? I hate her now  	sadness
	Today's soundtrack goes along with the rain 	sadness
	I miss your pretty face 	sadness
	no thanksgiving dinner today :(  	sadness
	they took nonpareils out of the candy bins and replaced them with crappy multi-colored christmas candy 	sadness
	If I were to step out rite now 75% chance ima run into traffic mind its 4 am 	sadness
	hey ladies why don't you  aka  so his will go away if you do will make you rich and famous	sadness
	Salamwah po! :)Di po ako makakpunta maya :( Baka sa RDR nalang po Hoho Gusto ko pa naman  	sadness
	Yeah natalie makes me feel dirty inside But yeah I'll get over it 	sadness
	I'll wait until tomorrow afternoon to buy stuff I have work in the morning 	sadness
	Its always hard to accept the fact that someone close to u could pass away 	sadness
	Yet another loss in the finals and semis No purple shirt :( the curse remains :( overcoming sadness by stuffing my face in food 	sadness
	I made an interesting observation that my somewhat correlates to my spending I feel like buying a car now	sadness
	I always feel bad when we leave the dog all alone 	sadness
	writing xmas cards Got to my friend who lost her lifelong partner this year 	sadness
	regretably i'm not completely over the coconut allergy 	sadness
	Thanks for our goodbye song and shout out at meal!!  	sadness
	Hold up! Did I really miss Robyn on  ?! I'll be in the corner crying	sadness
	The word limit is 2000 words Words in excess of the limit will NOT [underlined] be marked So I think no leeway :( 	sadness
	I believe that God know deeply in my heart so God hear my pray i believe that you have a good ways to me ‎​(┌__┐) 	sadness
	wow I like a girl that will never like me back 	sadness
	Nothing like biting into a piece of fat mid-meal to make u lose ur appetite   	sadness
	Hate free's on me tod like 	sadness
	so i thought about the past and i thought of you and i started to cry because maybe i do still miss you and want you in my life 	sadness
	I stay having munchie dreams abt the snack closet at the old house then I wake Up :/ …w no munchies and 	sadness
	Cabanga nje ukuthi uKeith Sweat will be performing alongside Ringo and SA jazz artists in semi-towns! 	sadness
	lol no unfortunately it was at a straight club so no gay boys but watching glee makes me wanna find someone now 	sadness
	Fighting the urge to drive 45 min to Hobby Lobby today for Christmas decorations I miss my Hobby Lobby so much 	sadness
	5th Wed of the month = no new comicssatiated with fruit snacks Cheerwine and Young Justice	sadness
	I swear my poor dog Daisy has Alzheimer's All the Mangans are growing up 	sadness
	LMAOOOO smh I know marriage is supposed to be forever but only so much you can take 	sadness
	Joe Nathan left the Twins for the Texas Rangers  	sadness
	This was the first weekend I haven't had homework in years and is most likely gonna be the last for a while 	sadness
	when your family order food when your !	sadness
	Good God  me nd oomf can't hold a conversation for shit anymore lols 	sadness
	I was excited about New Years the other day till I remembered you won't be here ☹ I'll have to get  alone 	sadness
	If I can get 100 followers by the end of this week nothing will change I'll still be eating cheese  eggs at noon on a weekday 	sadness
	you've burst my left eardrum!! 	sadness
	NOOOOO I WAS SUPPOSED TO SEND THE LETTERS ON FRIDAY NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 	sadness
	how did i manage to leave your place without taking some of that?  	sadness
	Finally some restafter three weeks of daily working trying to get in a Xmas spirit for my grandchildren whose mother is sick 	sadness
	turning 20 in 2 weeks and it actually feels as though my childhood is ending 	sadness
	E' ora di staccarsi un po' dal pc e dedicarsi ad un po' di compiti 	sadness
	I got the same exact mark in the 3 Arabic exams we did -- !! 5air ?? 	sadness
	With Summer Katie and Bonnie My life and Bonnie's life sucks Haha We are laying in our sad spots 	sadness
	lol cos I saw on tv that Rick gana only perform in Joburg 	sadness
	Whaaa? You're going to jingle ball? I have been begging for tickets since september  I love TaioCruz	sadness
	the moments when family doesn't treat you like family 	sadness
	ma solo io non ho il nuovo twitter?? :( 	sadness
	Thanks for the tickets to  and the ensuing insomnia I haven't laughed so hard since watching New Moon  	sadness
	Thank you buddy  You're a good friend  Unlike and his abandonment of both me and the twitter community  	sadness
	I was never a FeaR fan no offense but it's sad to see a long time member like Assass1n leave Good luck in the future	sadness
	one test left at 8am tomorrow and then goodbye mankato forever :'( 	sadness
	- being call fat is horrible fair does 	sadness
	Algunos HDP ya vieron el trailer de The Hobbit y yo acá en mi casa sin nada que ver ni siquiera The Walking Dead 	sadness
	Don't have an advent calendar yet :( 	sadness
	everybody it's okay don't worry! My karma is okay they can only lower it once per day! Few hours from now? 	sadness
	SoI can't deny it any longer Tomorrow I head back to work - packing my lunch now 	sadness
	Kikou jeune poney Est-ce que tu vois la photo de la fat pipe sur mon compte? Pks moi non 	sadness
	It seems like I'm sharing the same feeling with everybody tonight 	sadness
	This four day weekend was a blink and you might have missed it kinda thing 	sadness
	So sad that I'm missing  -___- 2nd year in a row! 	sadness
	Not looking forward to going back to school tomorrow 	sadness
	GiGi_LaFleur: RT Mallibaybee: So what's the point of being a twitter model ?? Showing that ass for free-- for follows Lol----	sadness
	I feel sad :( I know why and idk why but I feel bad for it :( 	sadness
	Had a dream that I was walking to Trader Joe's to get some chocolate but woke up before I ate any 	sadness
	Psalm 5:2 Hear my cry for help my King and my God for to you I pray    	sadness
	Lost in a fog of uncertainty 	sadness
	Ur leaving me behind lying to me about why u never reply to my messages But I'd rather tell twitter then tell u and lose u 	sadness
	Tomorrow band practice again  	sadness
	don't you hate it when people give up their friends for acceptance while stabbing their friends in the back? 	sadness
	It's a shame I'm working at the Berkshire Mall and I don't have money to get JVReemer21's autograph 	sadness
	I'm not gonna be able to finish this movie before I have to leave :( 	sadness
	na let me stop playin lol I remember I had to be carried to the car last summer lol Smh 	sadness
	unsung could have a whole season of shows just based on the artists at Bad Boy 	sadness
	Coming home tmrw!! But dont get to see my baby till sunday night ): 	sadness
	Someimes words hurt More than  Actions i wish i could take back the words i said 	sadness
	lost a friend = lost a piece a my heart /3 	sadness
	your words hurt like a water bottle being thrown at me 	sadness
	ok my fucking elbow hit my phone and it ended the call and I tried texting you and it wont send 	sadness
	Blehh I wana go to the a day to remember concert :( 	sadness
	headache tired procrastinating this is not a good time for randy 	sadness
	I did All I could ever make out was hair and sometimes butt You couldn't tell who was who though 	sadness
	That depressing moment when you lose a follower 	sadness
	What ever happened to dressing nicley for thanksgiving? im the nicest dressed person and im wearing a polo shirt 	sadness
	you are hot i love you forever wish you were sleeping over my bed is empty 	sadness
	The Christmas shoes song is playing at work All I can think of is and JoeyRichter  	sadness
	startin yah work late young lady Lmfao	sadness
	“RogerClark41: This just in: The Mets have traded Shake Shack and Blue Smoke for a Bob Evans and a restaurant to be named later”	sadness
	I Just Got Beat By My Dad In Chess 3 Times ! 	sadness
	Dear summer I miss you and swimsuits-Cool kids (SirMichaelRocks Chuckisdope) just came on in the shuffle good memories though	sadness
	I miss greece I miss greece I miss greece I miss greece I miss greece :(	sadness
	Oh for fuck sake!! Now they just put down the horse that broke its leg I know it happens in the real world but WTF?!! 	sadness
	The sad moment when you're warned that you're probably gonna get made fun of at school theat day! 	sadness
	Brother just told me how much he's gonna miss me when I go to college 	sadness
	I don't have a tacky winter/holiday sweater 	sadness
	:O Oh no! Hopefully her son writes some good Dragonrider books I'm a few (probably dozen) behind	sadness
	I wanna let her ride till she arrives and let it drip down my throat	sadness
	So tired of crying all the time  	sadness
	just opened my orch folderand my huge black brigadoon music wasn't in it 	sadness
	Hmm They removed all the guilds and the gold mine I hope they don't cancel Apocalypse altogether D'8 	sadness
	 guess i should clean my room	sadness
	Just wanna curl up and watch a movie with  but I'm stuck in Norton till 9pm 	sadness
	it is imperitive that i go to ear x-tacy tomorrow i must say my goodbyes and buy a crap ton of cds   	sadness
	Missing performing a Christmas song together at  	sadness
	r u performing ur show tomorrow? Where? Give me information :( 	sadness
	resting early wasn't as well-received as i hoped to be night everyone xx	sadness
	I Gotta Put On Like 20 Diff Shower Caps Just So Ion Get My Hair Wet In Dhaa shower  Lmbo 	sadness
	I have officially retired Vagrant Story and Final Fantasy Tactics Fear Effect 1 will more than likely retire tonight as well 	sadness
	Wishes was here to watch friends with me! Late night rerun tradition 	sadness
	I swear we're cursed! ♥RT Lulu_Kinzz: One Of Those Heart To Hearts With TeE_LoUche !!! 	sadness
	Why Breaking Dawn was an even bigger disappointment than expected: Ay jen ay jen di mo nakita si taylor na nakahubad :( -Karisse 	sadness
	LOL RT teamziller: RT RT NepeanTX: Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	I miss Mitch Ahhh can't stand being without my best friend ): 	sadness
	BLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH A week from yesterday it'll be a year since the second time I met 	sadness
	What type of woman feels comfortable fucking with another bitch when they have a child 	sadness
	I was told I was going to get a text from you today? 	sadness
	So many amazing concert tickets go on sale this Friday   	sadness
	am going to miss the freehugs spree tm!!    sniff!	sadness
	has finally run out of that invincible hair gel 	sadness
	Happy birthday   what would the world be like if  were still rocking it 	sadness
	I might not be able to do anything tomorrow or the rest of this weekend 	sadness
	Getting no sleep over a chorus project?  	sadness
	realizing that your friend left you RT  realizing that your friends are right by your side when you need them	sadness
	 come back into my life we never hang out anymore 	sadness
	Invites sent Now Im getting more turn downs than confirmation of attendance 	sadness
	D: TODAYS EPISODE OF FMA WAS FREAKIN SAD Wish I had a lil bro like Al or a big bro like Ed 	sadness
	It's amazing to see people change before your every eyes! 	sadness
	Ce tweet provoque chez moi un grand sentiment de dépression 	sadness
	Damn even the Lions can't be faithful 	sadness
	Last night I had a dream that this really hot green eyed guy asked me to snowball I wish he was real 	sadness
	Yesss stillI get a little better and then I get worst It's a never ending cycle Awh! Happy to hear that :)	sadness
	I never had a heart to heart with today 	sadness
	i got a bunch of remixes but not the cd that they just released it was only from stand up and scream 	sadness
	Depressing news My work buddy got a new job Who will I get to torment now? 	sadness
	I messaged you our room infotweet me updates if you can 	sadness
	I'm tempted to turn off my phone and ignore most everyone /:  	sadness
	What the fizzy! Youtube isn't letting me watch 's new video :( 	sadness
	nak tengok breaking dawn part 1 :( 	sadness
	i wish people actually realized under this bitch attitudei actually have feelings :( 	sadness
	I want a flash mob to perform for 	sadness
	that akward moment when you just made a twitter and you realize you have 1 follower you dont even know    	sadness
	Hey gdungan3008 care to explain this Turner Gill fella? 	sadness
	cool just lookin like a potato compared to all the girls on my soccer team at this party 	sadness
	And out of all days of getting out early my last class ever we're going until 7:20pm 	sadness
	Little Sis and her boyfriend are watching Bill and Ted but they're also snuggling so I'm not welcome 	sadness
	ew i was only busy for like an hour you'll be busy for like 4 	sadness
	why so many Ciara and tweets today Don't take me back to my and my  times	sadness
	I want to trip out to  so bad I have not been back to  in 12 years And I was born and raised there I miss the waves 	sadness
	That moment when you realize you actually have to get off the moving side walk at the airport 	sadness
	Just read that campus wide email about ms joan austin 	sadness
	Wish we had a Computer Engineering class at school! I crave technology all day!!! 	sadness
	I don't like that you are moving into Shannon's because I don't get to see mama Shawn as much Or at all! 	sadness
	sent me an invite but won't allow me to log in Then I tried to sign in with Facebook and it wait listed me again 	sadness
	Dear TV why is it everytime I find a show I love you find some way to ruin it ur a JERK!     =(	sadness
	is slowly slipping back into depression :( 	sadness
	my dad's butchering my christmas tree 	sadness
	now i know why i choose instead of      Its easier for me to express myself i guess :(	sadness
	Sitting in class looking down on my hands nail polish looking shabby 	sadness
	you sound like you don't want me as a life coach 	sadness
	I miss Harry Potter :( 	sadness
	final episode of friends 	sadness
	I mean I do have the Ultimate Motown Christmas Collection and it has Give Love but it's the Johnny Gill version 	sadness
	I would just die if I got to c him in concert! But it's 2 hours of a drive :(	sadness
	My empty tummy feels like a black hole of hunger and cold   	sadness
	Haven't talked to my boyfriend all day 	sadness
	Get to work early?  Yep am proud but to my dismay my supervisor is still not here  	sadness
	No one I wanted to win won tonight 	sadness
	Food sounds so good right now Too bad I have none 	sadness
	Participate in my contest jerk faces! 	sadness
	2 days till I'm in LA 	sadness
	Was planning on having Campbell's Soup At Hand for lunch but it spilled over in the microwave Dora Spaghettios it is	sadness
	Everytime I hear from my East Coast family it makes me miss them even more than usual 	sadness
	Was hoping to eat a chocolate square with my coffee  WHY DOES THE CHOCOLATE SMELL AND TASTE LIKE PARMESAN CHEESE?!?!  	sadness
	 wait it's eaten with a coconut? Lmao I don't remember I haven't had it in a decade! 	sadness
	I would be crushing some online poker today  	sadness
	comfort eating when you realise theres never going to be another Harry Potter film	sadness
	si infatti è così io invece voglio sempre crederci ogni volta ma tanto è inutile 	sadness
	AH! Do you have any shows coming up? I totally missed Woods and just thought of it 	sadness
	Missing my sisters bridal shower tomorrow :(  I wish I was home 	sadness
	is on a bus wanting to go home 	sadness
	last mcc ever tomorrow  so many people aren't going :(:(	sadness
	Welcome December! It's so weird that you have a crap ton of snow and I have none! 	sadness
	Having a hard time right now Lots of Good thing it's time for Sunday night 	sadness
	man nesanak man vienkārši nesanāk :( man čist nesanāk vienmēr visi visu par nopietnu uztver jeb neparizi pasniedzu x4	sadness
	I wanna go to the Golf Wang Shop so bad 	sadness
	CU_Problems: No Booster Juice on campus 	sadness
	People come back I miss you 	sadness
	RT: GirlPosts: Society killed off what was left of her confedince And yet she still blamed the mirror 	sadness
	I very rarely am in desperate need of someone to talk to Tonight is one of those nights Everyone is sleeping I'm at a loss 	sadness
	i had actual Thanksgiving food today but no pie 	sadness
	why isn't there a hot tub by the new pool by the dorms? 	sadness
	gonna be the big 2-0 not that sweet little girl that used to make me buy her dunkins every morning 	sadness
	The beach is ma BRAND NEW BFFnd i dnt wana b seperated from ha by this long distance we wil go thru wen i go back home on its way	sadness
	trying to be a good person puts u off track from being the good person u naturally are   	sadness
	Im strong because Im weakIm beautiful because i knw my flawsim fearless bcos ive been afraid I can laugh because ive known 	sadness
	That utterly devastating moment when you realise that you have outgrown a childhood friend 	sadness
	I miss you more! I'll be home tomorrow! (Today depending on when you read this)!  	sadness
	Basically I just wanna hibernate till next saturday but seeing as I can't tomorrow morning will just have to do!	sadness
	Not feeling much better today but I have to try and pull it together for worknot even moving yet 	sadness
	Poor Jimmie Copper Doesn't know how to tweet 	sadness
	It kills me when people have all these emotions that they just can't express in a mature manner 	sadness
	i miss & is always busy w/ work and ish and doesn't have time for me anymore 	sadness
	My best and worst personal characterisitc is empathy I feel for others loss deeply 	sadness
	Today we start staying open until 10pm It was nice knowing my children 	sadness
	the staff for my Gandalf action figure has mysteriously disappeared :( 	sadness
	dam man I am mad losing my call of duty skills bro! 	sadness
	oh I was like going crazy searching for that channel but then i was like owaitits a UK channel Then I got sad 	sadness
	The transition is nearly complete Mirror mirror on the wall I am my mother after all 	sadness
	I have a feelingcould be the end of our group 	sadness
	legs are killing me and I'm on the animal unit allday tommorrow 	sadness
	People really should be able to turn their emotions off they just mess things up!!:(( 	sadness
	Y ese fue el último update al SVN de Circus Charlie ya me da nostalgia 	sadness
	Gotta get on this early flight back to GA tomorrow at least I'll be back home in a couple of weeks for a real break	sadness
	If you have a journal don't read the past :( 	sadness
	Muchos culpan y recriminan el armamento pero el problema del hombre no está en las armasestá en su corazón 	sadness
	Twerk Team is trendingguess whenever lil girls aint get'n pregnantthey Twerking! 	sadness
	ThinkMoneyOTG:  2 shot dead on Virginia Tech campus (BLOG) 	sadness
	Happy thanksgiving to all u sad people tht r looking at my twitter when u can be eating 	sadness
	How did I not realize that I was sitting behind this beautiful ginger man? Oh fuck he just read my mind and put his hood on 	sadness
	Bring on the debate of Ecuador Coffee was promised theres none 	sadness
	I can't access Ustream so yet again I miss out first I missed the concert in south africa now I can't even see  :(	sadness
	I'm on a  Vibe gon feed this depression to the paper with a pen as the spoon My Pad is hungry and Imma feed it this 	sadness
	XMAS BREAK: WHY U NO COME FASTER?! 	sadness
	    Hear my cry for help my King and my God for to you I pray Psalm 5:2	sadness
	I hate falling asleep with someone and when I wake up their not there 	sadness
	the moment you realize you've lost the one person you always needed most but wouldn't admit it 	sadness
	My friend came over to my house for a sleepover and she forgot her copy of  Deathly Hallows Part 2 Really?? D: 	sadness
	I miss my big sister 	sadness
	My ipods dying :( that means no facebook or twitter till I'm off work 	sadness
	My Ryan Dunn tribute will be happening soon Wish I could have watched the tribute on MTV 	sadness
	For some reason I woke up thinkin it was Friday then I got to school and realized its really Monday -_- 	sadness
	Men want a good woman but whats the point if your too inconsiderate n selfis to even appreciate her 	sadness
	so he's leaving straight from his bros and I don't wanna risk taking mah car =( 	sadness
	Bye November  :( Time for me to start me holiday homework~ D: 	sadness
	indeed Hope it's a quick fix!!!	sadness
	THEM NIGGAS BUY THE STYLE THE DON'T CREATE THE STYLE!  	sadness
	No matter how hard I try kid cudi won't retweet me 	sadness
	Someone please please cheer me up sudden wave of :(	sadness
	I don't have hair wax to do my hair tomorrow 	sadness
	Had to skip gym today 	sadness
	Lmfao real talk RT The_Live_Phive: tell a barber nah i'm waiting on him to cut my hair  watch the expression on his face 	sadness
	kinda sad brunos leaving and we wont get home cooked meals errrdau 	sadness
	your personality is dead you look dead too 	sadness
	The Pack is putting it on us and my boy is running a fever 	sadness
	Panera helping teach my kids life lessons sorry we're out of cinnamon crunch bagels 	sadness
	Nothing compares to that terrible moment when you realize you can't hit snooze anymore and you HAVE TO get out of bed:( 	sadness
	You know Brian's bed is really lonely without him in it He'd rather play video games :( 	sadness
	One of these days we'll tire of taking digs at  InsaneSibal and others But they won't ever tire of stupidity 	sadness
	I hate going to sleep now Dreaming is no longer a wonderful experience I wake up in tears 	sadness
	Loved it  belgium is a pretty place  but sadly i had the flue :( 	sadness
	My style of teasing doesnt translate very well over the internet =/ 	sadness
	Dada a la gran cantidad de barba que me crece nunca podria estar en una banda como Minus The Bear 	sadness
	I want to meet people from LOST but I probably never will 	sadness
	best date eva or crowns RT Lmfao RT InMe_iTRUST_: McDonald's is fun tell em durt	sadness
	Tomorrow's SundayThat means school Monday 	sadness
	Waited like for fcukin ever for this day and it's about fcukin some shxt that ain't even mine 	sadness
	Not the finish I wanted but all around good season  to season 	sadness
	Perhaps parts of the US will realize that the 2nd amendment is by no means absolute and enact stricter gun control laws 	sadness
	Congrats! Also my copy of your new book is missing the last page of the Sauna chapter 	sadness
	damn just realized that I am not going to be able to watch half the hockey game tonight 	sadness
	Wow orange is just not you girls color Could be worse those  lol	sadness
	Adding things to my wishlist on Amazon things I cannot afford 	sadness
	Man these lasts two weeks have really screwed me up Time to get back in the gym pronto! I'm officially down to a 4 pack 	sadness
	Stupid brother's hockey all day tomorrow :( I will leave the house at 7 and return at 10! What a waste of a day! 	sadness
	I'm a pimp under pressure leave my money on the dresser got bitches to  needs laid now 	sadness
	 eighth grade red team memories 	sadness
	Sooooo done with studying I need a massage and a cuddle buddy :-/ mode	sadness
	Some fake Thug told me its lonely at the Topguess he meant living in his momma attic! 	sadness
	guess my grades are gonna suck - makes me wonder why i put in all this effort :(  :'(  	sadness
	So wants to hit up Walden Galleria for Black Friday  	sadness
	ohh i don't think it's as boring as my town my town is lol	sadness
	that mini heart attack you have when it says is following you but turns out its just a poser with the same picture 	sadness
	where the Man United fans at tho lol lol feel for Man City tho	sadness
	I feel like my twitter friends dont really like me anymore 	sadness
	My favorite barista quit when I was at school It feels like a loved one died and I'm just now finding out  	sadness
	sounds solid :p that's a good movie :D and u just broke my heart 	sadness
	we'll have a long chittychat on Skype soon I have a migr tonight so I'm going to sweep ASAP  	sadness
	Miss it when the football aint on tv 	sadness
	I'm strong as a rock but I tell you I do break down when people throw me down ☹ 	sadness
	Twitter is freaking me out right now! Why won't you work ! I have so much to say  :(	sadness
	I seriously can't open this bottle of mountain dew :( 	sadness
	i'm appriciating you ripping the belly button apart :( thanks  	sadness
	ugh it died again and my bootleg charger isn't working anymore :-(	sadness
	gotta work on this Victoria secret body of mine   	sadness
	I get it only people who can review the new game to make you guys money 	sadness
	I did read that kimberly mcCullough was leaving the show in January does this mean they're going to make Robin die?   	sadness
	Ang boyfriend di dapat gawing driver handiman o chimi-aa Ginoo ko dai Maulaw ka uy Maluoy ka sa tao nga nabuang ra ba nimo 	sadness
	Apparently trevor means big village is that a fat joke 	sadness
	Pat Shurmur and Colt McCoy are having a good old-fashioned Who's Worse-off Both of them are winning   	sadness
	percuma juara umum sea games tapi di cap sea games yg paling ancur spanjang sejarah ┐(´～`)┌ 	sadness
	Today there is no hot boy in my bus 	sadness
	The trouble with normal is it always gets worse	sadness
	I don't think we have had a conversation in quite some time 	sadness
	yeah i'm crazy and ugly :'( 	sadness
	When a guy says he needs a girl to be happy 	sadness
	Mac Miller was/is so close to meif I had a car	sadness
	I can only hold so much tears back /3!  	sadness
	No amount of time can ever heal the list of your mother 	sadness
	Aaahhh!! Im losing followers O_O annd i finally was able reach a 100 	sadness
	Truth be told I miss youand truth be told I'm lying!  What happened to AAR? :( 	sadness
	Rewatching Harry potter 7 part 2 	sadness
	Nothing like a good cry I guess  	sadness
	No more Pulzar FM :( another earthquake victim Sucks   	sadness
	I can't believe I'm missing opening day But our football team needs their pep band! 	sadness
	another underachieving week for the fantasy team	sadness
	Wa nakapasar akong neighbor sa civil engineering exam :( 	sadness
	My mom has the day off and I had to go to school today :( this sucks  	sadness
	Down to my final hours of prison break 	sadness
	maybe i should stop being weird when im bored in class so people stop laughing at me 	sadness
	Didn't have time to watch this weekend 	sadness
	Walking into uni with a heavy heart 	sadness
	Lost my Beanie at school and bombed a Spanish quiz 	sadness
	Season finale of  tonight 	sadness
	lolz we are freaking funny you didn't eat my lucky charms today 	sadness
	this guy just gave us 2 pop reading quizzeson our three 60pg readings 	sadness
	Leaving the beach breaks my heart 	sadness
	I kinda wish i was black friday shopping at hot topic and looney tunes right now :/  	sadness
	WE LOST OUR REMOTE AND CAN'T CHANGE THE TV WiTHOUT iTSO iTS VH1 FOR US 	sadness
	twitter should be  person of the year end 	sadness
	your text made me miss competing 	sadness
	Northern downpour played right after trade mistakes /3 	sadness
	Yeaahh I'm not feelin so hot today I'm thinkin my bed and I are gunna get some one on one today Arg! I don't wanna get sick 	sadness
	I miss you is G coming home for Xmas?   ?!?	sadness
	I would ROFL right now by my chair has arms so I can't fall off it 	sadness
	la ps3 todavia no se vala tienen que venir a buscar :)lo que sicagué con ir al EVO este año jajaja! 	sadness
	That painful moment when you see someone really attractive at a random place  know that you'll never see them again 	sadness
	babies dead from aids josh need laids sum1 sleep with him n maybe u get paids  check my flow	sadness
	This Nigga childish  Dnt fuckin Lauqh at my brother bcuss he gotta problem he cnt help Tf 	sadness
	Keep looking at my phone waiting a txt even tho i know I won't get one 	sadness
	So who do we have in the Friday night mid-major game of the week? Oh yeah At least there's no Craig James	sadness
	He has a doggy cold:( had to leave him at the vet! RT Brandon_J_: oh no what's wrong?	sadness
	lost my travel mug today 	sadness
	shanedawson: I had no idea that you had a girlfriend It's sad that it ended ): I'm sorry  :/ That video almost made me cry )': 	sadness
	Food is a foreign word in my house 	sadness
	that's so crazy! You are  I better be able to celebrate with you! Or I'll be upset 	sadness
	Wanting hot chocolate 	sadness
	oh gee I feel so much better Nice try though	sadness
	calling Dell to have my laptop adapter replaced I've been on hold for what seems like forever now 	sadness
	Just saw an injured animal still moving in the middle of the road If I wasn't already a vegetarian I would be now 	sadness
	I lost my favourite scarf 	sadness
	So bored and cold I wish I could cuddle up with someone and watch a movie   	sadness
	My twitter isn't working I'm going to cry 	sadness
	lol it was amazing but he didn't hear it bc I was laughing to hard 	sadness
	Can't believe we feel this way but please  lose today And lose badly   	sadness
	NO i haven't gotten it yet Glad you liked my tweet though hahaha! 	sadness
	same here but I won't get my license till summer 	sadness
	I hate it when my nose is all clogged for no reason and I'm eating Makes me wanna cry because I can't taste the fucking food 	sadness
	real friends never leave u :) RT __chocolate: realizing that your friend left you RT di__LA  realizing that your	sadness
	SICKIE! Been in Smalls' bed all day Actively trying to get better by doing nothing      	sadness
	i use FCP7 & my media went offline for some horrible reason and it wont go back online TT^TT 	sadness
	This is going to kill thebillyfinnega! RT Funny Girl no longer coming back to broadway 	sadness
	Mari people are speculating that the Sheriff dies next week! I might cry! I don't want it to be him! 	sadness
	My heart and mind are with you Virginia Tech Stay safe everyone 	sadness
	I will try it it's been a while since it happened this is the first time i could tolerate touching the keyboard 	sadness
	probably just wearing jeans tomorrow 	sadness
	When you want to talk to someone but you have no idea what to talk about 	sadness
	Wow the only dude on the team that did goodie right there :hat	sadness
	Jeans make great rain pants!    	sadness
	Finally knows what it feels like to lose a follower 	sadness
	I hope notsmh RT Some really think that Chris Brown is God   	sadness
	Don't let the from the past or the fear of the future rob the  of the present	sadness
	it's a sad day today the last day of westlife being together think I'm gonna greet :( 	sadness
	Tu me juges et me condamnes sans me connaitre c'est bien pour ça que tu vas me perdre -(( 	sadness
	I miss Max And her waitress uniform 	sadness
	That moment where that 24fl oz coors light is as over as your ipod's thanksgiving playlist 	sadness
	What ever happened to Haley Joel Osment? He was a great little actor and now he's just vanished  	sadness
	He left at 9 this morning to go work :( 	sadness
	I forgot the mom dies in hope floats 	sadness
	5 story beautiful freeeeaking townhouses in southend boston Be mine I need to be married into this family not billy 	sadness
	Crying is something I don't enjoy Please dont leave Landen!!!!!!!!!& 	sadness
	videoBB a coupé au moment ou Ted a dit à la fin But there was one thin Robin never was or something 	sadness
	And mom thinks I have the flu So I may or may not show up later 	sadness
	Tired work And forgot lunch :o 	sadness
	I'm gonna miss 2hrs of the Hog game tomorrow due to work 	sadness
	lucky asssss I still have exams mon-thurs :( you gnna do your puff-write technique on this one? Lol	sadness
	But hello world and I'm back at work now except that my husband seems to have consumed the last Coke Zero  	sadness
	Little Pigs Too in Peak has closed 	sadness
	just got a random dose of missing someone	sadness
	My phone's about to die but the charger is light-years away 	sadness
	The concerts I miss for Alpha Phi Omega 	sadness
	no kitty to cuddle with this morning 	sadness
	Could happily die but wouldn't die happy 	sadness
	I would like a blanket cocoa and a movie not a computer and a cubicle Bye bye vacation besets me!	sadness
	Rough morning coming back to work on a yucky day after a 4-day weekend 	sadness
	Bout to drink da rest of dis vodka 	sadness
	People can't understand your busy schedule 	sadness
	Realizing there's no Milk in your house AFTER the cereal was poured  	sadness
	cool there's not shit to eat 	sadness
	Last play performance tonight 7:30  :( don't want it to be done 	sadness
	My mama's on a health craze!! Wheat bread wheat pasta and salad for dinner! WHYY?? 	sadness
	All packed and ready to leave the Port of Elizabeth!! Last day at NMMU tomorrow!! 	sadness
	Cry if you need to RT bArbz1912: I haven't listened to Take Care all day 	sadness
	Yeah that's a good thing! BTW you use twitter as much I use EFP for *HUO* fanfictions! Dammit! Regina dislike that 	sadness
	+1 *cries* RT Chultu: An instant Friday evening plan goes ti ti fissssh :(	sadness
	Woke up to finish a paper that will have no effect on my grade whether I turn it in or not 	sadness
	I don't recommend looking for it but just saw a story about a Bradford Councillor battering 4 kittens to death Guys a total Cunt 	sadness
	Everyone hates everyone what a mad world we live in 	sadness
	Too broke to go to black friday 	sadness
	Misbah you couldnt resist could you?! You had to ruin it! This is why people hate you! Finish one game ever!?   	sadness
	Now I know why I'm so into him He looks just like this great guy I met back home except he's lighter 	sadness
	Me and don't go on fates anymore:'( that's gonna change thoughxD	sadness
	That awkward moment in Duffy lecture hall when you drop something and it goes under the seats in front of you 	sadness
	I don't remember the last time I had a PBR 	sadness
	I'm beginning to think that I can't pronounce my own name Today someone thought it was Kellen 	sadness
	i hate it when you play online you start winning for once and then the person quits 	sadness
	  was a happening place with trendy good looking people and then now 	sadness
	I miss both of my best friends in the whole wide world 	sadness
	cut on the back of my leg that has been bleeding since 5:30 am! what is going on??????  	sadness
	my twitter is not working at work 	sadness
	Twitter keeps saying forbidden when I try to follow 	sadness
	the midseason finale of 90210 had the most beautiful wonderful love of my life get in a motorcycle accident! 	sadness
	last day with All the cool kids in my class	sadness
	Such a boring day now I have to wait in the cold :( 	sadness
	My assassin' creed 1 broke  	sadness
	The suns gone dim and the sky's turned black 	sadness
	Nope :( Even Allen and Foord who were warming up right in front of me 	sadness
	Cutler should win MVP bc without him the Bears will probably not win another game  	sadness
	LOLOLOL!!!! RT 1st_ClassAct: My grandmother won't let me step foot in the kitchen 	sadness
	“calgarysun: RIP Harry Morgan Col Potter from MASH Dead at 96” 	sadness
	I honestly don't want to leave this place Best year of my life! 	sadness
	we cant comemy mom didn't make it home and we didn't have a ride 	sadness
	Came outside and mi hair went poof poof 	sadness
	A bar where the only beers on draft are miller lite and bud light?  Srsly? Not a Stella or good ipa for miles 	sadness
	i hate when the homeless dog commercials come on you have to change the channel 	sadness
	i will cry tears of if i don't get in + tears of  if i do!	sadness
	Really don't want to turn in all my football stuff tomorrow 	sadness
	Why are you sad? RT EmmMcCarty1915: -shakes head-	sadness
	my life is a mess what is wrong with me? 	sadness
	my tv said it started at 8 so i missed the first half of singing :( but they did a great job!	sadness
	I love my dog but I hate seeing him like thisI think we gotta put him down :'(	sadness
	Aww this weekend is gonna stink The TV died :( 	sadness
	I can't even really focus on my sewing and I'm always focused when I sew That's the kind of day this has turned into 	sadness
	Gah! Weird allergic reaction that closes my throat  makes it difficult to swallow appears to have been triggered by cheese 	sadness
	If u ladies were close I'd gladly share Unfortunately I'll be eating over 50% of that cake solo dolo 	sadness
	I so don't feel good :( 	sadness
	TT things like this --- shouldnt be tweeted by cute girls especially the pot smoking ones 	sadness
	shit i hit 1503 tweets just now i didnt even notice when i hit 1500 :( 	sadness
	Bus stop cigaret vending machines& even if you didn't smoke you are now 	sadness
	Also I was super close to buying a foosball table because it was such a good deal But I don't have anywhere to keep it 	sadness
	I was so determined not to lose the first Chapstick I ever bought I have failed 	sadness
	I feel physically sick after the way that ended   	sadness
	didnt notice you wanted to watch taylor swift dominate the AMA's more then you wanted to watch me slay dragons 	sadness
	Well My car is total wrecked Miss it already Pff 	sadness
	I'm really not looking forward to this five day weekend I can hardly make it a regular weekend without you 	sadness
	you hate too hard to love me 	sadness
	I miss all the summer nights when Keegan was here all the time!!! 	sadness
	Changed my twitter name because said people might find out were in love ( 	sadness
	 when your celebrity boyfriend has no idea that you even exist 	sadness
	I really dislike that its getting dark so early 	sadness
	I remember Mitzy dancing around my feet as I hallucinated vividly on some rather nice mushrooms I felt very entwined with her 	sadness
	im jealous i lost mine 	sadness
	Unfortunately uploading all those pics (approx 250) has exhausted my monthly cap! 	sadness
	Tears is just tears if its because of love But it'll be special tears if its because of un-Lucky girl ): 	sadness
	Watching the state football game We should be there playing whitehaven 	sadness
	Washington vs Toronto Tie game the last time I saw it My cousin betted against the leafs :( 	sadness
	Glad to have him back but is leaving already after 3 days 	sadness
	Disruptive is overused in startup business me having 1/5 of my usual bandwidth is  for real 	sadness
	When you wanna text a girl but there's no reply for days 	sadness
	I had a dream last night and its been the fifth time i had it and every time i have i loose sumeone close to me hope everyone ok	sadness
	It takes 2 know what  is noise 2 appreciate silence  absence 2 value presence~The Only Way Is Up 	sadness
	I ask Taylors brother if he can catch before I throw him his charger n then i throw it the complete wrong way  	sadness
	Why is my Christmas spirit so delayed this year? 	sadness
	-my phone is about to die my laptop is about to die 	sadness
	Don't let the of your  or the  of your Future  Ruin the  of your  	sadness
	:O I have unauthorized access to my Ave Maria College emials 	sadness
	there has been no snow This snow dance does not work :'( 	sadness
	What happen to society? People do the worst things just to see someone fall in pieces or even die How could you be so heartless ? 	sadness
	Everyone is saying how their full and ate too much I HAVEN'T GOTTEN ANY FOOD YET!!!!!! 	sadness
	WaitOnce Upon a Time isn't on this week?  	sadness
	my mom asked me if cole caught a deer this year mom you kill deer	sadness
	Of coursethe one weekend I have to spend writing an important paperthere's an ASU game andmore importantlyHarry Potter Weekend 	sadness
	We have to forget the word '' '' and remove it from our livesok?:)33 we have to be happy not sad!	sadness
	Recall on my Woodys drinks Gotta give away my stash 	sadness
	I wish I could stay up for the  tweetathon but I have work in the morning :( 	sadness
	haha I actually dont mind it so half sarcasm Playtime soon? End the 	sadness
	Woke up craving warm gooey chocolate chip cookies Alas there are none to be had  	sadness
	people who dont even watch or like college basketball wishing for duke to lose 	sadness
	I miss my college friends 	sadness
	ah! That would happen to you!! And can't believe you go home when we go back 	sadness
	Very sad segment on homeless families on 60 Minutes tonight 	sadness
	dude I saw you at west town on black Friday but you didn't wave 	sadness
	LOOOOL! RT funnyorfact: Remove all the vowels from 'female' and you're left with FML	sadness
	I think it was a hard jobs for my favourite team(portugal) to through a group stages 	sadness
	I thought the hashtag was Christmas Vacation and I was hoping a funny photo of Clark Griswold 	sadness
	its bad when you forget how to play guitar 	sadness
	I miss   and football season 	sadness
	andd I'm way excited! We should make new lovee bracelets since mine died 	sadness
	all i wanted for my birthday was to see your beautiful face 	sadness
	 RT: katjabecker: Joe Nathan left the Twins for the Texas Rangers  	sadness
	Um did I miss the eclipse? What the hey :( 	sadness
	Celebrating Christmas with tomorrow and probably the last time I will see her this year 	sadness
	Nail polishes hate me tonight 	sadness
	Almosy made the deans list I just missed it by 5 points 	sadness
	Just read some text messages from that day! 	sadness
	Missed Chuck tonight I feel like I might cry The final season of the greatest show in the world 	sadness
	made myself listen to the radio on my way home GARBAGE on every station	sadness
	Going To Depressingly Eat a Banana Because I Have Nothing To Do this Friday Night :(  	sadness
	I keep asking myself why I left school early 	sadness
	Just got back from my last history class until next semestre 	sadness
	I hate having good dreams and then waking up knowing that it's never going to happen! 	sadness
	School ended today and I'm leaving some wonderful friends tomorrow!  Headed to Istanbul at high noon	sadness
	forgot cause I had to apply to college finally 	sadness
	It is necessary for me to watch Elf right now too bad it got deleted off DVR 	sadness
	Chilli(: Last Time I Ate Chilli My Bestie Made It For Dinner3 	sadness
	Omg Star Parivar Awards take to a whole new levelComedy Circus Zindabad!	sadness
	Would be tweetn mah ass off but phone about to die {-_-}  No where near a out-let 	sadness
	how's life long time no talk  eat sushi i was looking threw my old tweets 2 u in history last year 	sadness
	how are you gonna get it from them? I shoulda had you keep my cd cover and have whoever stay sign it! 	sadness
	Bed time Oh wait I have a phone call 	sadness
	 Fortunately twitter and FB exist It's the best useful to get news from people who may have lost your phone number 	sadness
	Just saw a man in scrubs and no shoes in the rain walking past the crazy hospital 	sadness
	My birthday is next Sunday I'm only turning 20 so I still have to drink illegally 	sadness
	not got an advent calender for tomorrow :(	sadness
	I'm sorry 11 u was supposed to call me for HH with the whites but I said somthin to niggerish and I was axed 	sadness
	I think I'm becoming lactose intolerant Tummy been grumbling since pizza hut last night 	sadness
	in auto with and grt b frobe not the same without =[ i miss you buddy 	sadness
	If I can only get the damn thing to render 	sadness
	I'm so glad I wore fuzzy socks with my uggs today wish I had sweats on today though 	sadness
	I saw Team Rafia's GISHWHES notification from The Island and a part of me died   	sadness
	I don't know why I always have to bring up thoughts that make my heart hurt 	sadness
	In 12 hours ill be watching the season finale of  	sadness
	Chinese restaurant close so pizza it is then 	sadness
	:( but my friends will be there All the dentist is gonna do is nap me about evvvvvery fucking thing 	sadness
	I don't think there's anything worse than being sick on thanksgiving 	sadness
	university of Arkansas tight end Garret Uekman died today at the age of 19 my prayers and condolences to them  	sadness
	I'm probably the only girl who doesn't own a pillow pet :( 	sadness
	Very salty that didn't come over for dinner And let's not even mention his hair  	sadness
	Losing a match at the last second after you scored the 4-4 two minutes before 	sadness
	Tried drinking orange juice with a straw Got clogged with pulp 	sadness
	Last day as an official  student 	sadness
	Ahhh that's amazing!!!!!  I don't know any guys who can sing well one but he's not the greatest person :(	sadness
	its going to be soo sad when it finishes :/ i always hate the season final cause it means another 2 months to wait :( xx	sadness
	Back in Bombay and back to twitter already :( ended too soon 	sadness
	Pour info BAT FOR LASHES à déclare récemment n'être seulement qu'au premier stade d'écriture du nouvel album 	sadness
	I don't know what's more sad - that I asked my brother to drive me somewhere or that I'm 3 years older and don't even have a G1 	sadness
	Ugh Can't believe it's bac to school work 	sadness
	Ei tuleggimi da qui se vuoi Su fb ti ho oscurato Non mi va che pensino che io sia 	sadness
	im still majorly depressed that i have lost my maths booki sound like a right boff but i cant find it any where 	sadness
	Had a great time walking with the kids in the light parade but I think the cold wet route made me sick 	sadness
	The movie click is old but one of my favs the ending when he dies makes me tear up 	sadness
	Twerk Team? Oh okanother strip club anthem for the youth! 	sadness
	About to watch the last episode of arrested development with 	sadness
	Brb crying RT Davidsanbornn: Cleaning out the house for the move  	sadness
	Did you leave without telling me goodbye??? :( 	sadness
	Kitty slept in her crate last night I didn't like it 	sadness
	Omg work is gonna kick my ass 2day 3-11 smh 	sadness
	yeah I am starting to realise that my hoodies don't suffice :( marks a sad day! 	sadness
	Starving and no one is cooking ?? I'm so confused  	sadness
	KimKardaeshian: lovely I follow everyone u ask us too and still no follow from you  	sadness
	We gather strength from and from pain Each time we die we learn to live again	sadness
	Yea I doubt you could come to New York too many anti-gun laws!!!!!! 	sadness
	army mania haircut και μια μέρα ακόμη σαν πολίτης 	sadness
	dont too much to hope  it will make you too much to hurt should i say it to you my idol ? 	sadness
	And one violent emotional breakdown later looks like it's back to the studying I feel like such an angsty teenager  	sadness
	My boyfriend left me for Germany today I won't see him for 2 months  	sadness
	it was too long! 140 characters puts a damper on my life 	sadness
	And the moral of the story is never trust a minivan's reliability on Black Friday Or any day  	sadness
	Now somewhere there is a starving cat Now you know how a food thief feels   	sadness
	love being the only college student home in Greenwood  	sadness
	Sudden realisation that I leave school in 5 months What happened to time? 	sadness
	I wish this four day weekend lasted forever Back to work in about 17 hours 	sadness
	Doc is determined to win this year knowing this most likely will be it for big 3 era 	sadness
	Deliquentes no rioq-tip em sampae eu sem grana em bhfeelings	sadness
	Unasked-for update: I have ordered new glasses and they will be ready in 1-2 weeks Until then just call me Blind-y 	sadness
	I'm sad now I wanted to see Justin on stage so bad :( 	sadness
	I loved my hair today till I messed it up a few minutes ago _ 	sadness
	I was hoping for a Thanksgiving miracle of no Gary  Verne Alas my dreams are crushed 	sadness
	That sad moment when i don't know that she lied to me :( 	sadness
	finally found hummus here and it tastes like shit 	sadness
	The first night in a long time that I won't get snuggled  	sadness
	Bye SC :/ back to the cold lonely mountains I go! 	sadness
	It's only fitting that the Class of 2011 possibly goes out like this Full of promise and doesn't live up to anything 	sadness
	bby give me back my name plate :( 	sadness
	simula nong sumaBak ako sa mundo ng twitter hnd pa ako nkktanggap ng kht isang HI mula sau :(	sadness
	Considering trying to give away Boston Joe tickets Any interest? Waaaa! 	sadness
	Crazy smh RT RatherHaveJesus: Some really think that Chris Brown is God   	sadness
	Missing my roomie kendallkraus my room seems empty!    	sadness
	I swear almost all of my guy friends are bad things!!! 	sadness
	Home no School for me although  are missing me ! !	sadness
	i wanna make sure everyone knows that is the one trying to post his  on is anyone up Josh  needs to get laid bad 	sadness
	I forgot to text back but i thought that she didnt text me back 	sadness
	You left?? Are you gonna be back around Christmas cause I may have a birthday party	sadness
	hey & always remember his promise to give me something which i wanted in ninth grade & 	sadness
	Pret a manger and the off license opposite take so much of my money 	sadness
	Woo  when you get the malteaser out the box :) but when you realise you have none left :/	sadness
	you need to hurry up and come home! I'm craving me some cheese dip! :( 	sadness
	Theres things that we all arent proud of but we live through and get past themonly to obviously have thrown in our face later 	sadness
	8 people ask for my number 1 person texts me for 3 minutes  	sadness
	It honestly doesnt even feel like thanksgiving  Losing intrest in the holidays  	sadness
	It's been 2 years since my dad died :/ love you dad :/	sadness
	my kleenex are ready gotta go to bed with my laptop to do some good and well deserved creys bye y'all 	sadness
	Sosick Loosing les voice 	sadness
	Wishing I could reach out to check on the small boy!! 	sadness
	'parlare chiaro' è la new mission impossible 	sadness
	Made it to Maryland! But wake and bake plans fell through 	sadness
	I cant find my remote and i dont wanna watch this channel :( 	sadness
	my phone it is on a small vacation 	sadness
	Wondering how many Westboro nutjobs will make it to SU game? 	sadness
	and that is why paediatric nursing/ physio/ medicine is a discipline where you need a wealth of heart and courage 	sadness
	Me Too! Josh leaves for basic training in march:( 	sadness
	*gets on knees  prays for u to be blessed* RT BeyonceGonDie: I've never been awaken with a penis in my mouth	sadness
	2uomini su 10ritengono completa la propria giornata solo se si sono masturbati -- Glamour ma che sondaggi fai?! 	sadness
	Dear why are you not showing me my contacts even after Ive cleared my cache an restarted!  	sadness
	I wish I could watching tear it up at the wearhouse right now But can't do shows on school nights  	sadness
	Okay Last latE nyT!! Hmph! Damn u ThiShY!! LifE nOw staRtZ YikeS 	sadness
	i hate seeing people cry makes me wanna cry 	sadness
	My roommates are making me feel bad for not participating in their Secret Santa :(  	sadness
	I haven't been able to eat a slushie since you've left 	sadness
	Breaks pretty much over already Just a normal weekend 	sadness
	I get all excited by these food advertisements then I remember I'm giving up meat 	sadness
	So today's chances of early dismissal were looking great this morning but they are not anymore   	sadness
	it's just a shame you don't realise how much the system drains you  	sadness
	QUEEEE?? Chin! No lo recordaba hagamos falta colectiva como en la escuela ☺	sadness
	I miss u more that a fat kid on a diet misses food 	sadness
	What do I want for Christmas? Hmmm I want justinbieber!!! But I'd settle for a new computer since that's nearly impossible :( 	sadness
	just look for the girl with the broken smile 	sadness
	I just want to stay in bed all day 	sadness
	On my new laptop! But my parents are taking it away until Christmas in a few ): -Summer	sadness
	came home today and was sad to see that you really werent here! :/ 	sadness
	Isa pa naman c MARK sa pinaka magaling sa  sayang naman ang gwapo pa naman ni Mark 	sadness
	Praying for a family that is very near and dear to my heart! Their little baby was just born 3 months premature 	sadness
	Would like to do something good on a Friday night 	sadness
	haven't been so discouraged and broken in awhile 	sadness
	Llore pero de risa Marjorie_rigaud: mi hermana no confia en mi yo tanto q la quiero pero 	sadness
	I WISH Not taking Driver's Ed til summer :(	sadness
	Dad said I can't go to the gym because I'm sick 	sadness
	the depressing moment when you lost a follower	sadness
	Fell asleep at literally 6 o'clock yesterday 14 hours of sleep  wasted my Saturday night  missed 	sadness
	ive just been sat listening to  sheeran for the past hour its bordering on 	sadness
	Is the AIDS quilt project still touring? Helped out years ago in WPB  	sadness
	I'm goodest thnks I'm in gauteng at the moment Only getting bk nxt week for missing  U doing well?	sadness
	The moment when you realize she stopped loving you 	sadness
	Hmmmm really wanted to see the basketball games today but don't have a way to DSU 	sadness
	My racing thoughts are keeping me awake =[ 	sadness
	hey chicka i don't think im going to be able to make it to the church thinging :( moms sick can't find my phone 	sadness
	I honestly spent wayyy too much money Im such an impulse buyer	sadness
	Today I wrote a to-do list and the ooonly thing that gone donewas the actual writing of the to do list!  	sadness
	lol can people people stop with the Arashi's FNS mic situation ok we get the point anyways I still can't find TMR's perfs 	sadness
	Spent entire 3 hour class watching skate vids then forget its raining outside 	sadness
	Yeah nice punt 	sadness
	bah I didn't know that someone has to be logged into the server within 9 chunks of crops in order for them to grow 	sadness
	Not playing Skyward Sword today 	sadness
	I saw you driving past our grandmothers house lol I was waving but you looked so depressed 	sadness
	now how am I going to waste away my time at work without OpTic videos?! 	sadness
	I don't know but i feel depressed 	sadness
	Soooooo one of Famu's drum majors died after his performance yesterday 	sadness
	Is it not that unclear phone version BeatbyButta: I have it! RT JoeyClown: Mission impossible: ghost protocol	sadness
	The sad feeling you get when you know someone you like will be leaving  	sadness
	How sad that  will be phased out Such an esteemed German brand with heritage! 	sadness
	DUDE I AM ON IT LIKE HOT SAUCE ON WINGS 	sadness
	IM GUH IMMA BE BROKE FOR BLACK FRIDAY 	sadness
	You're going to see someone's heart broken live tonight  	sadness
	i need to stop looking at pug and beagle pictures it remind me too much of my old puggle Rocky /3 	sadness
	A beautiful day for my doggie to go to heaven :) 	sadness
	Not ready to go back to school now especially now that my little bro is sick 	sadness
	Tomorrow is the first time since 2006 I don't get to attend Test of Manhoodand in its place I get to take a 5-hour LSAT  	sadness
	I'm not in the Christmas spirit at all scene as we're living with two people who curse the fuck if you mention it 	sadness
	i wanna go get water in bapst basement but i'm too lazy to get up on my two feet! lazybum	sadness
	afrolicious: nigeria passed the anti-gay bill and so it's begun 	sadness
	One of these days we'll tire of taking digs at  InsaneSibal and others But they won't ever tire of stupidity 	sadness
	Cant listen to party rock without missing my kd buddies! 	sadness
	Now I kno why I don't like home it hurts too much to remember /3  	sadness
	RICOakaBaBy: Jus leaving work 9:59:16 PM  	sadness
	Long day and i still have another class! 	sadness
	RIP Dev Anand Sir! Bollywood has lost his evergreen actor! A legacy ends 	sadness
	You're welcome to join Anyone is Going alone may make me even more upset 	sadness
	Why do the weeks off work go by sooooo quickly?! I am making the most of tomorrow!!  	sadness
	Reading old messages and realizing how much you actually miss that one person 	sadness
	That moment when you want that one person to text you back and you get a message and its someone else 	sadness
	you just made me tear up in class 	sadness
	My hair almost got stuck in the door this morning :( time for a hair cut maybe? 	sadness
	ah thanks lady! but unfortunately i already have my homework command station set up here 	sadness
	pissed off was looking 4ward to buying kate Bushs new album even had it pre-ordered had to cancel cos the other 1/2 needs the £ 	sadness
	Missing my love command the stage 	sadness
	awe yeah!!  we lost today! 	sadness
	Remembering the moment when i started twitter and said how the fuck do i get in lists?!?!? and i still think that till this day 	sadness
	I don't understand what to even do anymore Good mood gone bad 	sadness
	Dinner was pretty good roommates cool and still got to run without my gym partner Scott2008Z06	sadness
	My family insists on getting food they know I can't eat 	sadness
	Will be the one home game I'll miss this season  Thanksgiving in DCThey need to reschedule that game! 	sadness
	what the heck?!?! Not ok! How did she get a broken shoulder??? How did they not notice at the hospital?& 	sadness
	My godsister and called me weird because I said that is an emotion I experience very RARELY	sadness
	you betterill try and forgive you not being here for my big 21	sadness
	Aahhhhh  That's too bad :(  xd wish i could meet btr but I live in STUPID HOLLAND xd and they never come there :'( xd	sadness
	got about 4 hours of sleep last night now we are out of coffee :(  	sadness
	Working on the first day back is not fun to look forward too 	sadness
	was going to do another youtube video but i'm depressed so i'm just going to sit and cry on my bed 	sadness
	muhh *gives up* takde ke gentlemen yang suave suave around that I can plus-onekan 	sadness
	although the people were nice i wish we didn't have to have a hug line at the visitation  = 	sadness
	So big Sean fell off stage performing son still go hard tho ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS!!	sadness
	if lack of  is persistent in ur life Follow me i mainly  many ppl with  and so stay tuned :) xo	sadness
	I want to go see breaking dawn but EVERYONE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD has already seen it 	sadness
	Ugh missed the America horror story 	sadness
	Le Web11 est fini pour moi Superbe expérience merci beaucoup et toute l'équipe du ! 	sadness
	I swear Chat hates me today :-/ 	sadness
	One of em constsntly callin me private and shit and the other one internet gangster 	sadness
	why is my man Peter Gabriel trending? OMG I missed a performance? 	sadness
	putting up christmas stuff would mean more to me if I knew Mimzy was coming 	sadness
	Yes chicken Grandpa no like turkey 	sadness
	 lets hear it  sleep with josh someone let's hear it  	sadness
	sad newsour giant ice cream cone is gone!  	sadness
	head hurts kind lonely too much work to do so tired 	sadness
	My dad just asked me if the Nutcracker was an actual story I was raised by this man 	sadness
	Forgot to get the fresh fruit torte from wuollet's for Thanksgiving 	sadness
	Last day at museum school 	sadness
	I had to retire the picture of Michael Emerson doing that weird amazing expression 	sadness
	i just realized this is my last weekend in boston for this semester and i'm spending all of it in the library :'( 	sadness
	Alone in a white van eating a mars bar 	sadness
	good name make someone  josh or he needs it soo bad	sadness
	I can't think of a single thing I really want for Christmas	sadness
	I've tried to sign in back my Myspace account for many times Unfortunately it is not working 	sadness
	My roomie took my favorite necklace last night and hid it now I can't find it 	sadness
	Well you are lucky I guess    blah blah blah :S	sadness
	not getting an advent calendar because you're a deprived child 	sadness
	no phone network at all You can't call or text me Whatsapp only works at home 	sadness
	We didn't participate in follow friday yesterday 	sadness
	The worst thing is to know someone who's depressed and is beyond the point of being cheered up 	sadness
	Don't believe in everything that people say to you it just leads to  	sadness
	My hat is MIA I don't think ive ever been more upset about an article of clothing I loved that hat :'( 	sadness
	now that you have a twitter i think you should jump aboard the  train this way we can end fanzoid321's 	sadness
	Awww I'm hearing a song that reminds me of a friendbut I'm not currently speaking with himugh :( 	sadness
	really bad all across the screen :( you will see tomorrow 	sadness
	Yes I might be cutting my hair Who else wants to threaten me that they aren't going to talk to me ever again if i do? 	sadness
	is this really how im spending my first night of Thanksgiving Break?   	sadness
	when i tweet i often think this is so retweet worthy i hope it gets retweeted! but that hardly ever happens 	sadness
	that OUCH moment when u found out he already have someone special	sadness
	For some reason I just walked into my room and thought it was Christmas eve ☹ 	sadness
	i'm at the family location quite frequently You are either working or your Dad doesn't bring you 	sadness
	I didn even have time to tweet todaii  I fluckin love tweeting  	sadness
	That sad moment where you've gone from being tired to starting to text someone and can't sleep anymore 	sadness
	Long ass day 	sadness
	Ppl r talkin shit on selena so now im sad and mk and kelly r sad cuz they got in trouble Were all sad 	sadness
	I hope some people are happy with there lives They really arnt going far :/ 	sadness
	paris is a dream land!must be cold thereits almost mid of november AND ITS SO NOT COLD HERE! weather is still the same :-( 	sadness
	RIP Twinkie You were a wonderful pet rat 	sadness
	So it looks like will miss Poland this time Such a sad story 	sadness
	I want to write my book I'm not a good writer though I have all these ideas but can only illustrate them 	sadness
	I didn't buy a SINGLE THING on black Friday what a fucking fail at a holiday It's like the superbowl for females 	sadness
	Strawberry millions are the best thin evaa! 	sadness
	I wish u came to our school and told that to our boys! they don't even say hi to us in the morning :( 	sadness
	True story: I have never seen Ohio State beat Michigan I am like a curse on all sports franchises 	sadness
	My heart is tired of being hurt all the time 	sadness
	The album isnt out in my country yet guess im not gonna get my day made by a follow RT guess its not my lucky day 	sadness
	It hasn't eeven been a whole day since the end of Marching Seasonand I already miss it	sadness
	The only reason I check my email at school is to see if there is free food anywhere 	sadness
	Not mad at all More Furious then mad! Get back here and say Bye Now! 	sadness
	chez les cousins!!!!! Last night Snif 	sadness
	You two think alike! But I don't want to eat it plain 	sadness
	I don't like days of remembrance It should have been a weekend of 50th celebrations but it's very different  	sadness
	KILL ME Why haven't I learned not to read things about books I haven't finished on the internet?   	sadness
	Just sent my dad a novel about why I need a car for the winter and all he sent back was lol :/ 	sadness
	I want to take the boyfriend to Japan as a Graduation gift next year Sadly he'd rather go Vietnam w/ the boys :( 	sadness
	Lmaooo this lady getting cheesed cause the man is crying 	sadness
	This  Is Composed of Two  a Tear of And a Tear of By: Miss_FF_90	sadness
	My happiness has left the building 	sadness
	Watching National Guard unit's homecomingwhy can't they bring the boys in Afghanistan home?!! 	sadness
	Vorrei tanto parlargli ora che è online ma tanto so che gli do solo fastidio TT qualcuno mi dia qualche consiglioooooo! 	sadness
	Track season started and I'm not working with the team this year 	sadness
	I have been trying to tell my mom about what goes on during my days but she just won't listen 	sadness
	Thank you street map for showing me my absolute FAVORITE burrito spot in Long Beach is now a Thai place 	sadness
	Sometimes the worst things can be the best things that ever happened to me   	sadness
	I miss my personal trainer tho She was the best Need a new one!	sadness
	My eyes are weary my heart is brokenhow to mending both? If sleeping could healsi would rather to sleep forever	sadness
	Why always day is turning off in that  :(:(:SS :'(	sadness
	I walked more today and yesterday than all the days of this month combined  	sadness
	In the past two years Oregon has 83 TD drives less than 2 minutes long Ohio State has 93 offensive touchdowns in that same span 	sadness
	 my father but he already passed away 10years ago 	sadness
	First a friend with terminal brain cancer now another friend has suffered a major stroke and is unlikely to recover 	sadness
	Silently dying while Twitter explodes with posts of and  	sadness
	I haven't listened to Take Care all day 	sadness
	It was like hey these are the people you are missing out on and I dont see them 	sadness
	I love how my Elementary school homemade Christmas ornaments aren't good enough for our tree this year 	sadness
	It's the love of my life and my best friend 's birthday and I'm 2786 I'm away 	sadness
	Dead!!! RT 1st_ClassAct: My grandmother won't let me step foot in the kitchen 	sadness
	not ready to leave home yet 	sadness
	Every time I watch TopGun I get so depressed when Goose dies You can't have a Maverick without the Goose man!! 	sadness
	Studying so angry mum threw away all my Arthurian papers!!!!!! =[	sadness
	Biz Marke has fallen so low 	sadness
	working all night lone mainly my fault but can't say it doesn't annoy me 	sadness
	These shootings are terrible One of my team members this week was on the 1st floor during the va tech shootings  knew 13 victims 	sadness
	needs laid real bad like reeaaal bad n its like 35 tweets now he's my buddy and he is 	sadness
	your kampung at Klang actually btw i just bought new earphone RED BLACK rm15 dok sempat nk jejak kaki ke USS pong! 	sadness
	on Mary Mary is a real fucking moo moo man	sadness
	I hate it when you start to have feelings for a girl and then another guy takes her 	sadness
	L'ultima speranza di veder rinsavire era questa data Che triste conferma Togliere la parola prescindere dal vocabolario 	sadness
	you know i haven't had  all christmas season 	sadness
	6 hours of tuition today 	sadness
	Just learned my SIL's grandmother died yesterday She was 103 	sadness
	Oooo just been offered a brand new laptop with zero cost! Shame it's spam :( 	sadness
	You know you have no life when you have 3 tabs open and they are Twitter Facebook and Tumblr 	sadness
	god i just love that post        bullying	sadness
	Parce qu'on m'a dit qu'un 3ème bras me pousserait et qu'aucun ami/parent ne viendrait me voir je repousse mon voyage au Japon 	sadness
	The Kooks are performing tonight at the Henry Fonda Theatre and I'm here and not there 	sadness
	One kill away from an ac130 I die then get fuckin spawnkilled by my teammates care package 	sadness
	Last day of mentoring at the middle school this semester has flown by	sadness
	oh new tweetdeck upon first day of use i'm feeling you're not as nice as old tweetdeck 	sadness
	when the only people who  on twitter are your gf her best friend and a little man 	sadness
	Watching Christmas movies and wondering what it would be like to be one of those people who spend Christmas alone 	sadness
	Thank goodness for The Hunger Games to save me from boredom since there's no glee tonight 	sadness
	ii seen ah dude take ah piic wiit $3 	sadness
	& one tortoise watch while two other tortoises got it on is the closest I ever got to a threesome 	sadness
	Who is sad about and going home I am I love you guys:))) good luck in the future from FANZ in NZ!	sadness
	yeah and i dont end up even startign the book and sit here tweeting life stories 	sadness
	A bachelorette party came in to The Local with a cheesehead with a veil attached 	sadness
	72 mancano solo 6 mesi alla prossima estate YAAAAY questo significa che mancano solo 6 mesi al mio esame 	sadness
	 by the Bee Gees is an epic of  lovely (false) nostalgiaFour Stars	sadness
	I would live to but I work again tonight 	sadness
	Man has created almost all of the things that threaten his survival  steal his joy  peace 	sadness
	Went to Petco saw a kitty she was perfect and beautiful feel in love with her didn't get her Worst day of my life 	sadness
	Well Both are fine I'm not though Khenso and I stayed up all night last night waiting for you to call 	sadness
	At the hospital with my great grandmother 	sadness
	not wanting to unplug my Christmas lights but needing complete darkness in order to sleep 	sadness
	Back to reality in the morning 	sadness
	here I am at work on pizza sunday There's no pizza 	sadness
	Cute Ryan Reynolds look a like hasn't been in class the pass few days 	sadness
	i should really get rid of my phone All it does is bring misery 	sadness
	my first and favorite class of college is over BUT Im so happy I'm a comm major because that hopefully means i'll see again!	sadness
	That boy Albreezy is drunk as fuck right now ROTFLMBAO	sadness
	just finished choir ! My teacher has no voice D: ! 	sadness
	When fun things are happening the day you have to study for your final :( 	sadness
	Lost dig seen on cedar st btw myrtle and evergreen Beige beagle/lab-ish looking ADORABLE dude   	sadness
	Today I watched a man commit suicide 	sadness
	I feel some kinda way about you iggin my nostalgia tweet :(	sadness
	I'm just the funny white boy that can shoot and sits the bench! 	sadness
	Last night in Manila - flying back home tomorrow 	sadness
	Bad as it is v can't chng t n d present system da  s n d blood f evry politician out ter 	sadness
	El soundtrack de mi vida: Sangre Azul - No puedo estat sin ti 	sadness
	My new dryer is being delivered today this is the most excitement I had in years 	sadness
	Finally gave in - put put all the flip flops away and moved the winter clothes to the front of the closet Must not weep 	sadness
	question of the century why does McDonalds stop making breakfast at 10:30AM 	sadness
	my ex is a fucking coward  but i still love him     	sadness
	Please god let my dog be quiet in her kennel otherwise she had to have a new home 	sadness
	So jealous of the kids seeing tonight alive tmmrrw 	sadness
	flat tire on my car 	sadness
	Friends just wants to make me cry all the time 	sadness
	just ate my last cookie from momofuku milk bar 	sadness
	is being there alllllll weekend long Should just bring a pillow 	sadness
	Michael Jackson Night - The eternal king of POP! )-: May he rest in peace a  	sadness
	Going to sleep so good tonight I could use a cuddle buddy Any takers?  	sadness
	Oh god I just got a papercut and now I'm afraid to stretch my hand in any way that could make it worse 	sadness
	hahahaha! why not get the Note? Look its not as advanced as the 5110 but it seems pretty cool But no Snake 	sadness
	I hate working in the winter The shop's always really cold 	sadness
	exactly! Crack a smile to cover up the cracks on our lonely hearts 	sadness
	If the Sabres lose tonight this will mark one of the Top Ten Worst weeks in Buffalo Sports History 	sadness
	Crazy STUPID love  	sadness
	 I'm not at the Two Door Cinema Club concert at the Midland right now Damn sold out 2 months ago box-office  	sadness
	 missed school today didn't get missed band class and choir :(	sadness
	I wish I could sing like a Disney princess Belle Ariel Cinderella - they had PIPES! 	sadness
	'I shouldn't treat you badly I'm a dick' - why act like one then? headphones in and ignore the world 	sadness
	This lady on the bus is wearing a bright yellow jacket and matching headphones but too many people are between us to get a picture 	sadness
	That depressing moment when you realize that today is in fact not Thursday 	sadness
	I want to know how love actually feels like :/ so lonely and hopeless these days  & will my life shift gears? 	sadness
	Despite the media's attempts to drive him out Hillis is the  most talented player on offence Enjoy him for 4 more games 	sadness
	you're not coming to Italy for a live concert are you? 	sadness
	clear your head by escaping the nonsensical interpretations return to life and live the day again   	sadness
	If I'm lucky I remember to trim my ends once a year 	sadness
	boom badum boom boom badum boom bass haha :'(((((	sadness
	Haven't had my phone all day 	sadness
	Hey Erica! Let see ur tweets!Can only see u when I flip over to here  	sadness
	Forever stomach pains 	sadness
	Shattered the screen on my beloved phone ?	sadness
	dang why do people keep shooting eachother at Virginia Tech 	sadness
	odeio ouvir um disco legalprocurar um lugar pra baixa-lo e não encontrar!!!! =S ( )	sadness
	Ijust realized wen I donate mi hair ima look like mi brother from thee nek up -__- lol	sadness
	i cry every night cuz u dont follow back :(	sadness
	I just realized that Harry Browne the 1st person I voted for in a Presidential race died back in '06 	sadness
	I won't be able to see you guys on tour ): might go see the digitour but it seems less fun without you guys	sadness
	was it your brother!? =P I miss him playing hockey 	sadness
	Just call me angel of the morning angel 	sadness
	I feel bad for the people who paid money to see the Iron Bowl It's nothing but a blood bath now 	sadness
	Being stuck because your crying so much you can't see to drive is not fun 	sadness
	I will be back in atlanta in 3 weeks RT HeatherHebb: drove by your old place today! 	sadness
	ciaoo 3 yes adesso sono appena partita da Mestretra poco meno di due ore sono a Trieste spero ^__^ come va con te?	sadness
	Wake up at 430 for work and I couldn't even see the eclipse Now eating my feelings away with del hahaha 	sadness
	if she's a bird he's a bird  I want a bird 	sadness
	Why wont twitter let me change my background :( 	sadness
	i hope will read my DM kh8 no reply naMbasa lng tlga :((((( WISHKOLANG MASTERRRRR! Please 	sadness
	club penguin freezes my computer 	sadness
	Today has been so boring I didnt get to go to the mall I didnt get to see breaking dawn I didnt get to see my friends 	sadness
	lol!!! I got one right now and I hate that ish!!! I just hate the concept Lol 	sadness
	Cant believe i wasted my time on this game shoulda been asleep 	sadness
	I just remembered i need to cancel my hair appt bc i spent my money on other things	sadness
	Wished I had learned to play steel pan as a kid 	sadness
	Con questo gelo prenderei una bella amica e me ne andrei in giro a fare shopping con tanto di pausa bar al calduccioa gustare♥ 	sadness
	Forgive and forget gets the best of me I care about people wayy to much	sadness
	Wishes her bbffl would text her back 	sadness
	ever wish you could go back a few years  and do it all differently 	sadness
	Went looking for it / because I knew it to be true / regret finding it   	sadness
	I remember when i used to spend my whole day with my best friend but now she'd rarely talk to me : / 	sadness
	if this was approx 1 year ago I bet u would be beside me right meow along with 	sadness
	last full day in europe 	sadness
	did anyone else NOT go black friday shopping? 	sadness
	Had to leave my friends for my theatre class 	sadness
	Staying up too late to watch the Half Blood Prince Dumbledore is dead  	sadness
	J'veux pas quitter mon lit :(  	sadness
	soall I could find was that AJ Cook was fired bc the producers felt her character expendable 	sadness
	That sad moment when you realize that you haven't seen your cousin in forever:(((((((   gone:((	sadness
	really?! a Christmas version of the homeless/dying dogs commercial?! hahaha 	sadness
	Why must you go to sleep early? I wait all day to talk to you 	sadness
	My eyesight is getting worse I need my glasses to watch tv!!! Ugh 	sadness
	alright So I am officially done with my Viva La Juicy Sample  but I am going to ask for the full size for my 15th birthday!(:	sadness
	If this feeling is a precursor to the next month… well I just gotta keep my head up 	sadness
	What's wrong with the world momma  people livin like they ain't got no momma's 	sadness
	Sorry I've disappeared from the twitter sphere I've been too busy to tweet   	sadness
	god just saw a sad animal commercial 	sadness
	After all this drama and shiiit I now want to fight someone so badddd -____- Nut eryybody always backs down 	sadness
	After reading twitter posts I'm starting to sadly realize that hos can't be honest with their own ho activities 	sadness
	I didnt get any blue mms in my pack 	sadness
	My rose is not in PLC This is how next semester will feel 	sadness
	I'm gonna miss  ): Back to school tomorrow 	sadness
	Oh dear! The downtown  Quizno's has an Out of Business sign on its door 	sadness
	the hook of the door keeps hooking onto my lace shorts it is ripping the lace 	sadness
	lost 2 followers today Maybe it was me saying I was hungry	sadness
	I wish I saw Terror one of the past two days!! 	sadness
	hush! I wish :( so jealous you get to see I could cry 	sadness
	Who knew hanging Christmas lights outside could be so time consuming and exhausting? I'm not even finished yet 	sadness
	The only bad part about this day is that I broke a string 	sadness
	The wifi at school better work or im  for twitter during the day 	sadness
	Would love to have best friend time but oh wait! is still in nompton and is in Florida Cool story bro 	sadness
	No Black Friday madness for me this year 	sadness
	I really wanna go to  in Feb/Mar in San Diego next year but I don't really see any way to afford it… 	sadness
	When someone falls asleep texting you then never responds the next day 	sadness
	Getting sick during the night while having a beautiful sleep sucks ass!!! 	sadness
	I have study hall first period And it's the only one today :( 	sadness
	Its sad when you see a great person mad esp one with a great heart :( hope he smiles end of tonight	sadness
	:( sad face Missing my bestest friends in the world I need you guys  	sadness
	We are clearly not gonna find a cupcake shop in the East are we? 	sadness
	Now for an exciting night of paper writing! 	sadness
	I used to be so much more clever and witty Now I am crabby and boring 	sadness
	I can't believe dis man just kickeddis woman in her mouth wow bruh 	sadness
	I miss you so freaking much! :'( & it's your turn to talk to me 	sadness
	Tomorrow is going to be a long day 	sadness
	bboying by myself on my spare got 3 head spin drills into a baby yeah it's not happening ever again 	sadness
	Not being able to distinguish a dream from reality 	sadness
	So confused Cant wait for Thanksgiving why do we have to go to school tomorrow!!!  Tweet	sadness
	God miss high school football 	sadness
	So much love for the psychosocial video Love to see them live but seeing Clown live would probably kill me :/ 	sadness
	You walk away Everyday it will rain	sadness
	Its hard to be separated from the one you really love! Even for a min!	sadness
	Last night kinda made me miss high school 	sadness
	4 years of studying (+) Board exam = Either Low Salary or Volunteer just to practice your profession _ 	sadness
	Cette fille était vraiment à mon goût mais ce n'était pas possible de son côté 	sadness
	I'm so in need of liquor in my home My apt has never been this dry 	sadness
	Ohh! A horsey hore! In the middle of no where hahah hills! Sand! Im on Saltillo Coahuila yippiie! And just got my laser cirgury 	sadness
	ummm of course its about you! I haven't seen your smile in a long time tho :( 	sadness
	I remember when Lupe would rap for the length that I just heard and the world would be unearthed when he was through 	sadness
	That moment when your heart feels like its being stabbed over and over again and its hard to swallow 	sadness
	Not again!! RT cljungling: Oh dear! The downtown  Quizno's has an Out of Business sign on its door 	sadness
	Finally Mockingjay has arrived! Bad timing must do finals work 	sadness
	Twitter please stop rubbing it in that you watched  last nght however fell asleep befor it started and now i am in a state of 	sadness
	has had a great day Doesn't want jiggs to leave for work 	sadness
	wow i tweeted that a week ago and youre just now seeing it 	sadness
	I've just seen/reviewed some crazy shit done in ASPNET MVC 	sadness
	Oh noes I posted the aqua twice on my instagram! Am I a bad person now? :( Then again classics need more display!	sadness
	It sucks I can't sing in the shower at school 	sadness
	you had me until the validation link for my email instantly expired and I could not attempt to try your software 	sadness
	home with the babbis but can't hold the 7 month old coz he has flu 	sadness
	Goin to the mall with my cousin cause the mother of won't take her :C  	sadness
	I am happy its warm outside not happy that I have a flat tire on my bike	sadness
	sigh just kidding on the previous tweet 1 down 3 to go 	sadness
	Solis and her IMAGINARY FATTY (PREMO VOICE)	sadness
	  Being sick! :-( and Monday Both of which are inevitable tomorrow 	sadness
	I just realized the eggnog I bought has high fructose corn syrup in it  	sadness
	So on the one night  I decide to get our social lives back on track it decides to rain 	sadness
	Spent $66 on 3 books already how bout I send you $10 and get the last 3?  This deal makes me sad!  	sadness
	Apparently my english teacher his frnds watch kids movie sing along once a week to remind them of there childhood  	sadness
	Already time to go back to school tomorrow where did the break go?!? 	sadness
	 more days in Sydney then im NewZealand bound Last trip before study mode next  	sadness
	If you want to be  KISS Keep It Simple Stupid tags:       	sadness
	Its like somebody is trying to make me cry tonight! So much  	sadness
	5 hour choir practice? No but really?  	sadness
	Officially a youth graduate 	sadness
	they say between Robinson  Brown is a good ole fashion hoedown  girls fuckin and suckin and asking for nothing  	sadness
	anybody wanna invite me to their thanksgiving dinner? my family is gonna be gone and ima be all alone lol 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you get into a stranger's van and there isn't any candy  	sadness
	I just need four eggs! I guess there won't be any crepes today 	sadness
	Bye Bye Albert :( Cadinals still 	sadness
	flow like a fountain josh climbing a mountain a mountain of dryspell his everyday is a hell of  checkit	sadness
	Sad BSNL Internet out for more than half a day Company now using Docomo 2G Internet :) 	sadness
	So many things running through my head   	sadness
	haha I just found my wreck this journal this past weekend and was going to ask you about it xD I haven't had time 	sadness
	Tryinh to eat lettuce but I& my tongue :( 	sadness
	ngayon pala showing nung movie ni at na  ☺ di nga lang ako makkanood bukas pa! 	sadness
	Gasp! Someone mentioned me in a tweet?! Nope just spam 	sadness
	How the hella do we lose Riley and Arlo White in the same day 	sadness
	Fans when Tiger is losing: Good! He's a scumbag! Fans when Tiger is winning: Ooooh I love a winner All is forgiven!!! 	sadness
	Watching  last week episode online I will miss Amber Andy is still  	sadness
	Girls nowadays learned to whore out at a young age  Ain't got no self worth 	sadness
	I wish I had the motivation to do my homework but I just don't   	sadness
	im very sad because we had that hilarious lunch at joeys but now its gone :'(  	sadness
	GingerProblems: Sticks and stones may break my bones but sunburns will seriously no for real they'll kill me  	sadness
	Jurassic Park: The Game I don't know what you are exactly but a game is definitely not it 	sadness
	U miss How I loved you How I spoil you How I slow stroked you But u know what   	sadness
	I didn't get to think in English today and I was too busy doodling in Welsh to think 	sadness
	Don't know as if I remember the last time we went to the cabin for Thanksgiving without any snow	sadness
	Its so cold in my room tonight 	sadness
	Just scored the last batch of chicken tenders ever from Beauregards on Airport 	sadness
	if only the mind gets sharper as fatigue sets in 	sadness
	FML rewriting Maths on Monday Not good at Maths  and 	sadness
	That 90% sobered up phase where you dunno whether to eat or sleep 	sadness
	2    = make pleasant wonderful  right now!     	sadness
	Sunday nights are the worse I hate school 	sadness
	Oh by the way can you guess a terrible news?! Super 8 comes here on 14th december! :((  Is unfair!! :(	sadness
	cup! Y U no red??? It's still the holiday season   	sadness
	My grandmother won't let me step foot in the kitchen 	sadness
	Thanksgiving soon to bad I can't enjoy it 	sadness
	:c RT dope_ass_pepe: Its weird how I tweet but yet I've never talked to her at school? Oo 	sadness
	YouTube claims your new Dragon Roost Island video ft Veela is a private video Yet it was emailed :( 	sadness
	leaving camp today 	sadness
	I am almost scared to go to 4th period Someone is always shooting mean looks or snapping at me for talking or laughing 	sadness
	How I hate walking away that last time 	sadness
	People hide their behind a  smile	sadness
	Arg have to wait till february for more Walking Dead 	sadness
	I feel my world is ending today  	sadness
	Okay so now Russia seems to be the new nation to be going thru the whole kicking out the ruling party drama  	sadness
	the sky isn't always blue and the sun doesn't always shine its okay to fall apart sometimes 	sadness
	Gonna finally try to read some of my bookI have no time for books since school started 	sadness
	Maybe I need some rehab or maybe just need some sleep but I think thanksgiving break just went right over me 	sadness
	tell me about it i miss you guys when i'm in classes i can't imagine this break 	sadness
	Frustrated stressed  i guess i am not posed to enjoy happiness 	sadness
	Have to set my alarm 15 mins earlier to wake up and warm my car	sadness
	Gettin ready to drive back to chatt town Last minute playing with my little b's! 	sadness
	1am sneak to Harris teeterapparently you go 48 years without trying a smore  	sadness
	track practice without tomorrow 	sadness
	I feel like  walking down a never ending spiral staircase  	sadness
	to feel happy just once for a whole day would be brilliant 	sadness
	Bought a Mirinda bottle Lost enthu after first few gulps What a waste! :| 	sadness
	no snow for christmas i think i might cry 	sadness
	second time going to  second time missing the band i most wanted to see 	sadness
	Not going to black Friday this year! 	sadness
	Spent all class wanting a wrap and of course they're out of chicken salad  	sadness
	Just realized I only have like a week left with great people like and until next semester 	sadness
	That's great! But I don't think they'll replace the ref if it were a complaint from a 'normal' person Sad but true! 	sadness
	New story idea :( so tempted to start it but I know I'll just end up abandoning it halfway through because of writersblock D': 	sadness
	:O you ruined it! You didn't put a gap between 7 and 0! 	sadness
	Its difficult for me to ignore all their nonsensei have a feeling tooI'm not a girl tat no feelings 	sadness
	Not enough time in the day to listen to all that great music out there 	sadness
	I haven't been to Toys R Us in like 5 years 	sadness
	I'm  very sorry to say but  is not real It's an April Fool's Prank 	sadness
	doesn't understand why people act this way 	sadness
	The mom in this piece is really depressing You are NOT gay! It's disgusting You're disgusting! 	sadness
	SAD I'm effin sad!!! How can life be so unfair? :( 	sadness
	Just left my mom at work now driving home listening to the one that got away 	sadness
	 yeah I noticed your brother deleted him twitter 	sadness
	And the bears lose So awkwardly too Like an ending to the Sopranos or something 	sadness
	awkward moment when you're wetter before you have the shower :( 	sadness
	I love dance but can't make better move 	sadness
	I was talking bout Maria leaving yee she left 2day 	sadness
	Just sittingstaring at the mess i made while painting the house Overwhelmed Someone help clean? 	sadness
	Ahh I can't escape the men graphic tee distressed cuffed jeans infinity scarf and boot look outside of work lol 	sadness
	your ass makes a g-string stand for granny panties :/	sadness
	Poor Forest getting in trouble for saving someone kinda how I feel now a days 	sadness
	Craving Nathansneed a Magwheels with tabasco and a coke light like right now 	sadness
	help me people don't like the muppets at my school 	sadness
	My parents won't allow me to buy any of your shirts Giant Creature is all but a distant dream for me now 	sadness
	:) good!! i really thought you hated me for a minute /: 	sadness
	missed the Victoria Fashion show for Soccer 	sadness
	 what the hell??? mathew dies on thanksgiving ohh my eyes are sweaty   	sadness
	My phone died and my charger is at school! 	sadness
	Just realized my 3000 tweet was a drunk tweet!! 	sadness
	iPod touch 2g dying-on/off top acting up 	sadness
	My  and I Didn't Talk the Whole Day Today :'( 	sadness
	 my copy of fragile things is gone either Cthulhu ate itor the police at the occupy rallies have been in my room 	sadness
	 I like it all A lot better But my rotation Please bring my ability to rotate back  	sadness
	The feeling you get when your trainers tell you that your football team is going to be dissolved after christmas 	sadness
	I miss you too! I would say letz chill at the pep rally togetherbut I'm not going tomorrow  	sadness
	Rememberlast year we were all already excited for the XFactor to see the boys sing I miss those times :( 	sadness
	 My Mom - Do you think that case can hold 170 pounds on it? Mom I weigh 135 	sadness
	You knowproblem is not him not reading newspapersbut being one of his typical voters 	sadness
	So the  scene is losing (San Fran bound)  (cross country road trip) in 2012? 	sadness
	Wanna heat up this gumbo but there is no more rice 	sadness
	I think we are too much of horn balls for this class to be taken seriously 	sadness
	my speakers aren't working right  Sound from the one's coming in and out and it has a static-quality to it - 	sadness
	Upset that and are not coming to Ohio anytime soon Both bands put on killer shows 	sadness
	Missing my life partner already :( 	sadness
	I make half of that band 	sadness
	trying to reply your tweet but phone is dumb clicked many buttons for nothing 	sadness
	I wish I was at least a tiny bit artistic :/ 	sadness
	Helping one of the best friends move Not fun but gotta do it 	sadness
	 smh ! but you juss fell of the face of the earth ! one day i juss never heard from you again 	sadness
	Our brighter future where good education = drilling and passing Stndard tests The Lottery 2010 youtubecom/watch?v=2cQfrS 	sadness
	first semester of  coming to an end :( 	sadness
	Birthday is tomorrow and I can't make it  to tiesto/Tinie tempah/ferry corsten/deadmau5 	sadness
	I don't know why but I felt like my heart tore into pieces It's hurt I felt unlucky D': 	sadness
	My parents don't know who Sylvia Plath is What I have learnt from English Extension is how uncultured my parents are 	sadness
	Omg so much on tv tonight!!! But I have SO MUCH HW!!! :(( :/ ugh! looks like my hw won't b gettin done XD	sadness
	Oh dear game kit local networking - why do even simple things like disconnectPeerFromAllPeers: not work? 	sadness
	I feel like a total selfish bitch :( 	sadness
	i think i broke my butt bone 	sadness
	One day was a wonderful but sad movie It took them 16 years to see what was right in front of them and it was too late 	sadness
	i read that and had a heart attack i thought you really met him bc i didn't read the last part 	sadness
	I don't know how but I think I lost my pair of Vibrams  Sighs 	sadness
	Ugh  My break ovaa dat quick  Danq'Mayaaaaan    ' (:	sadness
	damn  is making me feel like a failure at twitter getting like 20 followers a second 	sadness
	I'll be on the lookout You not having that sweater would be like recess peanut butter cups not having peanut butter 	sadness
	My coffee is gonna taste extra bitter tomorrow Probably all the tears   	sadness
	The worst part is that's not the only time it's happened 	sadness
	imagine that portugal the man and smashing pumpkins are playing in vienna and i'm not going to either one 	sadness
	Love that he can't even talk to me Even though he's the one in the wrong 	sadness
	This cold weather is perfect for cuddling with your sweethearttoo bad I don't have one to snuggle with :( 	sadness
	Super pissed! Tore my favorite fucking Polo today! 	sadness
	Tomorrow will be fulfilled 3 months that my aunt died and I feel terrible 	sadness
	So many little white blocks and chinese writing on my TL that I don't understand 	sadness
	hoy comprobé que cuando se esta en la oscuridad hasta la misma sombra lo abandona a uno 	sadness
	also omg  Dover Air Force Base?  Really??? 	sadness
	Just got home from work and there isn't a in sight But he did leave me a DRKGB CD and made my bed 	sadness
	I keep forgetting that el tarasco in wc doesn't have a liquor license anymore 	sadness
	Today's fire will not start  	sadness
	Not even a full day and i miss every1 	sadness
	Our Christmas tree is broken :( 	sadness
	So today was my last Christmas play I'll ever have at my school 	sadness
	If he was 8 yrs old LeBron would Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	Man I wish I was in Dallas Bet the winter meetings are rocking right now  	sadness
	The BCS sucks ass The national championship should be LSU vs OSU but it won't 	sadness
	I am going back to  for a few daysto bad ill miss you 	sadness
	I did see earlier tweets But I've now exposed you as a Brooker-pilfering charlatan   	sadness
	Hittin the train back to Toronto from a great weekend in Ottawa with my Sam :( 	sadness
	Traumatized for life  My mama hit a deer  	sadness
	Haven't seen Frankii in mad long 	sadness
	So it is now Sunday and my brother leaves to live in the UK at 5pm this afternoon 	sadness
	thought I should make up for lost time because I can't tweet from this loner phone haha 	sadness
	I dig that my car's brand is bringing me the show Next Iron Chef of course the buick of now looks nothing like the buick of old 	sadness
	Sad she won't be there this year grabbing  sharing all the delicious deserts with me while I'm in the DJ booth 	sadness
	GREAT my girlfriends mic AND keyboard on her pos phone broke Right before I have to work 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you don't check your DMs and find out DMed you 2 days ago! 	sadness
	in a state of shock no way did  just die  if this is true this is the end of me watching you 	sadness
	 decide for my own's sake i mean i have the freedom to choose you know  	sadness
	Instead of wiping your tears wipe away the people who created them& 	sadness
	OMG IM GETTING BRACES!! U KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS?!?! i wont be able to sing goodly anymore :(	sadness
	Breaths gunna smell like shit after this French vanilla 	sadness
	Just got back in town from spending a day with Boo! It was WONDERFUL!!! Back to reality 	sadness
	Lolz il a des gens qui on pas de vie 	sadness
	Today was such a good day You ruined it :(	sadness
	Big weekend and my voice is tired!! 	sadness
	too damn scared to answer 	sadness
	tomorrow is the day to say goodbye  i'm all the way in NC  	sadness
	Living with my mother is like living with an extremely depressed friend that I can't ever discuss my sex life with  	sadness
	what's school I haven't been there in a week  I'm uncomfortable in bed can't move cuz of leg 	sadness
	Carlos! I lost your number and I got a new number! :( 	sadness
	I'm a lil disappointed I was waitin for her to rip her clothes off and sing TGIF or something 	sadness
	Mais pourquoi ne fonctionne que par intermittence au  ? Je précise que j'ai un abonnement monde	sadness
	Glad schools out! But want to a have d-high game 	sadness
	Disney memories are pulling at my heart strings and controlling my emotions tonight 	sadness
	either my phone or phone is being gay 	sadness
	Tendulkar evades his 100th 100 Federer cries with joy on clinching the Paris Masters and Vettel loses a chance to equal Schumacher 	sadness
	About to have a movie night with my booboo jellyybeansz 3 Last night in NYC before we go back to Madison 	sadness
	I am bored	sadness
