	Thinks that had a great 50th birthday party :) 	surprise
	Een ware Sint in-en uittocht achter de rug Winkel IN winkel UIT winkel IN winkel UIT! 	surprise
	People know they can pull you  down and they dont give a care & 	surprise
	I have a package at the post office Can't think what could be in it  I don't remember internet shopping while drinking 	surprise
	Decemeber 17th!!!!!!! COME ON good night cant wait 	surprise
	when u get a chance u should leave that piece out for 10 min then turn the lights out 	surprise
	I would feel obligated if you knew when it happened It's all about the element of 	surprise
	SOMETiMES I JUST SiT BACK AND OBSERVE THiNGS 	surprise
	back on the internet no such thing as writing essays	surprise
	Je viens de voir le film Les Schtroumpfs avec mes enfants Et j'ai beaucoup ri Par contre bien sûr : 	surprise
	Got approved for a Kay credit card for up to $500 going to buy James a watch! Shhhhhh lol 	surprise
	Traffic jam of Bandra-Worli Sea link from Bandra to Worli 	surprise
	Had me zo voorgenomen om Josey zelf zijn te laten maken Waarom zit ik dan onder de behanglijm glitters en verf?	surprise
	I haven't listened to I Remember Me in full in a minute 	surprise
	Your 4o dancing like your 2o big when your boob pops out 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Arabic coursework deadline extended by a week! 	surprise
	Tyler Seguin (Boston) Ryan Nugent-Hopkins (Edmonton) and Jeff Skinner (Carolina) will not be made available for world juniors 	surprise
	watch'n the news  this lady went to the ER for stomach cramps  had a whole baby  she didn kno she was preggo what a 	surprise
	Wow! RT RymanStationery: I've got a feeling that very shortly we'll be making a special announcement for a very lucky person ! 	surprise
	Mum and Dad left £20 and some sweets on our bed 	surprise
	aww max gaat in de kast liggen en als ik er dan langs loop valt ie me aan 	surprise
	Hannibal for the night for birthday!!! 	surprise
	It's so awesome to a woman when she gets outta the shower by eating her 	surprise
	secretly learning a song on the piano my parents will crap themselves when I preform for them Christmas day 	surprise
	On a été a la Vp& !! Un petit cadeau t attend a Paris hihi 3	surprise
	YAY!!!!! I love you! :) RT  Since you've whistled so loudly come pick a Khazana Voucher for 1000shs 	surprise
	Can you believe the debt committee is predicted to announce that they can't come to any sort of agreement? Shocking I know 	surprise
	Is going to win best boyfriend award for 2011 when she opens her door on her birthday! 	surprise
	Walked into the last day of class to find out there is a quiz 	surprise
	haha np! that was my first time seeing who was talking about my box bag on twitter~ 	surprise
	I love telling people I have a degree 	surprise
	Sometimes something great and unexpected happens to turn it all around 	surprise
	omg my black and white cat misses/coco is in my room being nice 	surprise
	hun I've known I for 12 years I think u can figure it out! Maybe a Christmas present! me	surprise
	Ben zooo bang dat ik een hint eruit heb laten vallen ofzo echt iets voor mij 	surprise
	Feelin a bit sad tonight 	surprise
	Wat een super leuk idee! Mag ik je idee stelen voor mijn zusje?  	surprise
	happy early birthday girl we  youuuu more! 	surprise
	yeah except for me its Kenny running around frantically trying to find me coz Justin is hiding coz its a :P	surprise
	Back down in giovanini for blaw  the first person I make eye contact with is Coach   	surprise
	Went to the new balance outlet and switched all the left shoes with right onesthat's what you get for not trying them on 	surprise
	I figured it out!! Yay me! However Grams was totally in the dark! 	surprise
	Thanks I am so moved by the response But the real magic was seeing hundreds of people turn and see  	surprise
	Can't wait to see tonight! Little does she know that I'm sleeping in her bed 	surprise
	YES seriously my dream to get onehe can choose the song mehe is more popularcool and hotter whatever 	surprise
	I love running into peoples houses and jumping on them to wake their ass up! 	surprise
	indd ik had voor noud ook axe gekocht alleen dan douche 	surprise
	c'est un gars il tweet trop pas et il apparait de temps en temps comme ca 	surprise
	Whatttttttttt Central Boy's Basketball Team beat East Hamilton 	surprise
	Nu opruimen dikke zooi! Dan beetje aan mijn surprise werken koken met  dan meiden hier 	surprise
	The cafe is serving bile or lunch! 	surprise
	March should be a good month if all goes to plan 	surprise
	hell yeah! Lmao I'm doin it on my side lol	surprise
	als jij bij de action bent kijk dan even hoeveel de normale pepernoten daar zijn en de chocolade letters 	surprise
	Definitely did not feel hershey lightsnot as good as it was is middle school 	surprise
	Is ze jarig? Doe een strik om je lul en bel bij dr aan 	surprise
	The 2012 Formula 3 Australian Drivers Championship Calendar will be announced today And it will be very good! 	surprise
	Excited for wednesday People are in for a surprise :) 	surprise
	ik moet een zelf bedachte gedicht maken voor school  oehh je mag zelf weten wt je erinzet !xd	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Shit  made a play in 4th quarter when it actually count 	surprise
	not gonna lie i fucking most of the people i go to school with 	surprise
	my nail polish froze in my basement !	surprise
	Damn i thought we were friendsbut i really don't you like bitch Haha 	surprise
	Great! You can babysit your nephew! RT FrancesMyrick: Im coming to stay with yall next week! 	surprise
	“I see it i see it bol RT Deb_DoesItBetta: lol yeah I totally meant you (see what I dud there?)” lol	surprise
	Oh hey your giving me a ride tomorrow 	surprise
	I miss my ice man! And that was a great 	surprise
	zo omkleden en zo even naar een winkel voor een cadootje voor me pa 	surprise
	Some days you turn up to a gig to find its a double headliner with another band you like 	surprise
	Gedoucht en ben echt moe! Gelukkig vandaag geen lang dagje! En als ik thuis kom moet ik ook nog even een gedicht maken! 	surprise
	You're like an Indian summer in the middle of winter Like a hard candy with a center	surprise
	Money isn't made out of paper it's made out of cotton 	surprise
	 Si je vous fais un sneak peak de mon chapeau vous le gardez pour vous ?  Ou vous préférez la ?	surprise
	Why does my look so fucked up?! I was on my channel an hour ago and it was normal Kinda cool but totally unexpected 	surprise
	but theyre so fucking predictable Yup there gonna get married in the end 	surprise
	Very possible that i will be recieving an Iphone 4S for christmas after recieving a text message from verizon congratulating me 	surprise
	les francais ne voient plus la France comme un AAA?:) bretones	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	muahaha i have a visit to make to some of my friends tomorrow 	surprise
	I just left my carver senior legacy to two of my girlsthey gone be happy when they receive it!!!  	surprise
	on the other hand fire and ice was empty till about 830 pm 	surprise
	your right I belong in the kitchen Where I have access to knives And pans 	surprise
	First time I was in a good mood all day:') actually got along with my parents 	surprise
	Yayayayay let's go JETS can't wait for the game! You're gonna love the stadium Biggest in NFL  	surprise
	stop trying to figure out your christmas present  3	surprise
	im actually in a decent mood this morning 	surprise
	 my mom went to the w/c  left me with her MD friends! When she got back I was already crying 	surprise
	ik heb al 8 zinnen die opzich nog kunnen in een gedicht	surprise
	Heb tenslotte nog tot zondag om mijn af te maken 	surprise
	Guess what we're doing in AP Lit today!!!! Nothing 	surprise
	Hey I will be filming a new video soon Two actually :) will be up Thursday and Friday 	surprise
	My Friend's dog just ripped a loud ass fart then looked at his ass surprised! 	surprise
	Oh echt? Dan mag je die van ons ook wel maken hoor : ) 	surprise
	Urban accepted Ohio State coaching job I thought the whole reason he quit Florida was because of health?  	surprise
	I'm watching the game tomorrow night at your place fyi 	surprise
	i love coming home weighing myself and seeing I've lost weight 	surprise
	PASSED MY DRUG TEST ?  	surprise
	maken met kind Tip 3: Teken meet knip vouw zaag en plak kort voor bedtijd Kind slaapt daarna als een roosje 	surprise
	lovely birthday meal with all everyone! So much love for the  clarissa murphy xxxx	surprise
	I never noticed how long my hair is when is curly :o 	surprise
	True Friends are not what you expected 	surprise
	Classic Right when the test is about to start someone pulls the fire alarm  jannakannard	surprise
	I hope you stay tuned because there will be some news at 6PM!  !	surprise
	Small children+water that is too deep for them=probably no good 	surprise
	New Cave Story+ update for Steam is almost ready! You're going to love this one! 	surprise
	Nog wat afmaken voor werk want morgen verplichte vrije dag  gekregen van mijn lieffie 	surprise
	Curling my hair actually looks good 	surprise
	Adding Prince Royce to my mothers Pandora account because I know how much she loves her Spanish music lmfao 	surprise
	  got a TD to end the half to take the lead What a 	surprise
	lol yeah I totally meant you (see what I dud there?)	surprise
	no not yet he hasn't a clue thinks we are going back notts gonna be good  for my lad	surprise
	Tomorrow I'm going to get nd Jaela frm school early nd takin my grls to lunch L0L 	surprise
	Wat? Dat Boy Brees Ran Da Boy My Nigga In My Houston Voice lol	surprise
	Breaking News Dad and Penny are going on another Cruise in February 	surprise
	the most recent project for art is drawing a portrait of someone which I've already done first Beyonce second 	surprise
	Time for bed Bed full of   stuff fuuuuuuuu	surprise
	Finally with the long lost best friend  	surprise
	jus so u know I have stalked ur school website to see when u play and u will see me in the near future !	surprise
	keep tht job and grind it out bank statement come thru see yu grindin now	surprise
	 you break into ashtoncaldwell2's house when she's out of town to get your birthday cake  she doesn't know 	surprise
	  did succeed with pizza rolls last night 	surprise
	The first place I drive to the studio 	surprise
	 I was 5 years old  My aunt took me to the mall and never told my parents  	surprise
	you should be getting your early x mas present sometime in the next couple weeks 	surprise
	Try to surprise birthday boy and he ends up surprising us by showing up at our hiding spot 	surprise
	My Right Hand Has 3 Fingers Able To Work Gunna Release A Hopefully Tomorrow! 	surprise
	I love surprise bday parties! Doing last minute stuff before the birthday boy gets here 	surprise
	Heb nu alle kadotjes Nu nog een idee en uitwerking voor derest 	surprise
	Had the weirdest dream that I was engaged to Prince William and it was our engagement party Harry was making stupid jokes 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	That Quiet Lady in the 2nd segment of   	surprise
	Knutsel knip plak en klaar met de en dat zonder ducttape! Nu het  nog	surprise
	 if 5 different friends invite you to a party at your parents house don't go its a trap 	surprise
	Tonia coming into my house and scaring the shit out of me  	surprise
	Making cookies when my parents aren't home 	surprise
	best part of the day is opening the third floor quiet section door with and waiting there for me 	surprise
	Coming home a day early to my mom!! YAY	surprise
	About to leave bailey flowers on her step 	surprise
	some sort of Melbourne music week is happening 	surprise
	why the hell not and check your twitter once you wake up :P 	surprise
	Lol damn u got it like that? Lol RT T_Maire: Ugh if I get one more random dick-pick imma scream!	surprise
	Zoo gedichtje uitgeprint Nu surprise puntjes op de i  en klaar voor morgen :) 	surprise
	Awkward moment when the girl ghost who was suppose to kill you in your sleep for not sending that chain letter shows up 	surprise
	Amir had his first comment at Valiant today!!  	surprise
	Bout to visit Eric at work 	surprise
	When am I coming home? Idk it's up in the air!!!	surprise
	Random dog ran into my house? Her name was Sheela hahahahaha 	surprise
	up so earlymy family doesnt even know i came home or is home right now 	surprise
	A special thanks goes out to the best daughter ever for unpacking my suitcase for me at 430am 	surprise
	And now I'm just rollin' home into my lover's arms  	surprise
	bArab Quran tnyt beda dg bArab sehari2 Bacaan saya saja masih lebih bagus daripada si imam Arab tadi :) 	surprise
	ok voor iedereen ik post strax een foto maar hij is nog niet klaar dus ff wachten! 	surprise
	I asked the question about Loganand you'll learn the answer tomorrow! 	surprise
	yeah yeah we'll seecan't ruin Christmas 	surprise
	pop out  roll across the floor !	surprise
	Kinderen komen net thuis En ik ben er!!  Benieuwd of ze het leuk hebben gehad! 	surprise
	2011? You give me a lot of things that i can't FORGET ')  2012?? SURPRISE ME!!!! me:)!	surprise
	Turns out pancakes aren't the only thing good smothered in butter and maple syrup Acorn squash too! 	surprise
	Anyone surprised we've proof of yet another lie from dear leader Obama   Now we're told there was Ayers fundraiser 	surprise
	BLACK eyed Peas Concert!! 	surprise
	This is what happens when you sleep with someone they turn into a dick head shame really eh? Buffy  Angel 	surprise
	I've been pregnant you guys the entire time we've known eachother  	surprise
	Would love for someone to throw me a party for my bday lol I guess it wouldn't be called a surprise  then	surprise
	Its funny because I stopped caring weeks ago I just wanted to see how long it would take you to realize what we have is a joke 	surprise
	mijn voorziene plannen van morgen vallen net als die v vnv in het water maar keb nog een plan C ) 	surprise
	Home sweet home! 	surprise
	My mom just left my unwrapped Christmas present on the dinner room table 	surprise
	Damn I get in my car n I got a full tank!!! 	surprise
	Mobile Music DJ's headed to a secret location ) shhhhhhh 	surprise
	just replaced the water in my cup with vodka while i was in the  washroom  !	surprise
	78yo veteran father I said thoughts on him “Just tell her I said she's a fucking liar she is not to be  trusted” 	surprise
	Meluk oppa lee dink RT kalau seorang didepanmu apa yg kalian lakukan? Dijawab yahhh :)	surprise
	so rocking' FLOW3!! Yeah! :) Have fun! Btw: A friend of mine praised you a few months ago in Zurich at a workshop :)	surprise
	can't wait to have dinner! Ps we will actually be on time today :))	surprise
	Who knew muffin tops could be so delicious? 	surprise
	I'm surprised woke up this early to take me to school 	surprise
	Van Spanje tot down under staat een  klaar gelukkig zonder aldaar Van te voren alles op een rij dat maakt je toch 	surprise
	Surprise ny tu g penting lah RT QueeN_cHaRoTz: Iyaa siih selama pake provider si merah tiap hari dapet surprise -______- 	surprise
	My oldest son woke up early to make me tea   	surprise
	Hè hè net 80% klaar van morgen nog schilderen	surprise
	Aw that just made my night win	surprise
	 RT “jamiedorsch:  comes home from college and greets you In the shower ”	surprise
	Dropping off Starbucks at my best friends house 	surprise
	You never cared because you had her this whole time! I was just the side show again!  	surprise
	Happy birthday bart 	surprise
	In preparation for finals I used a new face washI was allergic now I have a rash all over 	surprise
	Also wondering who saw me making out with her at the bar last night I'm bi! Lol	surprise
	Sinterklaassurprise van de dag: Vitesse legt Jonathan Reis vast  	surprise
	Ohhhh dit wordt heel erg   heeeeeeeeeeel erg  	surprise
	Feeling slightly rough Pleased I didn't end up down Barra 	surprise
	they conveniently left the part out about the 5000 books  and electronic equipment that was thrown in the trash 	surprise
	Mfs talkin freaky already I guess we finna start sendin pics she in 4 a 	surprise
	24 States have Energy Efficiency policies Yes - TX AR NC VA MD No- GA TN MS LA FL SC KY 	surprise
	Hmm I don't hate Finn's voice in this last song 	surprise
	Note pour plus tard ne pas freiner trop fort quand la route est mouillée 	surprise
	Who said anything about Oxford? Who did you think that extra place setting is for? 	surprise
	everything's coming together !!! let the countdown begin 8 days left :)	surprise
	My aunt is coming from  for a visit during   What a nice that will be!!	surprise
	Simple Ideas For DIY Baby Surprise Containers 	surprise
	Sherry rehman appointed new ambassador to US 	surprise
	It's a good day when shows up at your door!!! 	surprise
	YAYYYY my brothers comin home tonight 	surprise
	good ill tell you why I don't want to show up next time I see you haha 	surprise
	I would neever lie to you He's not back yet But the forecast for next saturday calls for a little salt so who knows 	surprise
	Cant wait until the mail comes tomorrow knows	surprise
	While my man played video games I cleaned his whole house 	surprise
	Solo en la habitacion de GonVonG esperando a que me deje salir XD 	surprise
	“alisaatiree: Getting Bop's for the family ” where's mine??	surprise
	my cousin doesnt appreciate me licking the chocolate off her phone!?!?  	surprise
	when Matilda shoots the carrot into her brothers mouth 	surprise
	DUM MAARO DUM  Slick Scandalous Cool AND hardly embarrased of the fact that it aspires to be so	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Love when my mom comes in as a guest speaker 	surprise
	Pizza man suspending presadenticail& surprise  he fuckin sexual assultar	surprise
	Just found a cream egg hiding in my fridge 	surprise
	Its Friday! Gonna be an awesome day with !  	surprise
	I don't want to put the ornament on me tree I just want to put under my tree !! Yeahhbuddy lol	surprise
	we'll skip out on the whole telling alec part then when he walks down the hall and see you we can yell 	surprise
	Pasta is a vegetable right??!! Well at least according to the can of my veggie soup it is! 	surprise
	alweer thuis nu snel  enzo en dan opschieten en naar chiel toe 	surprise
	yeah eindelijk heb ik mijn writer's block / bedenkers block omzeilt :D  	surprise
	My friends are the best ! party 3 i love you all	surprise
	Guest co-hosting the Morning Show with this morning from 6 am to 10 am EST Tune in! 	surprise
	Today was actually a pretty alright day! Selling my DS and games tomorrow so I can buy his christmas present :) 	surprise
	Morgen weer de uitslag van de actie! Erg benieuwd! niet alleen naar de winnaar (hoop ik) maar ook wat de Surprise is!	surprise
	Not only do I love left overs from last week but I also love when they're half warm half cold its a fantastic 	surprise
	25- la journée de ski à  et une pour nos premiers  à 8h30 devant les caisses de Crans  	surprise
	ik vermoed dat die persoon net als ik nog moet beginnen klopt dat? 	surprise
	klaar nu nog een gedicht maar dat vind ik zo'n piece of koekie dat kan desnoods maandagmorgen nog :-))	surprise
	Eventjes Sinterklaas gedicht in elkaar zetten dan rest van cadeautjes in pakken 	surprise
	I'd plead not guilty if she's a fresher 	surprise
	Another player from the SEC wins the defensive player of year award   	surprise
	Can’t wait for a big surprise tomorrow!!! A wish is coming true at our building 	surprise
	I just feel like im pushing through a life that has no point right now Where's the excitement?  	surprise
	Santorum: Fighting AIDS in Africa is essential Humanitarian action is essential 2 national security Promote r values  	surprise
	So great meeting you! 60 kids kids  8 carers were blessed wi this day Tx for the  day  Tx 	surprise
	Have a dream your breath smells really bad wake up with cat throw up on your pillow 	surprise
	At first did not know where article was going but I found  The New Yorker have intriguing way of captivating readers	surprise
	school was pretty damn good today 	surprise
	I've made the living room into my library It'll be like Christmas morning of finals week when my roomies wake up 	surprise
	Non ce n'est pas une erreur vous avez perçu l'intéressment par rapport à l'activité de 2010 ! 	surprise
	are you practicing for your birthday flash mob? 	surprise
	mom's homemade mac n cheese ham and a coors light  and for dessertwell that's a 	surprise
	Can't wait for tomorrow! thank you sunshine  	surprise
	Thanks for the shout! You're in luck our Coral Gables location (Miami) is opening in a few days! DM me b4 u go in! 	surprise
	 asan na yung MO?wait nmin kahapon paheheheh  LANG	surprise
	I can't believe I'm in the library after a night like last night  	surprise
	is going to wear the mysterious shirt no 3 ) 	surprise
	Damnwell I guess it rained pretty hard last night too while being windy as hell	surprise
	Iemand nog leuke tips voor  cadeau item? Maximaal 20 euro	surprise
	Totally just forgot that I saw drake in the summer perform guest at the britney spears concert he was the best part of the show	surprise
	message me back i have a proposition for you! 	surprise
	Thought I saw the best of guys who need anger management 	surprise
	mental if it's ur first time dinnae sit near half way that's where the ultra's sit It's always  	surprise
	I thought it was a bottle of green Kool-Aid turns out it was PJ 	surprise
	Good thing I always dress appropriately I came to visit the baby and the WHOLE family was there 	surprise
	gedichtje en surprise af Wordt een mooie avond 	surprise
	Okey Het is nog steeds een wiite doos Hahahaha  nee dit is echt erg Pfff morgen moet ik 'm ECHT afmaken!! equals !	surprise
	hoe gaan de lijnen van een tennisveld? 	surprise
	first tweet at happy belated birthday my love!! 	surprise
	All my contacts using chat are now visible? even though I haven´t invited them to chat? 	surprise
	Travis and I are actually hanging out together watching football and hunting 	surprise
	good thing I'm on my way to your house! 	surprise
	Bout to send my bae a  message lol lol	surprise
	It's give a   a Hug Day if U can still find one The 70th  of the  Soon there'll be none	surprise
	I usually wear them when I'm at school because I like to sleep without pants on )	surprise
	I did once and my mom came in the room the next morning and ripped my sheets off to wake me up for school 	surprise
	Coming home two days earlier than I told my parents 	surprise
	That awkward moment when it seems like the Easton bus is rarely there for us -______- 	surprise
	is a legal adult good news for him good news for me 	surprise
	i have a confessionI AM EATING WITH YOU TODAY! 	surprise
	crying just might happen today with joy or grief 	surprise
	hahaha wow I feel so privileged to be such an  in your dream 	surprise
	I see  superdooper new track cleaner thingy doesn't work then 	surprise
	Sister said she was coming home tomorrow but I come home and she's home! best ever!	surprise
	The wife is taking me away this weekend! Looking forward to it 	surprise
	Just went into my moms closet for something and found all my Christmas presents  	surprise
	i thought you we're home bub! have fun in class they seem to be going  today	surprise
	Ibland e det bra att tappa mössan o gå tillbaka för att plocka upp den för då får man se vuxna människor i rymddräkter 	surprise
	i love walking in my house and having a 9 foot christmas tree standing where my favorite chair was 	surprise
	woohoo I got Ed Sheeran's album Motion In The Ocean a magazine with a 1D poster in it and a 'chocolate letter' :)  	surprise
	I say there pls remove thin glass object from derriere 	surprise
	Left a present in his new humidifier 	surprise
	Love unexpected phone calls! :) 	surprise
	Wat een werk gaat er toch altijd in een zitten Maar wel leuk om te maken en mee bezig te zijn!	surprise
	he hates surprises but it will a nice vibe tonight at dinner with family guests his father uncle and untie	surprise
	They're such drama queens Don't have to worry about shit They're just using it to bring attention to themselves 	surprise
	Facts from econhealth: chocolate helps longevity college grads drink more alc than anyone else and caffeine=most widely used drug 	surprise
	J'ai hâte que les gens ouvrent le frigo du réfectoire de la fac un ibis rouge empaillé ça doit faire peur tout de même ^^ 	surprise
	has ANYONE received their Dec birchbox??? the suspense is killing me! =) i already saw the sneak peek of the hot pink gloss! =) 	surprise
	apparently im getting my wisdom teeth out Friday? 	surprise
	oh yes of course! I hope your mom doesn't have a twitter sssssshhhh PS-tell Paul I say hiiii	surprise
	Wait Green bay isn't winning yet? 	surprise
	Een  als toffee? Twee x draien mey papier klaar! 	surprise
	dessiner les trous de ta raquette de badminton sur ta cuisse en educ et plus te souvenir que tavais fait ca sur ta cuisse le soir	surprise
	Bless you lady knows what angry birds is? 	surprise
	The music in Rick Perry's anti-gay anti-non-Christian ad was composed by Aaron Copland who was gay and Jewish 	surprise
	Making watch KKTNY tonight 	surprise
	Mes Yeux brillaient lorsque m'a Follow !  C'était 1 belle après la journée de merde que j'avais passée	surprise
	last night with the power of fb chat i sincerely told over 15 people happy birthday except it wasn't their birthday 	surprise
	So I had a girl tell me when I played music the other night it was hot and attractive  	surprise
	“chedda614: Movies tonite wit ma queen bgot big day tomorrow! hahaha” Have Fun! Lol	surprise
	Neva thought i would do this thin called relationship 	surprise
	I'm so sweet I spent 4 and a half hours cleaning  and doing all of my babys laundry He doesn't know !! Lol	surprise
	so the whore wants extra meat sparktography	surprise
	Pizza Hut just delivered my pizza 20 minutes early AND it is one of the top five best pizzas I've ever had from there  	surprise
	‘Tis the season and PLAYMOBIL is feeling especially festive this year! Be sure to tune in tomorrow for a BIG contest announcement! 	surprise
	you know people that say I want this under my X-mas tree  post a picture of a celebrity? Just get a cardboard cutout of them 	surprise
	Good start to my day  	surprise
	I will never ever register again as an undergraduate student at  ! OH MY GOODNESS !!!!! : ))))))))))))   !	surprise
	Ya un Orga il mdoii 200Balle maii il faii le maliin a pa Rep Kil continue heiiin 	surprise
	Rihanna  Chris Brown head to head againoh shit Rihanna   lol	surprise
	Lots of nice things today but meeting an old colleague in my new place of work was tops :)	surprise
	Im with you ArthurLouis was my gut choiceNiemi has nothing in his books about him  of 	surprise
	sur mon compte: c'est mon cadeau de noel! looooooooool laisse moi tout foutre sur mon compte épargne mouahahah	surprise
	i love it when people show up at my house 	surprise
	Schaatsabonnementen zijn nog maar een paar dagen verkrijgbaar voor 25 euro!! Wees er dus snel bij  	surprise
	My parents are the ones that make me late Not me 	surprise
	performance with a comedian dell Arte during the startup competition o) 	surprise
	just got my son beats by Dre Headphones for xmas he gonna be so shocked when he opens them up since he thinks he wont get them 	surprise
	My parents forgot to tell us about our family pictures being taken today  	surprise
	Oh my! Cant wait babe :) RT daeleebaby: Has an amazing night planned out for  	surprise
	Day not going as planned %LOVE DONT LIVE HERE%	surprise
	 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets 	surprise
	Woke up to a nice - onedirection's  automatically downloaded and ready to play on my phone :) Yaaay!	surprise
	Mr Gee is obviously my favorite teacher 	surprise
	1 day  35 hours  scratch that just 35 hours :) 	surprise
	A girl I sat next to in English class a year ago flipped a switch over night and became a cheerleader 	surprise
	 When I Let My Sister Borrow My Laptop Overnight  When She Drops It Off She Fails To Mention That She Broke It 	surprise
	Finished his puzzle moments before he walked in the door 	surprise
	Nieuwe tas en bakspullen gekregen voor sinterklaas maar ben toch t meest blij met just dance 3 	surprise
	Knippen en plakken met een mac is toch makkelijker dan met lijm en papier  	surprise
	Omg cnt wait till this up comming week ! 	surprise
	Wordt een uitdaging Moet met junior mooie surprise maken voor ajax-fan 	surprise
	I'm such a nice person  I usually never let my friends down  But when I do  I make it up to them   todays that day (: 	surprise
	Disecting a sheep brain in anatomy 	surprise
	I was asked Aren't you married and have a child? more than once last night The answer is no to both 	surprise
	love taking unexpected pictures of people 	surprise
	Had je deze uitslag verwacht gister? Wij waren thuis in shock! Wij dachten Sharon door Bart sing-off en naar huis  	surprise
	holy fucking shit my dad from afghanistan just showed up at my front door 	surprise
	 ! RT la_vitrine: C'est confirmé! Nous aurons toute une activité pour la  de MTLenLumiere! Détails à venir! 	surprise
	Dat was een aangename verrassing met een delegatie van Zalk en MBG gespeeld voor de  	surprise
	värmer en random matlåda ska bli mycket intressant att se va den innehåller 	surprise
	Our turkey still had the head and feet on it and my mom didn't know when she opened it Best thanksgiving morning 	surprise
	Guess who's back on twitter again??  Me :D 	surprise
	for once i want my hair to stay curly 	surprise
	96yo FIL loves candy Halloween leftovers are all but gone including the Pop Rocks Wonder how those went over!  	surprise
	 be on the lookout for a special announcement   	surprise
	Potentially getting flashed in Subway by an old woman with is a 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Haha de helft van nederland maakt nu een  ofzo rijmwoordenboek server overbelast xD 	surprise
	Cowboys  Aliens is actually a pretty good movie despite it's elementary title 	surprise
	Turned on the radio to find Christmas music playing 	surprise
	Muziekje op en knutselen maar! Blijf wel half online hoor zal alleen heel laat reageren! 	surprise
	vet mooie surprise! ha ha leuk! Happy Sinterklaas! 	surprise
	Out side of school Mrs Weaver is a cool person 	surprise
	Dat is leuk: gisteravond laat een Lead in mijn mailbox  :)	surprise
	Eenieder die vanmiddag/- avond Sinterklaas op bezoek krijgt wens ik een (ont)spannen(d) samenzijn toe! 	surprise
	en weer trug gister was gezellig en mtb ging vanochtend wel lekker vamiddag kaasfondue  	surprise
	I almost forgot my hair was red until I looked in the mirror 	surprise
	i love when people walk in my room and they see their christmas gifts 	surprise
	Thought i had hours left to sleep my alarm went off	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	20min on the erg as hard as you canopen SR meters will be recorded and ranked  	surprise
	Na de blackcrowes nu bruce RT FabianDijkstra: Zwarte Cross lijkt me heel erg onwaarschijnlijk om eerlijk te zijn	surprise
	Vanavond om 19u afspraak met  in het  van  En de Sint komt natuurlijk niet met lege handen! 	surprise
	Great night for phils 30th congrats mate!	surprise
	Bier? Check! Rode Wodka? Check! Mojito? Check! Jagermeister? Check! Oh ja en we hebben ook eten!  	surprise
	Ik heb nog wel wat stukjes uni geel en zwart liggen maar niet zo veel geloof ik Wat ben je van plan? 	surprise
	For everyone that was just a plain lanyard and keychain But for me that was his heart and all : 	surprise
	This it it Exotic shanty restaurant is full Full of flies 	surprise
	Dinner then heading up to traverse city for ryan nicks hockey game! (:  	surprise
	Aamir's whacky ways for 'I Hate You Like I Love you Love You Love You :P' its still my dialer-tone  	surprise
	Oh ouai comme j'adore ressortir un vieux pantalon qui conservait un vieux beau billet dans sa poche arrière 	surprise
	happy birthday Steve!! Wish you the best luck )) I ll send you soon my present! 	surprise
	Palmetto State rivalry game = 	surprise
	top!!! Trop heureuse d'avoir rencontré !!! Un super moment peux pas en dire plus  	surprise
	is gonna love me because I'm going to help her pass her precal test tomorrow :) 	surprise
	when the fam was washing all the dishes I went  dyed my hair 	surprise
	Non les 2 secondes où la nana se fait éjaculer dans un gobelet 	surprise
	happy anniversary from your dearest sister in law 	surprise
	I think I just found out who sent them! What a sweet gesture :) 	surprise
	Fun night at Chuck E Cheese's Great birthday thanks Love y'all :)	surprise
	Wow today went to shit faster than I thought it would 	surprise
	 has been the most relaxed week i have had in 11 and a half months! i know but it's a start! x   	surprise
	i love you tho  but jus k im nt mad 	surprise
	Yehh same but reality is unless ur protour it's hard to get di2 for a whole team Not sure wat we riding next year yet 	surprise
	Ok I just knocked on the door and when my mother opened the door I swear she woke up the whole neighborhood!! Can yu say 	surprise
	So sleepy and bored But tonight there will be tree decorating and chicken soup Also writing 	surprise
	Watchmann says the lives of babies are more important than providing social support for those babies  	surprise
	weather warning in north east 	surprise
	 is op dit moment trending (nog) niet als ik mijn TL zie kan dat niet lang meer duren ga zelf ook maar aan de slag	surprise
	and would be pleased to know a pie has been made 	surprise
	Surprising my sister in buffalo for her 21st birthday!! I love the  	surprise
	one of my favorite episodes this season just wait until the end 	surprise
	got this feeling now??? a happiness?? RT I Have A Chance	surprise
	UH do these chillens' parents not know their daughter is a tramp 	surprise
	amen amen amennn  guess what your missing out on?  	surprise
	Just died my hair blonde for black Friday 	surprise
	Went to Victoria's Secret today expecting to have $10 on my gift card but I had $50! lol	surprise
	Leuke om te geven lekker om te krijgen een bufkes cadeau-cheque ! 	surprise
	yeah you'll never see it coming though that is the best part of it all 	surprise
	The only reason I was looking forward to going to VA for thanksgiving was because there was an indoor pool its broken 	surprise
	Princess  RT AdventicesBonne: About to leave bailey flowers on her step 	surprise
	Tussen de creative bedrijven door even een blik werpen op  	surprise
	Ha she aint even really say nunshe was jus like i shud ring yo neckHa i was like do itbut Ha dats a no arguments 2nite	surprise
	 peek jaana teredad k passRT nikitajadhav: Any Great Ideas on what surprize can be given 2 Dad on his  ???	surprise
	waiting patiently under her bed till she gets back 	surprise
	Whooaa Whoa Wee Whoaa Using my iphone as a flashlight  a Palm Plant jumped outta nowhere I didn't see that coming 	surprise
	I love waking up and realizing we don't have 's whip! 	surprise
	Aight i'm goin to get some crab legs Thinkin bout makin this trip tho bitches !	surprise
	Can't wait for black Friday Buying myself birthday gifts 	surprise
	ik! Miss you too I know you liked seeing me while walking off the field :) 	surprise
	early travel game   now goin to patriots game 	surprise
	A la pause Créteil perd contre Villers-Outreaux (District) en Coupe de France (1-0)   	surprise
	Friday and Saturday - Oliver Peoples/Mosley Tribes/Paul Smith We've got everything in all 3 collections with special pricing! 	surprise
	Had a great surprise birthday party thanks to my family and girlfriend! 	surprise
	Pot Kettle Black Ha Think I Was following first  	surprise
	Just in a flash mob Check it off my   MereJ_192	surprise
	weet ik nog niet maar kweet al wel een cadeau en dat zijn disco-lights die wel vet zijn )	surprise
	En dan krijg je ff een cadeautje van een tweep 	surprise
	Get called from secondary school MrOngHK   	surprise
	Oh wow you see the mach fixing probe with Lyon Ajax were very hard done by and have gone out cos of a terrible ref 	surprise
	somy boss told me today that I am on vacation next week! I had no idea I had another week of vacation this year 	surprise
	yeah i think u deserve a reward for that	surprise
	Gisteravond had ik nog een briljant idee in me hoofd voor een Sinterklaas gedicht Alleen is me blaadje nu nog leeg 	surprise
	All in a sudden I found myself in a relationship with him  Without even letting me know 	surprise
	wel duidelijk van wie hij z'n creativiteit heeft echt een coole 	surprise
	Like the 15th time I've watch  and just found out that he shags that French bird 	surprise
	weird Vela scored today and it wasn't a chip 	surprise
	Thank you for turning my not-so-good-day into a super happy one!! I love you to the moon and back! 3 	surprise
	Ah et tu nous reserve quoi comme 3000e tweet? 	surprise
	Oh chocolate wrapper on my deskyou were hiding the last piece of chocolate Saving it for the moment i needed it 	surprise
	Going to visit my daddy at work since it's his birthday !	surprise
	There's a special place in hell for people who pee on the toilet seat in a badly lit public bathroom 	surprise
	albertorientalstaelviruskompasuper_ymbernpierrejonathandenardmedam Nan ki abiye pi anfom Nan AP Gen yon 	surprise
	Tonight I need to work on iPhoto books for the kids They think we aren't giving them anything under the tree 	surprise
	 aggie is cracking jokes I class 	surprise
	Je viens de recevoir 6 bouteilles de champagne par la poste sans mot sans expéditeur Merci mais C'EST QUI ???!!!!!!! 	surprise
	Yep definitely easier to deal with Also shipping box unmarked 	surprise
	My boo on The View! Love you 	surprise
	Aah echt lief een blackberry gehad van lieverdje toboajax ♥ 	surprise
	how am going to give u a surprise if you always tell me to get u a surprise -_- 	surprise
	Wearing shorts and a t-shirt in November didn't seem like a horrible idea Then the rain started  	surprise
	guess who's actually coming to class today! Meee haha	surprise
	like a magician she jus vanishes maybe i shunt have told roofy on fb who the new one was haha	surprise
	You told me was wrong when she said you fuck everyone over You lied 	surprise
	Tomorrow? BSC Flowers Cousin's place Necklace Card Message Plan 	surprise
	lmfao RT You thought you had a friend w/ benefits but really you've been in a committed relationship for 2 months 	surprise
	oke ik ben al op de helft van wat ik vandaag moest doen nu maar door werken 	surprise
	My sister is home! YAY VISIT	surprise
	Beyond mortifie  Why did I think I could make it from my bathroom to my bedroom naked after the shower!? Hiya brothers mates 	surprise
	Love when my littles come running in my apt in the middle of the night  	surprise
	Had a fantastic night at Ithaca College 	surprise
	Ready for paranoia? Satan: associated w/color red would love to distract you away from Jesus on Christmas Now move the N: SaNta 	surprise
	Swaggggiiinnnn it at out wit tha boohe aint even know I had rhythm like dat 	surprise
	Cuando la casa es sola mia la arreglo La arreglo para que mas tarde poder  Jajajajajaja 	surprise
	Think I'm going to get her a shirt made with my name  bball number on it! 	surprise
	Decorating the entire house with christmas cheer for my mommy 	surprise
	De toptweet van dit moment gaat over Xmas terwijl Sinterklaas de volgende weekenden al mijn aandacht gaat vragen 	surprise
	Hooray! RT RachB_Official: Kay  You just tweeted my FAVORITE line from Uprising! :D !!!	surprise
	Just bought my boyfriend a Superman hoodie jacket online It's been awhile since I've gotten him something Not telling him tho (:	surprise
	Na bijna 2 uur bouwen met dochter nu samen chillen op de bank we kijken Spykids leuke film! En een bak strooigoed tussen in -)	surprise
	ha just watched it this morning Decent fight but defo deserved to lose Now he's making shit excuses 	surprise
	there's an excessive amount of douche bags on my plane  	surprise
	Nightmare before Christmas with :) so happy	surprise
	Als ik nou ga douchen ben ik om 12 uur klaar en dan heb ik nog een uur om een gedicht te maken 	surprise
	NOOOO you didn't Miss :) Yeyyyy!!!! Def a Oooo let me know the dates Jet-lag naps here we come lol :D	surprise
	maarja heb dus net met esther ff in grave bij noor sport dingen voor papa gekocht 	surprise
	big move Antwan randle el is our converted qb of the new franchise 	surprise
	Sterke koffie en de onschuldig / melancholieke jaren '60 sound van de  houden me op de been tijdens het bouwen 	surprise
	someone went to record JS's parts and mix it with mine w/o telling me b4hand hahahaha it's pretty neat^^ 	surprise
	I CAN BE YOUR BIRTHDAY PRESENT WHEN I FINALLY GET HOME!!!!!!!! hahaha 	surprise
	too bad ill be stealing you and zane for the break cause i miss you so much 	surprise
	we just finished and he did real good! 	surprise
	Gonna be late for work again lol surprise	surprise
	If you really want to startle your barber teach yourself how to completely undress underneath those cloaks during a haircut 	surprise
	no its not for u uve got the peanut butter one and thanks for letting the world know what ive got my sister! 	surprise
	so bored with lifeI need some kind of or something exciting soon before I go insane!!	surprise
	got a friend request on facebook from my ex this morning 	surprise
	Just got  by my galfrend coz i ddnt invite her to my party! How dope!	surprise
	Iedereen een fijne  of  nog niet af ik help je uit de brand	surprise
	Another evening another cup of coffee 	surprise
	lmfao um BYE no party for you	surprise
	Dad is hunting deer in your yard tomorrow walshmycar	surprise
	Hey this is a campaign speech 	surprise
	Lekkere pasta maaltijd op even opfrissen en dan is het heerlijk avondje gekomen  bij schoonzus zwager  kids 	surprise
	I have homeworkhaven't done it Massive :') xoxox	surprise
	Thank you for on redeye LAX-IAD  Airlines Seat covered in  Just put a blanket over it couldn't bother to replace?	surprise
	im coming home but not telling anyone when 	surprise
	Watch for  in your inbox  morning  Big  in store!	surprise
	It never crossed my mind that where will be a time 4 us to say goodbye what a BIG 	surprise
	I love that color yellow on you :)  where too RT iMsofuqiNawesuM: Movie tonight wit N dinner guess where 	surprise
	Tijd voor een surprise ontbijt! kom je ook nog?  	surprise
	haha nope you'll see tommorow but i'm not wearing the trousers because there rubbish so i've gone for jeans!	surprise
	mockery  child banter isn't an effective way to present yourself in a serious issueoh you changed the subject! 	surprise
	my dad actually wants to keep us warm this winter?!?!?! 	surprise
	Open my emails first One gives you work one takes work off your plate 	surprise
	Finally got to see my beautiful sister! 	surprise
	Zo alle kadootjes voor Sinterklaas zijn gekochtnu nog inpakken en surprise maken  	surprise
	Bitches screaming at a bus stop blame this driver for making them miss bus they're at the wrong stop Yes deyz black 	surprise
	Glad I knew my dog was preggers new puppy to play with!	surprise
	That awkward moment when you borrow your brother's jacket and in the pocket you find a box of 3 condoms with only 2 left 	surprise
	Have you ever started watching a moviethinking its the funny version of an actual scary movieto find out it's the actual movie	surprise
	who knows what tomorrow night will bring!! 	surprise
	would it kill you to make me happy for once?!  	surprise
	I actually might make it to the gym today Whether I go inside is debatable 	surprise
	That akward moment when you think someone's facebook status or tweet is about youbut it's not 	surprise
	Iedereen een fijn Sinterklaas weekend!!    EN  letter	surprise
	i'm going to show up to grad in a bear suit 	surprise
	All I want for Christmas are tattoos and music gear 	surprise
	kiss sur joue mais elle l'embrasse sur la bouche Entre son amour pr Kelly  Betty il est en train de tourner hetero LOL	surprise
	Zo naar school gelukkig vroeg vrij! Wel een hele drukke middag   	surprise
	ooh having great ideas when you're emotionally overwhelmed :  	surprise
	Van Spanje tot down under staat een  klaar gelukkig zonder aldaar Van te voren alles op een rij dat maakt je toch 	surprise
	Net nog ff een vette remix gemaakt voor Drama stukje met JWZ 	surprise
	when papers are due wayyyy sooner than expected  	surprise
	kalindak kalemalah pas cin jo dinal ka rumah secara tiba2 eh inyo bana2 matonyo berbinar2 caliak kami ba2	surprise
	Bout to start getting ready I have no clue where Im going :D But its somewhere outside n its a beautiful day	surprise
	Going to bed!  going to Coronado tomorrow! (: I miss that place ❤	surprise
	So I am flying home right now and my mom has nooo idea! 	surprise
	Kuya: anong gift mo sa kanya?& wallet with pic of me and him& Magugulat un! XD wahaha 	surprise
	Can't wait till my mom comes home and sees where my dad and I cleaned and got rid of a bunch of stuff 	surprise
	AWWWW your speech was amazing GO and makes us PROUD! 	surprise
	I got my baby sister rihanna's perfume 2day she's gna be so happy with my purchase! ♥	surprise
	It will the avid deep  listener Connecting those unaware of its   U'll Like them	surprise
	found a note in my car! :)	surprise
	Wah nowadays bugis street no more ah liana/bengs alr?!?! 	surprise
	plan gewijzigd mn zus heeft van de buitenkant een huis gemaakt  I loveyouu3	surprise
	Ah ik heb echt geeen zin om nu een gedicht te schrijven 	surprise
	Spending time with my daddy He knows how to make my day a little brighter  	surprise
	Since Christmas is coming up soon I think my girlfriend is gonna be in for a treat ) 	surprise
	actually sleeping in my bed instead of the couch 	surprise
	:P haha don't be mad huney ) I'm gonna draw today again right? :) :))	surprise
	 you are put on the spot and have to give a speech at your grandmas 80th birthday party 	surprise
	Don't be surprised if  gets sidetracked at mile 20 by chocolate cake 	surprise
	would you like a huge cake with Harry inside for your birthday 	surprise
	I love when I forget there's an exam   	surprise
	It sucks for us Marist kids taking exams tomorrow It's not like we do this every year! 	surprise
	Car was just k9 searched What the hell? Didn't find anything! 	surprise
	aww one of my mom's old special ed students from like 6 years ago came and visited her!! soo cute! that just made her day :)	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	I'm doing my usual bit of stalking Road works just woke me up and its quite sunny in bodmin whatsapp me please babe	surprise
	goodnight Greyson I hope you have very sweet dreams(: I can't wait for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥	surprise
	Mum put hot bottle in my bed  	surprise
	Are your software developers in the middle of a call center? They might start to hate their jobs 	surprise
	so apparently a 20 piece meal comes with 2 fries and 2 drinks now 	surprise
	Rdv à tous au centre commercial& a  cet après midi dans la joie et la bonne humeur ! Une vous attendra	surprise
	Mon chef de filière m'envoie un mail pour me féliciter ! 	surprise
	Rubbing hand sanitizer on your hands when you have hidden cut 	surprise
	Pff zal dit nog ooit een sterk pumt van me worden?  	surprise
	Can't wait to wake up in the morning and see what saint nick brought me :) 	surprise
	Soooo glad that my first day back from break we're learning about penises 	surprise
	ja hoe is het met je? en heel veel beterschap lief ik wil je maandag wel bij sinterklaasfeest hebben he?!  	surprise
	Het idee is weer beter dan het product Wel creatief maar gedicht moet de technische uitvoering compenseren Kom er altijd mee weg 	surprise
	writing an essay on how rawlins is gay for john grady mr brennans in for a 	surprise
	Omw to go sneak in the bed with my ol lady cause she didn't think I was gone make time for her 	surprise
	Nog even op me gitaartjes spelen en zo en hoop fam hier 	surprise
	Waarom kunnen een printer en ik nooit samen door een deur? Minder leuk avondje dan gepland maar wel klaar voor morgen 	surprise
	Someone's in the empty room across the hall and I open the door and it's MY BROTHER! He's back from college for Thanksgiving 	surprise
	Survived the dinner with the landlady Actually turned into a political discussion  	surprise
	as of now i am not feeling bad about benching Wes Welker for this game  	surprise
	I'll post a picture when it's finished No one knows yet 	surprise
	OMG Wallace hit a pass on a sideline!! He has touch and accuracy after all 	surprise
	I WANT A NIGGA FOR XMAS WRAPED IN A GIFT BAG 	surprise
	The semi final draw is up next 	surprise
	nu 'moet' HET wel een aardappel worden& een uit de kluiten gewassen stoofpeer?& ontstaan :D	surprise
	I LOVE YOU   I am so excited for the friday  U DEFENITELY know how to amaze me surely luv you girls ♥	surprise
	Ben een aan het maken denk ik leuk  Maar zal hem eerst maar even testen  Potjandoosjes wat een knal  Dit kan niet zo 	surprise
	just got a 52 out of 50 on a quizdidnt even know there was extra credit  	surprise
	So proud of all the productivity me and accomplished this weekend! It was unexpected! 	surprise
	I AM YELLING BECAUSE IT IS IN FACT 'S 21ST-FINALLY-BIRTHDAY [even though he's been bar-legal since 3 months]  	surprise
	Surprisingly the Call Agent on  gave me a refund on my interest charge on my  cc very quickly! 	surprise
	Ludiek cadeautje voor weinig euro's gevonden en opgehaald! Gedicht van 4 kantjes is nog niet klaar maar begint vorm te krijgen 	surprise
	ahh damnit  - first thing you've not told me :( so excited for the though!!	surprise
	Mid wants to go Christmas shopping with me! Holy sh*t! Must take advantage of this opportunity  	surprise
	C'est maintenant confirmé! Nous aurons toute une activité pour la Nuit Blanche de MTLenLumiere! Détails à venir! 	surprise
	My mom secretly had a hotel room booked for New Orleans 2 blocks from the Superdome this whole time 	surprise
	in case anyone from NK was wondering is still a psycho 	surprise
	ben al best ver met de van thuis maar voor school S	surprise
	This dude on this show is problem like What did I just walk into :D	surprise
	well I'm sure Saturday morning will make up for it :D (also you last tweet best not be about me!) Haa	surprise
	im telling you we need to randomly show up at someones house and be like we decided to come over	surprise
	I don't think I have a type anymore Apart from white 	surprise
	Feel worse than I did before and I cant get back to sleep 	surprise
	Freezing rain in Prince Edward County 	surprise
	Iemand nog surprise idee voor een vrouw? 	surprise
	Like a celebrity death watch I say  48 hours til Rural Meyer and  jointly announce his HC hiring 	surprise
	Tht moment when someone messages you who you normally don't talk to 	surprise
	Putting up a tree and decorating Tucker55's house with  can't wait to see marias face when she comes home 	surprise
	Found the mosquito in the shower  	surprise
	Come back on y'all next year 2thick lol y'all thought I couldn't get no better 	surprise
	Mum just texting me saying me  dad have a surprise for you when your home Im hoping its not surprise we have no roof  	surprise
	 properly going somewhere adventurous or watching  one of the too! I love a haha!	surprise
	 is in het land en de  komt er weer aan! Geen idee wat je als moet maken? Geen stress hier komen allerlei 	surprise
	guess im moving to a new house sometime soon	surprise
	Ah :s  Dommage alors !  Ben j'te dis la par écrit ?	surprise
	thank god she's retiring because she does not give a fuck  	surprise
	I was expecting to come home and go to sleep Not get and ipod come home and sleep 	surprise
	tout à l'heure tu aura une twitpic live de carrefour! 	surprise
	heb niet genoeg papier voor mijn balen :P en dan zijn de kados nog te groot	surprise
	schat jou ketting licht nog hier mag ik die straks om ?	surprise
	Nothing better than coming home to flowers and dinner from the boybest 	surprise
	Surprising my boyfriend this weekend  with a trip to Stan hywet hall :) 	surprise
	check please your mailbox  would you please give a message back to and ??? THANKS :)	surprise
	Breaking dawn was actually so good 	surprise
	well theres no hoodrats over here lol but I like it alot over here ^_^ got my first snow day today!	surprise
	headphones officially broken guess that means the roommates are going to be subjected to my music and netflix -  	surprise
	After watching the new 'The Thing' I can't get the original's music out of my head Lubbly! (new film ok not as good as original) 	surprise
	Hele avond druk bezig geweest Ben slimmer geworden in het oplossen van knutselproblemen Ik zuig nog steeds hard in knutselen 	surprise
	Want to let your parents know that your gay? Tell them at Xmas dinner 	surprise
	Came out of my room and Aaron came in and was laying on our couch watching tv waiting for somebody to come into the living room 	surprise
	my mom just made me carry in a 50 inch tv with my eyes closed because it was my christmas present 	surprise
	Surprising twitter less Brooke and Sarah for their birthdays  them 	surprise
	This sweet lady at the market complimented me on my outfit and said you're so cute you probably have a g/f  	surprise
	Anti-abortionist on Today choosing to ignore solid evidence that undermines his case 	surprise
	yes please enjoy Thanksgiving  black friday	surprise
	wrote a 7 page paper in one sitting AND its good 	surprise
	would HAVE!! RT Nearly picked up the pot of chili to put on my toast instead of jam That would of been a nice 	surprise
	DEAR TWITTER: I am in fact A GIRL :D  	surprise
	I can't wait til my dad comes home and sees the speakers in my basement lmao 	surprise
	love how when they told me to stand up to sing happy birthday at kabutos I forgot I had undone my pants after i was done eating 	surprise
	Never woulda guessed this is how today was gunna go The way my morning went i thought i was fucked& a lovely 	surprise
	For all the hard work everyone at Betsson Tech just got iPaded! Everyone here has smiles like kids at Christmas today Thanks! 	surprise
	waarom lukt het me nooit om in een keer een leuk gedicht te maken xD 	surprise
	waarom kan ik op google niet eens een plaatje van een rood kruisje van een computer (rechtsboven) vinden?! O_o nodig voor !	surprise
	told me to tweet her cuz shes gross and has a total of zero friendslol 	surprise
	Wait The mall is open until 10pm tonight?! 	surprise
	Union salad with too much dressing 	surprise
	don't worry there for the Christmas party Along with some other treats I'm making 	surprise
	Just threw a surprise graduation at the theatre He thought he was in trouble Ha! 	surprise
	Je préssens la happy end  	surprise
	lol these bitches I swear on purpose baby rape men n wake up one day I'm givin birth to ur baby lol	surprise
	Nearly picked up the pot of chili to put on my toast instead of jam That would of been a nice 	surprise
	sooo i found out my mom was seen alive two weeks ago	surprise
	I didn't even know it was suppose to snow today 	surprise
	professor just told us this was the last class of the semester 	surprise
	hell 2 the yes! Gonna be crazyyy! No telling what will actually happen tho :) this day needs to go by faster!!! ugh	surprise
	It was fun making the gifts but I'm wondering what's in store for me? 	surprise
	haha sabaw na nga Pero masarap pa den teh eto yung sinsabi ko last time hehe 	surprise
	And my parents think I won't be until wednesday morning 	surprise
	Grocery shopping and this car in the parking lot is literally up in flames 	surprise
	20 hari jelang bursa transfer Januari saya yakin Comolli sudah punya nama2 yg siap didatangkan ke LFC  belum diketahui media 	surprise
	En serio? Tu estas jodiendo? RT SanMelquiades: Me llegó un cheque de estimulo federal este año tambien hay? 	surprise
	Mais n'importe quoi Tu vas les atteindre tes 25ans je veux pas payer des frais d'envoi pour rien! :)	surprise
	due today Also the rent 	surprise
	so apparently i have a 15 page research paper due wednesday at noon !	surprise
	ill wrap myself  up and put you under the christmas tree 	surprise
	School is making me wanna punch babies!!! :(      	surprise
	So excited to preform my Movement project tomorrow Get ready Its going to be insane 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	I am a firm believer in great things happening when you least expect it 	surprise
	Suddenly came up with a crazy but exciting plan Can't wait!  	surprise
	multiple guys in my building have let me out of the elevator first when they were obviously closer  	surprise
	Taken my mom and my gurl to a fine dinning restaurant next week 	surprise
	“ITSDEWI_x: xSoccerLover_: Is tinkyblauw of paars??- blauw- okay nice dan doe ik het goed! x- HAHA wat doejij”- ik maak een 	surprise
	so excited you have no idea party? 	surprise
	Just put on a pair of jeans that were too small at the beginning of school and now they fit 	surprise
	maybe you missed one letter while you were typing It's grey not  :)	surprise
	Just added a in my mom's birthday cake I made!!!! It's gonna be soooo yummy :)	surprise
	Mi padre con : Virtual Diva - Don Omar en el movilsi es que hay cosas que mejor no saber!! 	surprise
	Boston tomorrow for Monster Jam! Add more artists and 	surprise
	Just heard Pat Hill is out as FresnoSt HC 	surprise
	I know ! But wait til you see what I did in my boredom this afternoon! Such an awesome 3	surprise
	just a mass of gross smelly white folks	surprise
	really thirsty so i went in the fridge and grabbed an already open water bottle and took a big drink it was vodka 	surprise
	Oké ik wacht wel tot mama thuis is 	surprise
	Heeeeyyyyy MyWonton those incredibly melancholic/random tweets were for a screen shot for a business presentation 	surprise
	It's a Thanksgiving miracle! Big bro made a trip up for the holiday ! :)	surprise
	Got to work and didnt have to work trip to see Darrell!!!!!!	surprise
	Hooray the strike is over Oh wait today is the last day of class 	surprise
	How do I know who to delete off my facebook? look for everyone who did a dear status theyre all five years younger than me? 	surprise
	Your Dad For Fathers Day - Locate Lost Family Using a People Finder Search   41733 Myartsubmit	surprise
	Out with the mom dinner then off to c a broadway showshhhhhh the show is a ♥Happy Bday again mommy	surprise
	Sanne en kids van mijn vriendin naar school brengen Echt creatief geweest laatste dagen Zij nu sinterklaasfeest vieren op school 	surprise
	I know you like your Starbucks You got to find a student who works there I just got a free latte! 	surprise
	Het ministerie van Financiën was verrast toen oktober 2009 bleek dat  een  in  was Als je  is alles een 	surprise
	So many movies on today! I chose the Star Wars marathon  	surprise
	Hi there! Great 2 hear from U!  R here  I'm  as well I have a for U  all my friends stay tuned xoxo	surprise
	that awkward moment when your parents didn't know ab your belly ring and your weird family lifts up your shirt at a xmas party 	surprise
	Just found out that the blanket I've been using all morning is actually a snuggie!! 	surprise
	We bring our Christmas tree home (live) and the dog starts peein on it 	surprise
	watching Immortal song  YAAA!!! why do you like this make me so  n  at the same time	surprise
	The answer to the United States financial crisis  marijuana 	surprise
	So the waking up early to do homework thing didn't work out 	surprise
	Last minute maken en ben op dreef	surprise
	Aweee Have A Safe Flight Back  Have Funn Fool RT ib_JETS: So I am flying home right now and my mom has nooo idea! \355\240\275\355\270\201	surprise
	So So mad at you for bringing your girlfriend a  I hate you guys :( but not really	surprise
	Letters are the best things for feeling better 	surprise
	Life is fucking unpredictable 	surprise
	The amount of people who misspell on twitter/fb is astounding Especially since almost every site has a spell-checker these days 	surprise
	Am I really wearing athletic pants to school? 	surprise
	PRONTO Repitoo Muy PRONTO Os Voy a Sorprender Con algo :D shhhh :D	surprise
	Architecturele Taken zitten erop Bouwmaterialen zijn gekocht nu in de loop van de week het Framework in elkaar zetten =)! 	surprise
	Ain't been irritated or aggravated today dats a big ass 	surprise
	Psychiatry update: crazy people are crazy  	surprise
	met pim emile paul en wachten op tom	surprise
	Treino ontem muito proveitoso só base e outro estilo de dança que to aplicando dentro do free step ^^  	surprise
	okdus de gouden verf van de action is stiekem zilvergoed om te weten maar vertel het voortaan van tevoren  	surprise
	SUCCESS! last night was amazing even though it wasn't a oh well :) LOVEYOU saragiles27	surprise
	at lukes basketball gamemaybe getting our ears pierced laterwho knows what this day could hold 	surprise
	On my way to Louisville for my grandmas surprise birthday party! 	surprise
	Wow My dad's still awake!! (:	surprise
	I've got a feeling that very shortly we'll be making a special announcement for a very lucky person ! 	surprise
	is crying to the movie 8 Secondsabout a cowboy	surprise
	Omg my boyfriend actually surprised me at work today Awww 	surprise
	i have these letters in my room for stickers and i look down and there's an S-E-X and i immediately thought of 	surprise
	That awkward moment when planned tests turn into pop quizzes 	surprise
	mama gaat even naar action om inpakpappier te halen voor mij  	surprise
	On an All American Rejects grind 	surprise
	I hope people who go to Columbus and are actually very religious plan on going to a catholic college too cause you in for a 	surprise
	That Nike bag that wouldn't close at schoolwell 	surprise
	Ight I'm home time to make my entrance 	surprise
	Out of a 5 he school day I had 2 lessons and spent 3 hours in the library ! *Nerd* ahaha 	surprise
	Nee geen zin in school' gwn tot 4uur dat is toch niet normaal	surprise
	Started off the day with my boyfriends 90 lb yellow lab expressing too much love by jumping on me and crushing my legs 	surprise
	I'm sure you will expand Ur family in due time  Look at me didn't even kno I could have any more kids 	surprise
	Zaterdag heb ik hem al verrast met een feestjede adrenaline is nu pas uit mijn lijf! -)	surprise
	those of you who have been holding your breath will be happy (?) to know: found one + it's not a celine 	surprise
	Yay car charger works now I can watch Netflix for the next 5 hours 	surprise
	When you have friends on here that you don't even know and you see a pic of them for the first time Like woah 	surprise
	Finally made a shirt after always telling him I would 	surprise
	Until you got right up on them Pyramids of Giza were invisible UC Sun Beacons  other spectacular effects night  day -Gerber 	surprise
	Mrs Rathburn says i never surprise her and now  she regrets saying that  	surprise
	I can't wait to see the look on all of my family's faces when I walk in the door 	surprise
	Everyone who likes music follow my homie were planning some big stuff for after the holidays! Keep your ears open! 	surprise
	Me pa heeft mij en ik me pa gaan gewoon ruilen 	surprise
	Good Morning  What Do You Have In Store For Me Today?!?! 	surprise
	Still stuffed from last night AND my chicken was so fuckin good  	surprise
	j'ai découvert que les gros bolos de ma classe super geeks et coincés ne buvaient pas d'alcool 	surprise
	Ben nu een heel fucking woordenboek aan het uithollen wtf hahah 	surprise
	Bad day? You'll be happy to know your cards are nearly finished Simple and fun - and all metal type  	surprise
	thinking of putting my Christmas icon today 	surprise
	So i get home and my aunt from canada is randomly sitting in my house 	surprise
	Nose como puedo decirle a una persona oh God iloveyou y al otro dia decirle Killyourself fucking biatch 	surprise
	He told me no koi because I late to find him although I requested for koi but ite he still got it for me :) Ilovehim  ♥	surprise
	wij hebben hier net een levensgrote grote Patrick geknutseld Pot knalroze verf weggewerkt 	surprise
	Things that have changed since I've been gone - my German Shepard named Dude now loves to jump onto my bed 	surprise
	En dan hoor ik ineens dat mijn papa over 2 daagjes naar Parijs komt! 	surprise
	it's kill or be killed this week on  edition	surprise
	My sister came home for Thanksgiving! :)	surprise
	 if the ugly chick gets her hair done  stops dressing bummy she might be bad 	surprise
	maka-urgent naman tong client oh DECEMBER 1?! 	surprise
	we should request to room with her and just forge signature  	surprise
	Good start to the night lets keep it up 	surprise
	I think I actually might go to this That's one thing I don't hate about her 	surprise
	Haha of course I come home to a different house leave it to my parents to redo the entire downstairs without warning 	surprise
	In Pennsylvania staying in the Yough Treehouse? My Dad actually snagged a quality cabin 	surprise
	The look on people's face when they come 2 place of employment  discover I'm not white like my voice sounds     	surprise
	So I told my teachers I would be& school on Thursday Turns out my appointment has now been moved to a different date 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Holy crap It's still mathematically possible for me to make an A in my Primate Behavior class  	surprise
	Question: has anyone ever seriously thought that Anna Wintour reads market research?  	surprise
	 my when I find out  dat som1 I trusted plunged a knife nmy backNow imagine dis sam person thinkin I owe them 	surprise
	surprise steak? Is it a chicken pretending to be a steak? 	surprise
	That Nigga Use 2 Send Me Ah Picture Of His Dick Everyday 	surprise
	Currently ordering the best christmas presents ever hahaa 	surprise
	Oh the things that catch me off guard 	surprise
	Gisteren ontzettend leuke surprise party gehad jarige job was helemaal blij! 	surprise
	The moment I said if u have prob in giving me leavesI shall resign right now expression of their face was just priceless LOL 	surprise
	Hope you guys enjoyed seeing my face smashed against the bus window staring at you guys 	surprise
	Don't you just hate when a sentence doesn't end the way you think it octopus 	surprise
	Hey man have you seen the new normlorgnz forum has gone thank god  I actually got more abuse than you bud!! 	surprise
	zo aanfietsen naar  gelukkig maar les tot kwart over 12 en daarna&  tot ong half6 en vanavond thuis!	surprise
	haha :) don't get to excited Ok I'll see u tomorrow some time :) xx	surprise
	Couldn't ask for a better ) lolol Give me a warning next time	surprise
	Has they day off work :) spending it wrapping Christmas presents you're gonna love yours 	surprise
	Sometimes when I look in the mirror I forget that I'm bald 	surprise
	Just got my first Hey I'm a student Can I interview you? email I feel so successful 	surprise
	another night ending in tears? 	surprise
	I can say that at the end I actually liked breaking dawn 	surprise
	Lol of course I will drive you R T johnhath: coo I'll head over Ur driving btw 	surprise
	Never knew HARVARD college Basketball would be Ranked in top 25 big 	surprise
	My mom put my flanel sheets on my bed!    :)	surprise
	Knutsel middag gehad en dan is je nog niet klaar	surprise
	Lol I actually danced with a white guy last night 	surprise
	Listening to music and decorating the tree 	surprise
	went out shopping for gina's birthday things loool 	surprise
	Y?For a 5a1 turn to successful man talk ?RT lek_ping: Get called from secondary school MrOngHK   	surprise
	great live performance by katy perry 	surprise
	Despite a few exggerations there was something very smooth about it-black humour and crazy sub-plots MY FRIEND PINTO  	surprise
	It helps that I'm rarely home! Plus the people downstairs have been blasting theirs  	surprise
	The awkward moment when you're on a date and you look down and realize your pants aren't zipped 	surprise
	My sister just rolled up in a brand new Infiniti lol 	surprise
	Niet fit en kei moe maar ik zal toch naar stage moeten 	surprise
	asked tam if he was up for a tom cruise says he's no allowed 	surprise
	The joy when you find a tenner in your wallet That's another 4 pints for me 	surprise
	อิกระเทยยยย ผู้หญิง เขาจะเผามึงก็ยอมตายไปสิ ยังยิงปืนใน 5555  อินกับ MV - TROUBLE MAKER shot ??	surprise
	Ty! RT m1yamazaki: Happy Birthday!! RT imCELINA: Haha! So my 2 little cousin didn't know we are celebrating their birthday today!	surprise
	PhatbaySAeMallume Vusi Khulekhani Manana wen will u start planing 4 my Birthday Party?? Lmfao	surprise
	Ben al een uur bezig en heb nog nie een de helft genaaid !! 	surprise
	Meeting with groups of Sydney teenagers this afternoon who get a special  preview and are road-testing for 2012 )  	surprise
	why is my paper not finished? oh that's right my ass is stuck on twitter 	surprise
	only got chocolate ice cream 	surprise
	Mdr les zenagui sur twitter  haaahaaa je m'y attendais pas  hooww même  	surprise
	Canadian Magic show in Atlantic station 	surprise
	Always nice to see people complain about quality internet services that work over 10 years That's exactly what your paying for 	surprise
	zometeen druk een en  maken en dan vanavond  vieren wat een ! haha	surprise
	do u know hσω funny it is as I check my time line n the word Penis is there? 	surprise
	Happy Birthday!! RT imCELINA: Haha! So my 2 little cousin didn't know we are celebrating their birthday today! 	surprise
	I hope the rest of MLS is as dismissive of Morrow and Beita as ETR were 	surprise
	Surprise Family! I'm home! 	surprise
	Took Leah to a play group Guess who's still sleeping? frustrated beyond belief He leaves for wrk in TWO hrs GET UP  B W/ L!!	surprise
	Stay here coz i will be sharing v awesome stuff till 2 or u can come back by 2 lol  it will make ur weekend just perfect 	surprise
	Tony just said the Super Bowl is better than the rockettes in the Macy's day parade  	surprise
	Surprising kids with trip to Great Wolf Lodge tomorrow Can't wait to see their faces someone you love tomorrow too!	surprise
	Back to work Very excited to be taking away tomorrow for his buffday! 	surprise
	Haha was wel leuke dag op school ♥	surprise
	when your free today check in my locker 	surprise
	Volgend jaar iets grappigs maken van een luciferdoosje of een kuipje boter 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	I only started listening to prince this afternoon but as a new fan its been a pretty great day 	surprise
	“rofldrg: Logged in and did some voidwatch today Got a pile of NPC fodder ” Ha! So true _	surprise
	I have 15 pages of papers to type over break 	surprise
	Logan to Newark Haven't flown in forever  	surprise
	Lian heeft zo  met de dames en ik blijf thuis om samen met de mannen film te kijken en biertjes te drinken	surprise
	was just informed that Jay-Z is 42 years old totally makes him 1000 times sexier 	surprise
	omg he told me the same thing thats why im coming 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Sometimes you trick yourself into believing things will change 	surprise
	Just put a tattoo on my butt 	surprise
	 u just show up without me knowing u r coming! 	surprise
	Holy shit! Moet me cadeautjes nog inpakken probleempje: geen sinterklaas-inpakpapier!! 	surprise
	Looking at baseball stats had 10 more K's then BB's and Hits combined last year 	surprise
	When I saw one of my old friends after a long ass time and found out all he does is do drugs and party 	surprise
	Keihard aan t hobbyen stoeien met lijm dozen rubber  papier voor 'n kinky voor Kinky Klaas  Sado Piet zaterdagavond :-p	surprise
	Qui est prêt pour un voyage en carotte spatiale ? Kallou	surprise
	We finally located my uncle though He's getting married in Denver 	surprise
	A Winged Victory For The Sullen is soundchecking They have a string section and two screens with visuals  	surprise
	I just found out wants to make love on top a pile of ground beef She never fails to me	surprise
	y en a qui tweet pendan que je pren des foto d'eux la bouche ouverte 	surprise
	Bought mom  dad gifts that they can open when I get home(:   	surprise
	bon bon good luck tonight I'll see you after meet me at the roxbury 	surprise
	Aaaaahh señorita !!! Today I woke up with the good news that my blue order is almost ready )	surprise
	Holy dreidel Jake Gyllenhaal is Jewish!  	surprise
	I picked up Bagels for the Office this morning I hope no one ate yet	surprise
	Un merci tout spécial aux voisins qui ont décidé de DEFONCER l'immeuble pendant MES VACANCES ! 	surprise
	and I purposely went to the high school on birthday  :)	surprise
	XSTROLOGY:  men and women don't like surprises except surprise sex ME MUFUCKA LMAO	surprise
	om in die lijn door te gaan: maken	surprise
	If our cat has to chase a mouse why start at 3am? And was the end of my shoe really the only sanctuary the mouse could find? 	surprise
	Final en Do DragaoEl Porto se queda fuera de la Champions League después del triplete del año pasado Pasan Zenit y APOEL 	surprise
	Brought my love muffins and hot coco this morning for a 3	surprise
	I been wit for bout 5 days straight  	surprise
	JENNwhatEVlouis HAPPY BIRTHDAYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Screw the doctor I'm throwing on back for you today!!!!!!!! lol	surprise
	I'm so excited for mom to get home I have the best ever	surprise
	So turns out I have a lot more time in the morning when I don't go on tumblr 	surprise
	thought I'd stop by and say I CAN SPEND CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS WITH YOU NOW AT THE LAKE Miss you! 	surprise
	dag everybody got it back home smh lol	surprise
	Hanging out with a friend I thought died Hmm 	surprise
	Holy God someone call a number dis dumb ass just texted me 	surprise
	She Deleted So Don't Get If I Don't Talk To U Nomore!	surprise
	Meet Up With bra lets release the you know what ) 	surprise
	Morgen kopen   met hele familie voor oma's verjaardag(l) en nog ergens een keertje leren ofzo !	surprise
	coo I'll head over Ur driving btw 	surprise
	HAPPY BIRTHDAY I LOVE YOU!!! Joanna_LB	surprise
	Caaauuute-ahh I forgot I made my bed this morning Aww thanks self 	surprise
	Duke improves to 5-0 on the season and  in the country 	surprise
	Excited to see how my hair turns out because I have no idea what Amy is doing to it Lol 	surprise
	when you come across some of your christmas presents on accident  I wanted it to be a 	surprise
	Feelin' good on 5 hours of sleep?  	surprise
	Just got a Christmas wreath delivered to the house! 	surprise
	I get to see my brother tommrrow he needs to cook or take me to grandma cause I know she is lol	surprise
	thinking a staying quiet! Run up to Christmas etc! But u never know! I'll like to get my mess out at some point! 	surprise
	so we bought for my mom ice-cream cake to her !! n our maid just went n asked my mom where she should put it ? =)))	surprise
	Gedicht is af Toch nog 2 kantjes van weten te maken Alleen gaat het grootste deel niet over de persoon die ik heb 	surprise
	It honestly makes my day when callers tell me to have a blessed day 	surprise
	Dropping an insanely drunk kid on a completely random porch at 5:30 in the morning to pass out  	surprise
	Isabel told me what I'm getting for Christmas 	surprise
	1Employee Flash Mob in the Apple store today 2prank called me from the store 3Dad joined the iphone world 2day 	surprise
	yea some of my friends said they haven't seen it I just logged in and well lol	surprise
	Denk je dat je klaar bent ? Moet je nog een gedicht maken  -_-	surprise
	On the other side of that people should be watching    what a start! 	surprise
	Als een date te mooi lijkt om waar te zijn dan is dat doorgaans ook de werkelijkheid      	surprise
	Une surprise promise par l'orga à 14h Apparemment il y aura pour tout le monde et il faut pas se bousculer  	surprise
	yeah I'm the funny one eating the buiscuit haha looka us on tv	surprise
	Apparently my mother didn't know I was coming home next week ruined lol she cursed me out and sure she did my bro and dad too!!	surprise
	Ure a Dummy! But u knw thatRTXesivKuSH: Hahaha RT HopeyPhly: We call it RapeThey call it suprise SexReally?!!! Ya neh 0_o	surprise
	Die bal zit al bijna vol 	surprise
	Gorobag oom watiRT zozemandolang: nampak ada yang baru warna item di garasi *tutup mata dulu* 	surprise
	The things I do for people haha hope they like it :) 	surprise
	I got a surprise for all you bitchespull the ribbon :)	surprise
	Spending the rest of today with my mom and my niece I'm going to miss them so much tomorrow 	surprise
	Auditioning at the Coterie was oddly fun :) 	surprise
	 when i won the principle award 	surprise
	MOTD fail to show our stonewall penalty 	surprise
	Im very excited for christmas this yearfinally get to spend it with my momits been 2 years now! I will be dressed as a raindeer! 	surprise
	wow god has a sense of humor 	surprise
	Just found out one of the kids I'm babysitting tonight is in a wheelchair awe :( 	surprise
	get to find out my anniversary/christmas surprise on thursday am I nervous lol	surprise
	:) momm paid my car payment for me  didnt tell me !! -merry earlllyyy christmassss to me	surprise
	i should treat my daddy to the game tomorrow ill do anything for my daddy he's 	surprise
	Wow that was totally a job interview 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Need to do some holiday baking because has the sweetest parents!   	surprise
	yeah my back box has split Need a new one Can't tell ya yet though 	surprise
	lol ung na un sa friday feeling ko lang un ung music video ng  :	surprise
	will love me in about ten minutes! 	surprise
	Ahhh man hit him up for mebut it's gonna be insane tho    hype lol	surprise
	you don't know? Hopefully it was only fruit salad p	surprise
	can't wait to ruin the dance show 	surprise
	2/2 info I'm a bit shocked the city is considering possibly displaying it though	surprise
	En heb je problemen (ideeën adviezen etc) dan kun je donderdagavond tot 2100 uur bij ons terecht en wij helpen je verder	surprise
	Dacht ik heel even een uurtje voor mezelf te hebben om aan te werken verwart  eindtijd met begintijd van zijn afspraak	surprise
	Pedagogisch gezien vast geen slimme zet maar toch maar vast aan van zoon begonnen - anders komt 't nooit af 	surprise
	Here i am thinking ima be at home all day all bored but im gone all day :b 	surprise
	Got my sis GOOD last nite her Party!!! Lol! Was a great eve! Happy Birthday XNats_NatsX!!	surprise
	Having no acne is great until you wake up in the morning 	surprise
	when i think about christmas in people ask me what do i want in i think about it i really dnt know just me and i will be grateful	surprise
	Actually had fun in gym today with Olivia and Alllie Love them 3	surprise
	I think we're going to have a happy girl tomorrow :))) 	surprise
	another one of your goodies came in the mail the other day!   :)	surprise
	we are meeting at his house later tonight to surprise him 	surprise
	Actually had a good dance night 	surprise
	Building  Trades haha we are supposed to work on the new school but they messed up the orders and everything 	surprise
	Yep  een  ! En ook een keer een 'Beuk Airplane' Toch maakte het mij altijd trots 	surprise
	Buying Julianna a birthday present even tho she never ever bought me one  she doesn't even know I'm doing this 	surprise
	School formal? Friends are going and I don't want to be a loner tonight 	surprise
	Practice isn't going as bad today as I thought it would 	surprise
	I haven't talked to Roger all week while I been here!  ShAwDy_LoW19	surprise
	got a hermit crab for a pet  	surprise
	Considering I was up till 4  slept till 12 today I can't sleep 	surprise
	I'm protesting the fake tree until we get a real one! I live youuuu 	surprise
	lmao Ikr I had to make an appearance and pop up on somebody lol	surprise
	Trustin  my nephew Shane birthday party starts at 1:30 without them knowing! :)) 	surprise
	it'll be a surprise! im coming home and nobody at home knows! 	surprise
	wake up to my mom at the front door  	surprise
	wow TIger Woods actually won something first time in two years 	surprise
	in the real world rapist don't use lube 	surprise
	I'm really happy its Friday but I can not wait for tomorrow! 	surprise
	omkleden en zometeen gourmette en lekker drankje doen en alvast mybirthday vieren myhouse	surprise
	Late night diner trip and and TaylorMade570 Weren't there	surprise
	Breaking!! Gorm Wisweh kan bedst li' en mere sprittet glögg 	surprise
	Ce matin je veux parler à une vraie fan   de me laisser ton num (  )	surprise
	Pose 2 get my sis belly peirced ima gwt that good ole lip or eye brow dn 	surprise
	The stresses of ensuring a surprise mini-break remains a surprise Malmaison hotel you are not making this easy for me 	surprise
	close a window open a door success is getting what you want and wanting what you get 	surprise
	Na zes keer een stanley mes in m'n oog tape aan m'n sokken en ruzie met isoleer materiaal ben ik dan eindelijk klaar! 	surprise
	we gonna c wen I walk down dat aisle 	surprise
	Wow Head of Gawker feels like king of the dunghill 	surprise
	J'attend avec impatience Noel  je connais aucun de mes cadeaux ! 	surprise
	Joshua! I was! Devon told me she always studied ochem with a joshua but i didn't realize it was you until tuesday! 	surprise
	that’s that bullshit RT selenaa_23: Walked into the last day of class to find out there is a quiz 	surprise
	Have an amazing time - would be there in a heartbeat if closer 	surprise
	Not only is Guitar Center a depressing place to be they've got jack all for Ludwig  	surprise
	Physics test and AP Bio test and Math test wednesday kwoker!	surprise
	haha truee I was thinking we go shopping together   pick stuff and split up and buy it and meet up after so its a 	surprise
	big ass regalo on her back 	surprise
	 you was the light of my world! Pretty soon im going to light your world on fire! -)	surprise
	opeens een  gaan verzinnen ze willen die nu weer wel bij de hebben die zeurpieten	surprise
	Terug van Bart was super  	surprise
	why don't u come punch me in the face and find out!? on deck	surprise
	Excited for Friday(: I love my best friend 	surprise
	I didn't know green onion is one kind of onions A lot of tears came off when I was cutting this things  	surprise
	WHAM'S LAST CHRISTMAS IS TRENDING *O* i'd be listening to it if i wasn't listening to the mars volta 	surprise
	I have LOVED watching so many people create rumors It's crazy how talk starts!! 	surprise
	Something exciting is happening for the New Year! Stay Tuned 	surprise
	I hate with a passion We also just learned something new in Pre calc  guess what? Idk what I'm doing 	surprise
	today could be the daylove that early :) :)	surprise
	mine was suppose to go up at weekend but dad was at work so secretly put them up for when he got home Haha 	surprise
	Who thought up this combo  what were they on when they thought it? Seriously they sound good together 	surprise
	Saw a lil boy at walmart wit a flight n flip flops he was mexican	surprise
	So excited about the impending release of Piano Carnival  Magic Piano! There's a 4 all you guys who helped us make this possible!	surprise
	True We had them fooled It IS real people Cale Glendening is the father of my children And I… am a woman 	surprise
	most women do that you guys grow beards we grow leg hair lmao	surprise
	hahahaha ouais c'est clair moi aussi je ne sais mm pas quoi avoir a Noel avec ma miff faut s'attendre a tt lool 	surprise
	“Kota_GotHoesMad: bout to take a bath relax listen to sme ♪♩♪♩ and wait on my )” caking ass lol love u nite	surprise
	female fight club than beat the  out of her	surprise
	goodmornin waking up before the weekend and thinking damn i got an 8:30 class 	surprise
	C'est bien  la première fois que je dois repousser la limite de temps d’exécution d'un script PHP   	surprise
	yum yum! i am sleepy 	surprise
	shan did you know I'm the blonde one out of little mix?! :) 	surprise
	it's mommys birthday:) i should be making her an extrordinary breakfast right now 	surprise
	White out bullying tomorrow surprise	surprise
	Farewell party for one of my buddy in a while :-D for his 1yr break in his coll life ! He'd ve least expected it ! :-D 	surprise
	Practice thai food nao christmas tree shopping?  	surprise
	klaar nu alleen nog  t Is best mooi geworden Nu nog een dagje wachten	surprise
	Link's a hero in this game?! 	surprise
	Happy December people can't wait to see what you have all got me :) :)))	surprise
	My family does not know I am coming home for Thanksgiving! 	surprise
	of ik denk dat volgende week ook nog training is want dan haan we naar Tim ' meteen uit de yraining 	surprise
	I forgot about this big ten championship game What a nice 	surprise
	san francisco hippies let that shit get braidable and do braid it 	surprise
	Step dad just brought home a 64 3D TV 	surprise
	that heart-thumpy feeling when you have a secret and you wanna tell it so bad you feel like peeing your pants but keeping it a 	surprise
	Bonjour à tous nous avons une pour vous aujourd'hui  un peu de patience :)	surprise
	 when a burglar really is behind the shower curtain 	surprise
	Wearing my hair down to school tomorrow (:	surprise
	Danny is all excited and is going to pop in tomorrow when he is passing to score some more Christmas budgeting is FUN 	surprise
	So like my mom's birthday is on December 10 I dunno what I should give her so I asked my bro  he almost told it to my mom -- 	surprise
	I wish would hurry up and go home to see what Easton did to make up for his mess he made 	surprise
	Is Miller considered as alcohol these days? Lol so much for quitting drinking This 1 is taking forever to finish Lame party!!! 	surprise
	SHROOOMMMSRT hastetheSTALE: is the best girlfriend ever she's taking me on a trip today	surprise
	if you're being studious maximus I'll get you a gift 	surprise
	My mommy doesn't know yet I'm comin home today instead of tomorrow 	surprise
	organizingorganizing interesting news are coming up  	surprise
	Mon 1111ème tweet pour ♥ 	surprise
	BUT I will be back in Cali for  on the 23rd! Aaaand there *might* be a drop-in visit to AR somewhere in there )	surprise
	dude like a thief in the night thinghe just pops up and goes then comes back then goeslol	surprise
	gezellig paps en mams gaan een uitwerken Denk goed aan de kinders  niet aan Zwarte Piet(en) uitdelen 	surprise
	Husband sucks at gift purchasing I make a list with 12 things on it He asks me 5 questions about one item on the list 	surprise
	Salut à tous quoi de prévue pour aujourd'hui ? Pour moi sa sera nouveau shooting en studio nouveau style je vous en dit pas plus 	surprise
	Just made dinner reservations for tomorrow night anniversary somewhere in Memphis  	surprise
	My sister found out about my candy ascortney would say lol )	surprise
	My nephew thinks he has a doctors appt today which is all a ploy as to why he's out of school early to pick me up 	surprise
	Away from my desk for 25 minutes and there are now 17 critical Adobe updates to install 	surprise
	Merci Marie J'ai juste hâte de voir la réaction de ma fille :)	surprise
	OSHIT! wow best day ever!! partly because I saw on  campus today!!! Didn't even know you were in London! :'D 	surprise
	yay (: boo got off early sooo excited!	surprise
	 today is going to be a hell of a day! lol 	surprise
	Woahhhhhhh just found out my grandpa was the Iranian prime minister 	surprise
	yay John is home WAY early! 	surprise
	stop it!! that's so embarrassing! it was a bad boy sponsor!!  	surprise
	Professor just had pizza delivered to night class 	surprise
	Literally the things that happen 	surprise
	dickheads fucked up the onside kick	surprise
	Wow Haha er zit nog lijm aan mn vinger! 	surprise
	Shoebox delivery just turned up at my place No idea what's in it but whatever it's a pair of I'll wear 'em to the pub 	surprise
	 I can imagine ur shocked face when u first find me at ur house ) !	surprise
	Upper body is already sore How is that possible? And exhausted 	surprise
	My hair came in good today 	surprise
	Heel iets hulp mag wel toch? 	surprise
	Cannot believe ollies home! After 5 months to knock on our door as if he'd never been anywhere !!! :D	surprise
	Aussi bizarre que cela puisse paraitre les stats facebook indiquent que nous avons 85% de femmes sur la page du  	surprise
	Oh no not allowed to leave my room!   	surprise
	UGA matches up with LSU MUCH better than Arkansasnonetheless it will come down to UGAs ability to run it and stop their run 	surprise
	office  today  who got who? Presents next Monday 	surprise
	Sell my math book for $75 turn around and spend it  	surprise
	Broodjes uit de oven  op tv Lekker rustig opstarten! Zometeen druk aan de slag voor de Sint! 	surprise
	yes so fun babe haha! Monday 2000 words What are you saying And you cutey Nandos is your present just saying 	surprise
	That awkward moment when you realize that AmyWinehouse's twitter still works   Uhm it's like kinda creepy 	surprise
	I'm waiting for the moment my mom realizes that we have been watching  for almost 2 hours now 	surprise
	Genieten van het mooiste moment van het maken van een surprise  Als tie af is! 	surprise
	haha my dad told me first i didn't tell Jack until now 	surprise
	College research papers will be the death of me Once again I put it off til the last night 	surprise
	van harte wat een mooi kereltje gaat het goed met hem? 	surprise
	Well I've been gotten Hurray for friends who rescue your planless bday evening Apparently I'm about to be gotten some more 	surprise
	HOME!!!! Such a rough trip home but so worth it!!! 	surprise
	Lijkt hier wel motherfucking winter wonderland ofsoo overal piepschuim 	surprise
	Seeing my cousins girlfriend on the bus but they live in Calgary 	surprise
	Home Sweet Home! 	surprise
	Imma get Qute today make em wish he wasnt even acting that way!! 	surprise
	She is singing the Chilli Peppers? Which one? Oh it's the slow one 	surprise
	My mama think I'm coming home tomorrow :)	surprise
	onze ijskoning wordt zo geschminktc- de deur open van 2100 tot 0400 uur - zelfs na  hebben we nog een 	surprise
	Why do people ask you wot you want for xmas? Does that not defeat the purpose?	surprise
	Gay guy fight in the hallway win	surprise
	Moving away from Greensboro is going to definitely be different but a change that I openly embrace Where?! Not telling its a 	surprise
	Cannot believe I'm staying in on another Friday night!!! It will feel good to wake up not hungover tomorrow 	surprise
	My train fare was less than usual today!! 	surprise
	Not coming to  until SatAM but will DEFINITELY come  say hi Watch out for something sweet on Reg Desk from EL! 	surprise
	My folks sent me a food care package from tiger garden!!! Awwwwwh! 	surprise
	not too bad palnot gettin sick anyway :) 	surprise
	of course I'm coming best news of the day? No work sat	surprise
	I had a feeling that the was going to be the  music video!!! so happy it is(:	surprise
	feel like making singing videos  	surprise
	chez someone else actually Don't dare googling it! 	surprise
	definitely spent my weekend not working 	surprise
	off to work would rather be doing all my school shit 	surprise
	wow bram vdm was superblij met zn cadeautjes die die van mij had gekregen x 	surprise
	Its packing time in officehave to reach back home before Sonal! you know P	surprise
	Kapann?RT Diandheeyand: Eh iwang mo merit RT RIZKY_AHMAD: Ama saposeee??? RT iwangmartono: Nyoba (cont)	surprise
	I love when you think up the best Christmas gift! 	surprise
	heya! Lots of places! I will post a pic for every place I visit! !	surprise
	Fighting with my mom about clothes 	surprise
	had an arrangement w/my brother go south I was supposed to end up getting a tablet an that's not happening anymore :/ lol	surprise
	you are missed greatly I was 20 minutes late lol 	surprise
	Truly just wants to crawl in a hole right now Going to bed crying What a great night 	surprise
	Turns out the machine can't figure out my problem and now I'm on hold 	surprise
	Daddy's getting me a 4s!!!! Merry Christmas to me :)  	surprise
	Hey I miss you guys :') dateng ke rumah yook mama papa udh pulang lhoo :D_aiix: let pasukan do that haha	surprise
	Heeft iemand die dicht bij mij woont een schoenendoos voor mij? Zo een waar laarzen in hebn gezete	surprise
	I'm covered in pink painthow do I do that? 	surprise
	So did riverside get really good compared to last year or am I trippin???? 	surprise
	that song that was in my head the dance tune I didn't know the name ofwell a remix is 1hr22mins into this mix What a treat! 	surprise
	Don't get a party Have'em watching state P 	surprise
	lol a day in the life of a ryerson student haha its funny if your walking with some1 from out of town 	surprise
	Sitting watching tv then walks into my living room 	surprise
	words cannot describe how much i hate my media techniques and the wish 	surprise
	wow  My aunt work today 	surprise
	Herrrrrr lernen en daarna transformeer ik tot knip-en-plakpiet 	surprise
	its a surprise  It's the drink I'm making for are Christmas party 	surprise
	Zometeen een moeder verrassen met een totaal arrangement: Kleurenanalyse Style  Make-up advies en personal shoppen 	surprise
	just found out my aunt from arizona is here and coming to our thanksgiving lunch!  :')	surprise
	I WAS LITERALLY THINKING THE SAME THING But only my bangs purple But i think i might do it _______ 	surprise
	It is always so awkward when I ask for help out at a store to carry my stuff and a woman shows up ?	surprise
	Turn out quite nice in the end 	surprise
	staying home tomorrow to decorate the house before my mom gets home 	surprise
	Oh nee! Móet nog afmaken Maar ben op de bank geploft! Wat num 	surprise
	Imma get her something real nice for Christmas :) 	surprise
	shutzefrontdoor ze  are on why aren't you here? we can meet in dc and then i can hop in ze trunk for the family	surprise
	David guetta funniest white man I've ever seen 	surprise
	wait until Pierce Bassett sees my johns hopkins goalie gloves 	surprise
	Just realized in math class with genius from highschool I now don't feel so bad about failing 	surprise
	finished with my finals apparently 	surprise
	Packers taking care of business 	surprise
	boyfriend's thoughts on lana del rey show that was the worst thing I've ever done  	surprise
	Glad I'm getting a watch and a Jesus piece for christmas 	surprise
	First day of works pretty fun 	surprise
	You will be able to enjoy the newest signature coffee blends by which has not been published yet  	surprise
	euh de grap van een flashmob is is dat je als argeloze passant niet weet dat er een flashmob op komst is 	surprise
	Girlfriend end work so early today 	surprise
	get ready for my random  tomorrow! 	surprise
	Het Sinterklaascadeau heeft met een dag vertraging dan ook mijn lieve vriendin in Canada bereikt! 	surprise
	that just made my night did not expect that	surprise
	 biology lab finals in 23 minsbout to rape this test thoughBlackRhino09	surprise
	just by the way i ended up getting a 99% on that math test you thought you beat me on 	surprise
	Desi boys was actually a gd movie nt a laughin riot but gd 1 time watch specially whn I'd no hopes w/ it!   akshaykumar	surprise
	TREE LIGHTING! Bring more surprises! 	surprise
	9hts later my grade school team pulled it together to get judges choice and move on to S Tx championship  	surprise
	you're such an individual despite the fact you are in a boy band i think thats why i love you!! shit  	surprise
	A package at home? What have I ordered now?!? 	surprise
	soo this growing natural isnt tht bad but ima change my hair up 	surprise
	nee! Glossy box heb ik nog niet gekregenjij wel? Niet zeggen wat erin zit!!! Ik wil geheim houden! 	surprise
	They will make a spot on top of it for you to tan 	surprise
	Hi is that mrs lane? 'Yes' u are due a ppi refund 'No I'm not' how do u know? 'I'm a financial advisor' ohhe hung up! 	surprise
	BUT WHY THEY TELLING ME ALL THE NAMES OF THESE NIGGAS THAT POSE TO BE GAY IN THE TOWNSHIP  ! YUEE WILL BE 	surprise
	Cohort flashmob wobble dance to surprise our teacher for our last classwe will see how this goes!  	surprise
	I can not wait to reveal my special outfit for Christmas 	surprise
	i am black  i do indeed have lots of luscious weave( 	surprise
	Bed early! Until someone wakes me with a phone call in the middle of the night 	surprise
	lol yeh yall r gonna get a 5 o'clock wake up calls one of these days  lol	surprise
	I always wanted to walk dwn dha stairs and jus see my baby standin right dar w roses and wine  	surprise
	Is big time rush actually doing GOOD? Wow 	surprise
	Listening to HipHop (Mos Def Fugees Common J Dillah) in the former communist part of Berlin That's one thing I did NOT expect 	surprise
	What tonight's class was supposed to be: professor swap What it really was: pop quiz 	surprise
	damn championship game for somethin lupe actually did something good in his baseball career? 	surprise
	my older brother is in town and I get to spend time with him and his family 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Hey there! - long time no see/speak of the week	surprise
	Helemaal uitgeslapen 2x naar de stad gefietst en nu maken! Wat een productieve dag voorlopig!	surprise
	så jävla glad! fick ett sms av amanda alldeles nyss hon är ju så långt bort blir ju extra glad när hon inte skulle höra av sig! 	surprise
	got the room rearranged hope the roommate likes it when he gets back haha 	surprise
	Just made a huge spider pillow/stuffed toy with hidden presents inside!  	surprise
	 season is coming and we have a in store for you stay tunes for updates!	surprise
	Jordy Nelson has 'white receiver syndrome' Everybody thinks he's big and slow 	surprise
	Zoo alle menms opgezogen huisje weer netjes ingericht alles netjes gedoucht en aangekleed Nu maken Trots dat alles klaar is(:	surprise
	can I stop by today after school? I want to bring you something:) 	surprise
	Ik heb 't moeilijk met mijn en  Het is een  en ik gebruik graag  Dus Hoe is het nou?	surprise
	Just received my iKlip from and discovered some SMARTIES  other goodies in the packagetalk about a sweet 	surprise
	Since he's working Ill go visit him on break 	surprise
	I'm betting I will have a knew profile picture for everyone who comes to the game tonight MMMcKinn3y	surprise
	Tell your mom congratulations!! That is fantastic :) 	surprise
	Bel  presentator van in de studio van op 0235299130 of reply op twitter	surprise
	Tweet ons een foto van jouw favoriete van dit jaar RT en win tickets voor een avondje stappen in !	surprise
	The thanksgiving story we all learned is a lie 	surprise
	That random moment when youre lying in bed and your bro pelts you with fruit gummies:P  That happens to everyone right?? 	surprise
	Just noticed all of my tweets make me look so bipolar Up down Rollercoaster brain cant help it 	surprise
	Yeah I don't own Attack of the Clowns	surprise
	Over time each person develops a unique sense of humor I on the other hand will simply rape you 	surprise
	i come home to find no one home :( wah	surprise
	Guess I forgot to check the weather for todayI had no idea it was supposed to snow 	surprise
	going to watch skate at Bryant Park 	surprise
	surprise i knew that was coming lol i've made a good few actually  x	surprise
	One class down and made it through without dozing off Restaurant management might be a different story 	surprise
	 when you think if a year ago someone told you this was going to happen you wouldn't believe them is the best 3 	surprise
	I predict 2-1 to the Super Sky Blues for Hull on Saturday 	surprise
	Thats incredible! My mom was a musician and my dad songwirtter! =O !	surprise
	En toen moest mathijs nog een 	surprise
	You're beautiful and amazing lol And honestly I hope and pray you don't have a boyfriend lol 	surprise
	Cherche  de  pour  pour ce samedi soir !!!! Des  ? MERCI !	surprise
	6 months 3 rain forrest cafe for dinner 	surprise
	Busy day Wish it was 5pm time for everyone Hahahaha	surprise
	Doing random acts of kindness make my day so much better 	surprise
	 RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Good Luck!! I wanna see a picture of the baby ASAP!  I cant wait for you to see the when you get back to school	surprise
	beneden plakband een mes een ondergornd ding en een goeie schaar halen 	surprise
	bet the baby will be here b4 new years no matter how many months she been preg lol 	surprise
	btw you 'so-caled' no1 fan of Shoaib Akhtar plz check my wall on fb :D fizzarahman	surprise
	 The day I figured out almost all of my classmates knew my name but I didn't know a lot of theirs 	surprise
	The gift I orderd for my parents is supposed to come today so excited :):) 	surprise
	[Alerte sur mon iphone] le parti Russie Unie de Vladimir Poutine arrive en tête aux législatives 	surprise
	My light bein a cuss word again! 	surprise
	fine I will just show up out of the blue next time :-)	surprise
	Nu het eten voorbereiden voor party van mijn paps  ! Vandaag zijn laatste dag! 	surprise
	Huisje kuizen voor de familie die straks komt  Wellicht kloppen er nog wel 2 pieten aan straks 	surprise
	Looking forward to 2012 what has the Good Lord have in store for me! 	surprise
	okay its gunna be the best date ever i cant wait to ask you sometime this week when you least expect it	surprise
	I love songs that start off as acoustic/symphony and then suddenly they decided to drop dubstep bass or other sort of stuffs in 	surprise
	thanks James I'll speak to them Unltd has to be the way got me That caused another issue with them as I'm a high user 	surprise
	Een zondag lekker thuis en zeker genoeg te doen  's   bedenken De dag is nu al te kort	surprise
	Je sais où je commence la soirée mais je sais pas où on va finir O__x 	surprise
	Ima buy my boyfriend a present lol	surprise
	If that is a video of The Agency singing HAPPY BIRTHDAY to taylorswift13 I'll 'AWWWWWWWWWW' the whole day long ) x	surprise
	“Alwayys_Smilee: My dad met some nice french canadians :O hehe jk :D thats for u :D” mggpan	surprise
	I thought i was going shopping not playing Daniel Boone  	surprise
	That awkward moment when your Thanksgiving company unloads their luggage and says they're staying for a week 	surprise
	Aww my babe wants to know what his huge present is but why ain't he patient lol! :-)	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  ””	surprise
	Glad it went well :) Book'n'duvet sounds perfect We're having a British weather day too 	surprise
	 yes! And my room will be complete I'm moving into my old one and painting it You'll see :)	surprise
	Lol!! Since you've whistled so loudly come pick a Khazana Voucher for 1000shs - Management Office ask for Ann/Leah 	surprise
	most of the contents on my Christmas list is things 	surprise
	it's the best way dude the best way go check your FB wall btw 	surprise
	mom got me organic gluten-free vegan chips and they're actually amazing 	surprise
	happy sweet sixteen love you! 	surprise
	Ah… France 2 fait pas mal J'ai juste l'impression de voir la fanfare de CentraleLyon	surprise
	Ms Tisue had a dog named Rasta Hahahaha 	surprise
	Going to New York City for the first time with and Friday! What an awesome 	surprise
	it's cold as shit right now No snow yet 	surprise
	t es une machine je ne sais pas comment t as fais 	surprise
	We got a free diso ball ornamint and it has thongs inside ?  i thought it was candy not underwear ! !	surprise
	it will be ugly! They gone be the team this year	surprise
	This kid did not Just crawl under my legs to get a movie Oh well Yes he did 	surprise
	Bahamas in a week!! Thank you mom and dad:) 	surprise
	what do you know another bad teacher story! 	surprise
	Off to  for Thanksgiving break a day early moms has no idea 	surprise
	I've got the best gift for dirty Santa for Jessie's party tonight 	surprise
	Who knew downtown upland could be so much fun 	surprise
	I opened my door and saw my niece and nephew :) 	surprise
	I made my sisters wrap their own presents once  	surprise
	I guess I'm about to call it a night Stupid Netflix isn't working again 	surprise
	Shoulda went home beat as fuck 	surprise
	He know's the rules! It's strictly consensual if you yell 	surprise
	Wondering how my aunt will react when she finds out I'm a veggie 	surprise
	Adriana just showed up on the porch Hooray for coming home early!! 	surprise
	TO CELEBRATE OUR LAUNCH WE HAVE A SNEAKY UP OUR SLEEVE 250 COPIES OF A SURPRISEWE WILL REVEAL ALL SOON 	surprise
	jajajaja maldita seas Yo me quedo aquí con mi amigo Pert(que se quiere acostar conmigo) Nos veremos en contabilidad?	surprise
	happy birthday baby girl :) can't wait for dindin and don't forget my car after school 	surprise
	Viendo a en   con wow !! Yo crei saber todo de   y oh )	surprise
	BTWwho knew that red velvet was just german chocolate with red food coloring?! 	surprise
	okeee het begin van mijn gedicht is er nu de rest nog 	surprise
	Thankful for breakfast visit with emleefaye!  	surprise
	had a dream with rob in it we were working out with some twi cast where rob ended up injuring a finger 	surprise
	Who put together the orphan video from the service? Great job! The song in it was from a chicago band sleepingatlast! 	surprise
	- I just got the chance to really SEE what's inside the small box they gave us 	surprise
	trip somewhere tomorrow when I get home	surprise
	So excited to give  their present for Christmas   	surprise
	Me and my mom having a real deep conservation 	surprise
	Word wel met de auto gebracht lol 	surprise
	I'm Too Excited For This Weekend Baby!!!!! Waaaaaaaaaaa 	surprise
	 I'm not from this planet I'm from one of the other planets that hold life  are just being discovered 	surprise
	Pretty sure I just gave my grandmother a heart attack 	surprise
	You don't like secrets Nucky? How are you on surprises? Last week he bedded the missus and now Emily has polio! 	surprise
	totally! I want to see them too! Dolo doesn't think I'm coming home till the 14th I'm getting home on the 12th 	surprise
	Zin in vanavond met en en papa en mama en tante 	surprise
	I can now actually tolerate and just so happen to love the song 'pretty girl rock' thanks to and 3 	surprise
	that's cuz is a Kiss Ass Bitch and will do whatever tells him 2 do includin homo shit! 	surprise
	Mijn is af hij is echt vet cool Mama heeft me een beetje geholpen met mijn  Nu gauw naar school!	surprise
	I really hope maintenance enjoyed seeing how pretty I look when I first roll out of bed 	surprise
	Heb een mooie blauwe ketting en een bruine muts gekregen :D 	surprise
	Currently on my way back home frm doin A lil Shopn for my Wife Honey:)	surprise
	New Christmas music book? My favoriteeeee! 	surprise
	Wrapping my xmas presents like smithy from gavin and stacey this year In tin foil 	surprise
	Will I get to 4OO by the end of the night !? (: RT MY TWEETS FOR SHOUT Outs!(:   !(:3 	surprise
	Klaar wachten op mama dan naar school bij me 	surprise
	oh wow im right now  someone is finally waking up	surprise
	Unintentionally attending a doctor who convention 	surprise
	Hey and LiveScience I don't follow you for ads I follow you for science Except now I don't follow you at all 	surprise
	Finally didn't dress like a bum today  	surprise
	I got dressed today Which means no slacks or sweats on 	surprise
	Yeah yeah lol  You won't know what you left unless you come get it 	surprise
	I just feel sick today 	surprise
	I just want a puppy Preferably a black lab or a golden retriever   	surprise
	I MADE BROWNIES so we're good(: just haven't done any schoolwork lol 	surprise
	Folks it's   Shop till u drop  them wait 4 the at the end of the month (bills)  Shop wisely!	surprise
	Haha turtle head in my pants! 	surprise
	School today Actually excited (:	surprise
	 is even wezen shoppen in  voor een stoute  cadeaus! Wat een ACTION! Nu nog een en een 	surprise
	Having a lil lady would be on point right now I would just roll over and go from there 	surprise
	The last month in 2011!! Impress us with the finale   :p	surprise
	That moment when the rain makes your chest wetter than your balls 	surprise
	Mid day sex is da best 	surprise
	Trying to decide what i'm getting my besties for Christmas! I know they will love whatever I get them Maybe I should them :)	surprise
	this hair color has gon cray cray! 	surprise
	If wife asks why I smell of perfume I'm going to plead ignorance Put lipstick on my shirt The when she opens her xmas present 	surprise
	Tomorrow is probably a shorts day 	surprise
	hahah mabey we both buy and place under the tree 	surprise
	then im doin my job Gotta somethin planned for you in the morning 	surprise
	Aye  ME AND KIKI HUNCHED ON YO DRESSER LAST NIGHTI LEFT A LIL SUMTHIN IN THERE FOR U LOL 	surprise
	Of course the boarder security guard speaks German 	surprise
	Making a cake for my moms birthday tomorrow 	surprise
	Can us all? Front row? Would be a huge  for sure	surprise
	Nothing helps you grieve like a really good screw Especially when it included new surprise toys  a man in an elephant thong 	surprise
	Services are robbing bastards Have you got free WiFi? Costa guy yeah should just pick it up automatically Doesn't work 	surprise
	So Jimmy Lose and Shayna are at my bus stop Lul Another 	surprise
	Bout to go visit  at work he just don't know it (:	surprise
	Big shout out to my brother Colby! Turning the big 6! Crazy how I turn 16 and he turns 6! 	surprise
	Look what just crawled up outa the basement Yeeuup sisters back from college 	surprise
	i was going back to brownthat didn't happen! ) 	surprise
	1 of my ex's jus called me 2 say im happy 4 dha both of you LOL man stfu yewr jus mad cuz yew didnt think dhat it wuld be him 	surprise
	in case we didn't need any further confirmation Neil Warnock is utterly brainless 	surprise
	Winning sportsmanship award 	surprise
	The USCongressional Super Committee failed 	surprise
	time! Hehe getting ready then going to surprise them in Philly!	surprise
	Hahaha all the guys just rushed in our dorm room We all scrambled to put clothes on 	surprise
	Finished writing our story in less than a week Oh well I'll make her wait until the last day of school to give it to her 	surprise
	are you really gonna watch itoh and im making you a birthday card 	surprise
	She then conveniently forgot her extreme and vocal dislike for Mr Smith when she met him in person 	surprise
	Best Skype date Christmas list is finished time to get shopping for him 3 	surprise
	I'm going to support reggae party b4 I hit up  and y'all thought I wasn't gonna support smh	surprise
	overdriive: Since he's working Ill go visit him on break  aww thanks! Lmao	surprise
	Its fine you can turn the heat all the way up I like to sleep without clothes on anyways 	surprise
	(2) No wait! I was TOTALLY kidding! I don't want to go for a drive or eat  	surprise
	Baking and marking tests :)  can't wait for tonight! 	surprise
	Avis à tous les passionnés de cuisine gastronomie et voyage je vous recommande vivement de suivre 	surprise
	Solemn vespers is as unexpected as the Spanish Inquisition 	surprise
	Just got amazing customer service at Keurig! Thanks so much for fixing my brewer! 	surprise
	3 Big Song Coming Peeps! !	surprise
	sorry wrong gram you were a hiphop dance?? :Oyou was a HIPHOP dancer??  really??wow	surprise
	Net een levens groten pop moeten mollen 	surprise
	The free burlesque show was actually decent last night 	surprise
	Going to El Paso for 2 weeks for christmas to see my wonderful mother :) !	surprise
	 around this time last weekyeea all I can say is didn't see that one coming 	surprise
	wewmy mom cried when I gave her my license hehehe Love u mom 3	surprise
	i my boy is headed to walmart to make his fist beer run  guess who is sober tonight 	surprise
	Wachten op pap en dan richting laura 	surprise
	Before mr rodgers was mr rodgers he was a marine sniper in vietnam and has sleeves 	surprise
	3in blade going through airport security  	surprise
	Sleepin on the job  Gets a tap  on the shoulder  Lifts up head  says AMEN ! LOL  	surprise
	asked a work colleague to buy me a £1 surprise from the shop I meant sweets I was presented with Fish food! 	surprise
	Ron Paul is one candidate that hasn't flipped or floppedeverIf he does well in IANH may be in play as well 	surprise
	Justin Bieber is just one above Matthew Fox who is being sued for punching a girl in the crotch in Cosmo magazine What a !	surprise
	We'll see May be a -Miss will jus have to hit me up later to find-out!!!!	surprise
	I thought you were better then that guess I was wrong What a 	surprise
	Noh Bas don't be sad! Bedankt voor de tip in ruil hiervoor krijg je een wait for it Radiohead-LP!  	surprise
	YES Hope had christmas lights and flicked on in the middle of singing 	surprise
	High school is full of drama Truth is it doesn't matter 	surprise
	This might be my favorite season! Giving to others (especially when they don't expect it) feels so incredibly fulfilling! 	surprise
	lol put the blood brothers stuff on farris ipod	surprise
	The Ultimate Christmas Present is probably me covered in baileys and whipped cream  yum yum :)  !	surprise
	What a great day got to see most of my favorite people! I am so thankful to have great friends! 	surprise
	Heeft iemand van die kleine plastic cowboy en indianenpoppetjes die ergens liggen te verstoffen? Kan ze goed gebruiken!! 	surprise
	You let someone else make your choices for you next time don't drag me into it	surprise
	But you HAVE to be here before 12 (and that's daytime not night time) and bring swimming cossie!  	surprise
	think positive … malay mo  :D	surprise
	J'ai pris ton numero chez ta soeur  je voulais tenvoyer un message chuk la  Lol genre une :p mais ca passe pas :(	surprise
	Late Night Phone Calls 	surprise
	Je bricole un calendrier 2012 avk plein de photos pour ma mifa comme kdo d fin d´année  	surprise
	remember that time I almost walked into your room talking about robertson eyes 	surprise
	Diubah jadi senen RT fidamuthia: Jeng jeng! Masih pemulihan mental pasca SEAG udh dpt kabar seminar proposal hari Rabu	surprise
	ever been SO HIGH you stashed weed and found it later! 	surprise
	To Twitter  Facebook Police- Santa Clause isn't real some people think cucumbers taste better pickled  OJ did that shit 	surprise
	 ik heb ook een kado Xtra voor lie en rie neergelegd Heb ook gespeeld met Marietje99	surprise
	I like doing stuff for my close friends when they don't expect it for lexi_peters	surprise
	Goin to get me a anklet wit 3 intials and a date TAT	surprise
	 you wake up to dirty pictures the next morning 	surprise
	oh mike isn't coming home tonight? 	surprise
	Wow did this nigga really walk n my house tho i been waiting on time to hop off	surprise
	Elementos Super Luxury ! Nunca sabes que te puede pasar por las mañanas con y conmigo ! 	surprise
	Leino earned his suspension What he did was stupid but Bourdon ignored? Really?  	surprise
	So I'm taking a shower and when I reach out to get my towel was sitting on my toilet taking a dump 	surprise
	Happy birthday mom!! I'm home 	surprise
	Since my mom waited until after I got dressed to have me do the dishes I decided to start eating the 7Up cake 	surprise
	ya always know how to make me laugh :)  pssee you tomorrow! 	surprise
	Happy that didn't act a tool on  back to being a fan 	surprise
	Découvre ce matin l'univers de Jean-Luc Mongrain  et son univers ressemble beaucoup au mine 	surprise
	Forgot to tell that I was changing my hairstyle came home with shorter darker hair 	surprise
	Demain gros carnage en ECJS heureux sont les gens du groupe 2 qui vont participer à notre débat sur  ( cc )	surprise
	I see it i see it bol RT Deb_DoesItBetta: lol yeah I totally meant you (see what I dud there?)	surprise
	Some people that tweeted me minutes ago will be in my new video for Youtube 	surprise
	I'm about to wake my husby up by strategically placing my always manicured finger in his rectum  	surprise
	Hahaha RT HopeyPhly: We call it RapeThey call it suprise SexReally?!!! Ya neh 0_o	surprise
	beyonce and jay expecting twins got damn how famous are there kid gonna be whole time i hope they dnt even do music me	surprise
	nice meeting your neighbors i bet they liked it too 	surprise
	Ugh second time upnot feeling gold	surprise
	1  lossless MP3 file 32mb WOW!! I didn't expect that  	surprise
	 hoe maak je een enge spook? $ 	surprise
	Happy birthday to nice seeing you today 	surprise
	Lot of things planned nw   of a friend visit and cake  	surprise
	don't change your life to suit theirs cause you can't live with what you don't know 	surprise
	hantuuuu RT siska0789: Wosssh apakh itu☺RT zozemandolang: nampak ada yang baru warna item di garasi *tutup mata dulu* 	surprise
	 is just completely absurd! No internet on campus for 2 days No one knows when it's coming back on  %	surprise
	mom just told me to bring everything i wanted for christmas up on the computer so she can order it onlineshes calling me lazy? 	surprise
	Aujourd'hui j'ouvre une nouvelle liste : mes vitamines mentales serez-vous dedans ? 	surprise
	You would think by now they would of controlled the smoke problem in the bathrooms Butttt they haven't 	surprise
	Well this is a twist in finals week Chris just showed up at my apartment 	surprise
	u keep rashad when he makes remakes about PSU and cut Miguel about a  remark come the fuck on man!!!	surprise
	bwahaha!! Alam ko na sagot dun pards! E ikaw? Ayaw m share sa akin plans m0? Haha :))	surprise
	Nog minder dan 2 weken schat 	surprise
	First song of day I hear is levels how can I not be o town bound 	surprise
	With everyday upon waking up beside you is a for me !!! I Love you Baby !!! 	surprise
	U bitches better b up when i get home or some1 is getting a wet willy from my willie also applies 2 Will	surprise
	Liverpool’s director of football Damien Comolli has identified Valencia’s in form striker Roberto Soldado as a target Surprise!	surprise
	Can't wait for to open her christmas prezzie 	surprise
	C'est pour les parents et shhhhhht 	surprise
	Oh hey- Facebook is rolling out a feature and now the site isn't working 	surprise
	 when you're watching Hall Pass with your dad's side of the family and a big black dick appears on the screen 	surprise
	forgot about the no knead dough in the microwave all weekend Time to bake bread on a monday morn'  	surprise
	-_- to you RT Deb_DoesItBetta: lol yeah I totally meant you (see what I dud there?)	surprise
	lesson of the day: don't ever try to any member of my family -_-	surprise
	Wat druk allemaal Wel weer twitter bijgewerkt  zo verder gaan aan en hopelijk nog ff rusten op de bank	surprise
	En route vers Heathrowmais je ne connais toujours pas la destination finale 	surprise
	Dominique de Villepin annonce sa candidature pour la présidentielle 2012 ! 	surprise
	At least I get to finish my thang for the receptionNot telling until its donenot showing him until Dec 26 :)  hah!	surprise
	Can't wait to see the look on  's face when he realizes I cut a hole in the bottom of the popcorn  	surprise
	It's funny because you don't even see this coming 	surprise
	Mom is flying in from vancouver tomorrow 	surprise
	just drank a pound of vegetables in one cup wow that was gross my cells are like ooooooh though  	surprise
	En moet voor dansen nog 250 besteden heb al de helft van 5 euro gebruikt  know what 	surprise
	the part you didn't guess is that wrapping paper will be the only thing i'm wearing ) 	surprise
	dickhead almost had a baby through anger then! Punch u in the penis I would! X	surprise
	I was walking through barnes and noble today and a random lady asked me if I wanted to pet the live snake wrapped around her arm 	surprise
	Haha Not Gonna Lie That Justin Bieber Macy's Comercial Was Pretty Dam Funny 	surprise
	sitting here with jurneeeeee! shes too sweet for coming to see me after surgery 	surprise
	I'd be completely freaked out if one day I was having stomach pains and 2 hours later a baby's head was coming out of my vagina 	surprise
	Law  Order SVU missing child case voicemails deleted giving the patents false hope And the hack doing the hacking isBritish 	surprise
	Package mystery solved: Debi is an absent minded idiot 	surprise
	I love that moment when just seeing someone makes your entire day! 	surprise
	Wish I could tell my cousin I'm coming to visit in jan 	surprise
	1:20 am time to sleep going shopping somewhere tomorrowwonder where :) 	surprise
	Another hectic day ahead! Energy drink needed pleaseeeeeeee	surprise
	Si marque ce soir je change mon nom twitter 	surprise
	Just found out one of my followers is gay didn't see that coming in grade school	surprise
	The awkward moment people stare at you cause you look funny I'm warm and your freezing your ass off! 	surprise
	alles staat in het teken van het maken van een marionet alsof je zelf geleefd wordt	surprise
	u just made my night with the u just topped a free dinner!	surprise
	Ingrediënten: een cadeautje zilverkleurig karton 2 pakken bami-mix marker (zwart) restjes papier en een beetje geduld 	surprise
	to eliminate confusion I used to live in Ann arbor 	surprise
	Seriously had no idea was on  tonight! It was a nice to see a JoBro pop on TV good night to a crap day	surprise
	De  sneldicht Piet: Morgen van 16:00-21:00 uur zit  daar klaar en maakt al uw dichtwensen klaar!   	surprise
	hah thanks Cate!! When I read that I envisioned me walking around and noodles flying at me out of nowhere  	surprise
	my mom had my Bean Boots sent to my house so much for a  on Christmas morning  	surprise
	 have a great time in Boston seeing   Anyone down for some good music  give  a follow 	surprise
	Lol the first time I meet my sister's boyfriend and he's half naked 	surprise
	 when came home for homecoming weekend and jumped out of the car when Kendall drove by 	surprise
	Adventurous night with and to visit in troy! 	surprise
	Helemaal klaar voor pakjesavond samen met Maaykeeex MichielApd en opa en oma  - eerst nog even eten	surprise
	ok nu moet ik van een bruine wol-bal-ding een zwarte piet gaan makenn d 	surprise
	haha okeeje weet yoch wel al die toetsen doe ik erop moest maken die zitten er allemaal op 	surprise
	Great paper due tomorrow and more English bullshit 	surprise
	Can't wait for Friday!!! It's gonna be awesome :)  	surprise
	It's Sunday  Seems a good day to pour my heart out in an email to someone who might not be expecting it  :) 	surprise
	Celebrating my besties birthday tgif's party!!!! Then casino!!!!!!	surprise
	well iowa sucks at basketball agian but on the bright side 25 days tell christmas?	surprise
	goh dat vind ik nog eens aardig van je Helaas moet ik er zo wel uit Moet nog aan de knutsel 	surprise
	ella 6ala3 3ndy alsabt this weekend Wednesday next weekend and thursday the week after Had to do it :p « bellah?	surprise
	Definitely thought beiber's  faggot ass would of won 	surprise
	Twinnys baby shower today 	surprise
	organisatie voor de 2 sintfeesten volgend weekend is geregeld nu nog inspiratie en vele gedichten schrijven	surprise
	Just saw a guy I thought was a girl all semester 	surprise
	:( Btw u do realise tht we r technically giving each other shout outs by doing this 	surprise
	i just thought about itnobody in my family knows about the new edition to my face :) 	surprise
	Wow my brother's actually pretty much on time tonight 	surprise
	Never said I was perfect but I will keep it real wit cha! SURPRISE	surprise
	Im walking to campus in the snow Yes you heard me Snow 	surprise
	This one direction thing is actually pretty interesting 	surprise
	well now ht I know where you two are going  let's meet in the magical field of rape! SEX	surprise
	by the way I have a for you nothing big but I figure you could add it to the collection	surprise
	Who knew cherry hill east had this much spirit   	surprise
	It's actually a really great day today! 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Hey Lovely can u give us all a clue? Xx	surprise
	voelt zich een beetje Bert en Ernie op een knutselelpee  	surprise
	I LOVE YOU GREYSON! 3 I am so excited for the friday :DDDDD goooooodnight!	surprise
	I arrive home and is sitting in my kitchen eating mashed potatoes !	surprise
	The library is kind of growing on me hmmm 	surprise
	I like the new   I 'm the sort of person that would rather write with a quill	surprise
	Just got home :) He bought Oreo Cheesecake and McDo for me! :) Had my early dinner at Flaming Wings! 	surprise
	we were they separated us at birth so we wouldnt take over the music world at age 8 	surprise
	Oh great a skinny bitch with a immune deficiency 	surprise
	Gonna look right now  RT mbaileythecool: Akon comes with changeable bar colors Look in the box !!!	surprise
	I think it's funny ya'll tweetin' bout my hood It's not surprising it made that show The met breeds hoodrats and gangbangas	surprise
	Ain't talk to my friend all day 	surprise
	Yeh and this is my cup of care\_/LookIt's emptyWhat a 	surprise
	I asked for a  last night and they switched it from a spicy chicken to a double burger with some W sauce  	surprise
	I don't know if this is a final but I am taking a test today I should start paying a little more attention	surprise
	Well hi there to you too! Its funny how the smallest things can make you so happy (: 	surprise
	wow! the version of Mysterious Ways by Snow Patrol I like it!	surprise
	Check out the 12 Days of Christmas app and receive a gift from iTunes every day from 26 December to 6 January  	surprise
	i love the face that rapist's make when i get into their van give them candy and rape them 	surprise
	ik heb mama mama heeft Daan Daan heeft papa en papa heeft mij haha =) 	surprise
	printed pictures today!! Can't wait to work on the book! 	surprise
	3 niños la paso 10puntos le vieras la cara de felicidad cuando en tutoría le tenía un comic preparado :) 	surprise
	Taylor Swift won again-_-   she always acts so shocked!Bitch you knew you were gonna win! Sit your ass down  chill out	surprise
	FIRO-B personality assessment told me I have low desire  low expression of affection Didn't need a test to tell me that 	surprise
	Can't wait til is home 	surprise
	Flash mob in English She didn't see it coming BAM! 	surprise
	guuuuurl I know I already have your presentI'll give you a hintit's not underwear 	surprise
	 iemand getrokken die ajaxspullen vraagt heeft iemand n creatief idee hoe ik een brandblusser kan maken)	surprise
	Apparently shoes do not fly if you throw them out of a moving vehicle 	surprise
	volgens mij is een  bouwen tegenwoordig makkelijker dan een maken zucht	surprise
	Down goes the gopherlove a good blindside! 	surprise
	Hahahaa awkward moment tonight 	surprise
	‎​[ ♥2011♥ ] you give me a lot of things that I can't   [ ♥2012♥ ] me	surprise
	Surprise! I know I usually only post on Fridays but this one is coming early! It's up! Go get it!  	surprise
	Thanksgiving Promo! I will have a Card Reading Session later in Nuvali at around 8pm Great discount awaits! 	surprise
	Im coming to stay with yall next week! 	surprise
	they sitting around talking bout walking in and out freely and his ass surely walked in freely 	surprise
	Learning count on me in guitar! 	surprise
	ik moet er nog eentje waarvan ik al op de helft ben -denk ik- Als je maar een idee hebt dan ben je al zover! 	surprise
	breaking dawn was pretty good if you still havent watched it wait after the credits! 	surprise
	grandma just pulled a knife out of the christmas decorations boxbeen lost since last year 	surprise
	Just met a nuclear engineer from Los alamos who grew up on the farm in Iowa 	surprise
	parents surprise me with a new tv woaaah 	surprise
	thanks for the hack emma but I don't have mono everyone! 	surprise
	Too freshcame home to a new flat screen TV 	surprise
	Yay my uncle from New Jersey is coming today! 	surprise
	Happy birthday and zach_lay! I'm glad I got to see you both I hope y'all had an awesome day!  	surprise
	Successful cooking fiesta!  	surprise
	you're not missing much he's just telling us how we are going to get cancer again 	surprise
	Rule of thumb when boozin with a group of buddies never be the last to pay the bill 	surprise
	Home bound! :) Carl bought me McDo and Snickers again! \:D/  Thank you for picking me up in school! :)	surprise
	ended up being front row for four year strong even though we got here at doors 	surprise
	So I pull up and my damn mama ain't even here 	surprise
	Lol the Wonderful life i live   yall just dont know but believe yall will find out soon ( : 	surprise
	you  justin should go to the wax museum  justin can pose like a figure freak people out -lol   AlfredoFlores: LA ✈ DC	surprise
	iedereen ligt al in bed ofzo en ik zit hier gewoon wat te verven enzo afmake	surprise
	 is expecting to work 15 minutes away from 5-10 pm and actually working 60 miles away from 9-5 	surprise
	MACURH NRHH if you haven't already email me your chapters physical mailing address I have a surprise for you!!  	surprise
	“ngrant60: Mandate tonight with    and I only charge 200 an hour 	surprise
	Things happen when you least expect them! :D	surprise
	when guys plan to ask girls to formal is really creative ways  p	surprise
	La SNCF n'est pas en grève?????? 	surprise
	Uh is that like a promotion? Just when I thought I was a shitty employee 	surprise
	It's your birthday today! FUCK THAT 	surprise
	expectedly unexpected   RT EricaKLewis: When u unexpectedly get drunk 	surprise
	ruvruvruv partieshavin a hard time hearin whispering to metwice in one week=lovemylife	surprise
	 I enjoy outdoors swimming and really engaging activities not just computers and games like everyone thinks I do	surprise
	Those cookies in the closet are mice I turned to something else so they won't annoy me anymore 	surprise
	Who'd have thought Arsenal would be the first (and possibly only) English club to qualify for the knockouts 	surprise
	the only clue is: with spoke about it n giggled before  Even if u guess I aint telling anyway 	surprise
	Drukke dag voor dochter! afmaken  cadeau   schrijven en dan ook nog    pfffffff	surprise
	The best way to start a Monday morning is to have a squirrel jump out at you from a garbage can 	surprise
	can u type Skype in about 10 min? I'm eating a turkey sandwich 	surprise
	Developing Browne Sugas film today 	surprise
	The Bee Movie on NBC is quite entertaining 	surprise
	Excuse me teller at the bank sorry I didnt have a deposit slip and that you had to do your job so dont be rude My dad is your boss 	surprise
	haha good girl! doing much tonight? 	surprise
	klein cadeautje inpakken met krantenpapier en dan cadeaupapier zodat het lijkt alsof het een groot cadeau is [: 	surprise
	Bon y fout lavouer je me fesait pas assez de pub mon blog etait normal et ma fan page paq assez remplimais va changer 	surprise
	Brilliant first Xmas present for my gf arrived today she picks it up and it says on the front of the packet exactly whats inside 	surprise
	Shoutsout to my bro u missed last nite me mikey spook da krew had a blast brooke threw mikey sum spectacular shyt! 	surprise
	Act 3 Scene  we unexpectedly arrive back in Pearl River 	surprise
	En route to Scarborough for a surprise party with a not so convincing cover up story 	surprise
	Ik ben benieuwt wie mij heeft en wat die voor me heeft gemaakt 	surprise
	happy birthdayyyyy  i love you so much pretty girl! i hope you liked your party haha	surprise
	enormous thunderclap -- need a clean pair of shorts now D:   	surprise
	making cream puffs for when mom comes home that's how much I love her 	surprise
	Lookin up red bottoms thinking if I should buy them for her 	surprise
	Daddys home 8 hours early!!! 	surprise
	Police outside the projects arresting a man 	surprise
	That moment when you find someone else's food in yours at HuHot 	surprise
	I love how my parents hide my gifts in the same place every yearNOT	surprise
	hahahaha ben jij zo lief om je buurjongen even te helpen? 	surprise
	party bus for da birthday girl !!!! !!	surprise
	Thanks guys A little slowdown due to the holidays then we have a in the wings for after the 1'st	surprise
	Headin' back hope we mae good enuff time to stop n see mom  dad on the way :)  ! Shhhh don't tell them!	surprise
	Exam starts in 1 hour BTW we just knew we're having the prelim 30 minutes ago 	surprise
	may +1 ka na mare Meet ka daw nya dun sa wedding Lol 	surprise
	Een teleurgesteld mannetje thuis Het kind dat hem had verpakte het cadeautje slechts in een doos 	surprise
	Dalijk werken en dan meteen door naar donna en the girls We hebben er zin in 	surprise
	trying to get on the 640 flight nowso I will get in at noon I'm not telling my mom though 	surprise
	Going to get hair dye! Black? Red? Brown? Blonde? Hmm =)	surprise
	So excited for a weekend away with miss for her birthday! 	surprise
	I get home and my Twitter app is completely different! 	surprise
	Mark Zuckerberg is a bit of a loner that likes computers 	surprise
	The bag of worms katie Pabst told me to put in her drawer escaped and made a new home in it over the weekend 	surprise
	Ah mais alors ce n'est pas pour eux que le Telethon se réunit ? 	surprise
	A pigeon just walked past me at my gate in Newark airport 	surprise
	a worth it what are we doing over break? Taco bell?	surprise
	Didn't move my car none today 	surprise
	RTMrKanyeWestJr: Classes Start Today It Has Been A Great Break Thanks To You ~FDU ENT~-- nasty ! (:	surprise
	as of todaay it's exaactly one week til I can finally get whaat I've alwaays wanted  :3	surprise
	belnesba lwazeer el dakhlya ba2a isa da eh wala eh ??	surprise
	That awkward moment when you're getting your car washed and remember you left a bottle of jack in it 	surprise
	It's DECEMBER?? oh holy crap when did THAT happen?! 	surprise
	Looked at the standings yesterday  saw if the playoffs started today guess who the would play-the 	surprise
	woke up this morning to find an inch of snow on the ground? 	surprise
	It's called acting tanyaquiambao& the Story i needed P10 yesterday then she told me to pay the P10 tomorrow So i paid 	surprise
	Serious This gal This gal here  No one likes this I was a commodity No happening but still 	surprise
	Aidy Boothroyd to  rumour is growing louder by the hourand some fans are already moaning before it has been confirmed! 	surprise
	OMG I just got so scared the scene when the squirrel jumps out of the tree this movie is hysterical	surprise
	GCMF is going to change a new Page Picture on our Facebook :] ARE YOU READY FOR THE ? Retweet if you're ready :D	surprise
	  I dropped cupcakes in the grass on our way to crash 's bday party and ate them 	surprise
	Found herb in my pocket the other day 	surprise
	Slightest brush and go down but its fine to kick someone and then tell the ref he is an idiot! Busquets on his arse again 	surprise
	I was suppose to be sleep 2 hours ago but I'm not so       RT if ya'll are true tweethearts!!!	surprise
	I probably did have homework over break but im just not gonna open my bookbag til tomorrow at school 	surprise
	OH YOU DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT THIS SMART ASS MOUTH OF MINES 	surprise
	Pakjes avond kan beginnen staat klaar rijm is af! Zo lekker met z'n alle eten en dan heel de avond cadeautjes uitpakken!	surprise
	Nog even klaar maken en dan Sinterklaasje bij opa en oma :) 	surprise
	there's been a breakdown in one of the police's founding principles: The police are the public and the public are the police 	surprise
	Picking Sarah up from school 	surprise
	Still not a Twilight fan but I'll watch the next movie 	surprise
	Morgen nog school vrijdag vrij op vrijdag: leren/ iets doen aan de surprise!  	surprise
	Home sweet home 	surprise
	Moms Made ChiliBt Im Not Hungry 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	One more day One more day One more day 	surprise
	I love the face people  make at me when I sing in Korean  	surprise
	Anyone else noticed that the only thing Abbott hasn't said NO to is the pay rise for MP's?  	surprise
	I feel bad for dudes sometime I mean if this chick can trick me???? Dudes just can't even have a chance til it's tooooo late 	surprise
	“CrystalSimile: Caitlyn has too much shit” you sound like my parents 	surprise
	So far I'm hating the new look  I have no idea where the DMs are  I'm sure that function is even worse then before	surprise
	Pour l'instant c'est de la Bâle pour les Suisses Manchester United Sommer  	surprise
	Sindsyg afslutning i Getafe Stolpen redder alle pointene til Getafe og nu ligner det allerede et mesterskab til Real  	surprise
	Ho appena finito di fare l'albero di Natale con mia sorella! Così quando mamma torna lo vede! ^-^ 	surprise
	No applause for Rick Perry 	surprise
	well jeesh where's the fun in me telling you what to buy me? you're supposed to meeee!	surprise
	Toch best wel veel werk zn moet ook nog een gedicht maken	surprise
	ur welcmeano gagawin mo s bday mo?!nabangan ko bday mokc lilipad ako janhaha 	surprise
	My Dad gives pretty good dating/boy advice 	surprise
	I always tell people I'm not much for surprises and that I hate them However I really would LOVE to be surprised this weekend 	surprise
	Already eaten mine and my brothers advent calender chocolate for tomorrow :s 	surprise
	Nothing better than hanging around listening to Childish Gambino with my dad Happy Thanksgiving everybody 	surprise
	When I find things at the bottom of shopping bags I forgot I bought  	surprise
	ils se lache la woooo ils deconnent moi jvais les remettres dans le droit chemin a MA facon 	surprise
	Coming home to Michigan for dads birthdayhe doesn't even kno I'm coming!  	surprise
	Just found a mint from dana in my pocket my day keeps getting better	surprise
	 heyy maria can u pass the potatoes and i got a tattoo! 	surprise
	wait a minute  knows how to tweet? 	surprise
	 throwing random parties in bio without telling ms Rowland beforehands Lol everyone would just show up with food 	surprise
	Just finished prep for mums 50th I'm SO ! May pass out into the tirimassu	surprise
	jk no nap for me found out I have a project due in 30 minutes I forgot about 	surprise
	good girl might make an appearance Saturday Have to wait and see 	surprise
	Under a blood red sky 	surprise
	today's the big day!!!!! it's been a good year and a half I'll miss you but you'll make someone else look sexayyyy now )  	surprise
	Thanksgiving ) haven't told fam or some homies I'm NOT wrkin tomorrow  	surprise
	Love my mum she's got me tickets to see billy Connelly live :) 	surprise
	Dankzij de winst van  S zijn voor school extra leuk!	surprise
	Nog 3 dagen en dan moet m'n klaar zijn 	surprise
	Amelia does shout a bit - singing with Kelly makes it more obvious Great stage presence though great together  	surprise
	 haha ill tie you guys all in to one post  	surprise
	Good luck Lenaaaa! RT selenaa_23: Walked into the last day of class to find out there is a quiz 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	i Love you so much Pack Ur bags Baby  	surprise
	The cool thing about having 65 credits is that even though I failed a 5 credit class nothing happened really 	surprise
	I don't think she know how good ima give it to her ? D3	surprise
	you are not aloud to know!!! This deal is for a very special someone :) 	surprise
	I want  to wear their trench coat with nothing under it ) 	surprise
	FUCK when ppl tweet they're every moveOh so you takin a shit? I could care less	surprise
	The trouble comes when you realise you've gone from watching reruns to living one 	surprise
	maken sintkadootjes  spreekbeurt over  voorbereiden en vanavond hachee op het menu ! Nu eerst happy hour	surprise
	Sneak attack trip soon? You and ketel on her doorstep RT ItsWhoren: vodka and boy band ass kinda night 	surprise
	A friend is giving her kids the surprise of a lifetime They are on their way to  I wish I could pull off a like that	surprise
	mau searching birthday cake buat simon aaahhh cake	surprise
	Actually don't taste so bad 	surprise
	Santa Clause isn't real some people think cucumbers taste better pickled  OJ did that shit 	surprise
	rude im never too busy for you! maybe I did get you a gift?? 	surprise
	in other news did I mention I cut all my hair off? 	surprise
	Last day as a blonde so nervous and excited! It will be a 	surprise
	Gedichtje gemaakt en spulletjes bij elkaar geraapt om een mooie surprise in elkaar te flansen!  	surprise
	Als je rug vast zit kun je haar misschien nog leuke kerstsurprises gaan brengen  	surprise
	Erm the elastic one is a man That's probably not a vagina! 	surprise
	Je monte dans ma chambre tout ce qui se trouvait sur mon lit et ma chaise (un sacrée bordel) se trouve maintenant par terre 	surprise
	we are like 30 minutes away from eachother  be ready for me to come visit!! 	surprise
	That awkward moment where your not wearing a bra and your whole fam decides to visit 	surprise
	Best thing about my job is the christmas bonus I always forget is coming 	surprise
	My boyfriend is Gunna love his Christmas present (: 	surprise
	Great introduction back into Seattle tonight 	surprise
	Not changing the date on your watch can seriously put a spanner in the works 	surprise
	wake up yaaaaa bum I'm picking you up in 45 minssss:) 	surprise
	stay tuned for our special  for you that you wont want to miss details coming in the next few days	surprise
	He'd say  damn I never woulda thought yo ass would wanna get wit me well nigga 	surprise
	Sunday was family day but i have studio for 14 hrs with a special somebody :) 	surprise
	Net thuisnu naar bed al op vanaf een uur of 5 Het was super gezellig! 	surprise
	That quick moment when you have a surprise for someone and that someone is coming to where you are 	surprise
	Meanwhile the commute in  is on hold while a train rolls through during rush hour 	surprise
	I got the Dec issue when I thought I wouldn't bc I forgot to reorder almost bought it td! Woohooo  	surprise
	Watching NetFlix the other day You were in Cairo Teller was in the hotel room He has a voice!!! 	surprise
	He dropped the ball Joe didn't deflect it  we won tho 	surprise
	Omfg  ik kreeg een ding van 20cm en daar in 3 cadeautjes 	surprise
	Thought it was a cinnamon raisin bagel  its a chocolate chip bagel	surprise
	Nog heel hard bezig om de laatste dingen te regelen voor vanavond    !!!!	surprise
	walking back in my room and forgetting i decorated it 3 	surprise
	so your harry potter dressed professor hates sex 	surprise
	There's just something about dancing with yellow spandex on that makes a person smile 	surprise
	Guest arrival !! woo so happy :DDDDDD	surprise
	 trying to enjoy Tron Legacy with a chlidrens birthday party happening all around us 	surprise
	It gonna be 2+ awesome wks Pal jetted in last night without telling anyone Got his call nw 	surprise
	Wat zit er vanmorgen in mijn schoen? Een paar sokken van Bonnie Doon!&   	surprise
	 ITS MY DICK IN A BOX GIRL! 	surprise
	Happy birthday to a pretty cool girl  	surprise
	Would have been nice to know the 100 word vocab quiz was today 	surprise
	Opps  I just reread your question  She does know the gender but she hasn't told anyone yet 	surprise
	i hate not knowing the road is flooded until i drive into it 	surprise
	zoo erg moe he maar wel lekker cadeautjes gekregen by 	surprise
	i was married 30 years and my wife surprised me by leaving 	surprise
	Swimming lost night in with Mike and hot chocolate won! 	surprise
	Home sweet home! jphelan4	surprise
	Good Night! Been ill for almost a week now Never taught I would actually say that I look foreward to school tomorrow 	surprise
	J'avoue que je me m'attendais pas a ce que tu recoives mon tweet live quand je l'ai écris! Insomnie toi aussi?	surprise
	Zo! voor school van zoon is klaar Zoon heeft ouderwets het gedicht met de hand geschreven puntje van z'n tong uit z'n mond	surprise
	lol my mama doesn't know my uncles coming to swoop me up fer the game :) eff dance practice!	surprise
	Sister came home for thanksgiving :) 	surprise
	no footballers on the sports personality of the year top 10 	surprise
	Got a letter from Cincinnati expecting to be asked where the hell my transcripts areand it was an acceptance letter :) 	surprise
	Chris Paul to the LAClippers  	surprise
	 with the night has more in store baby :) 	surprise
	I'm actually surprised by the treatment here they're actually helping me! 	surprise
	I prayed for the first time in a long time tonight   	surprise
	Little to old to be playing games not think? It's ok god and karma works in pairs 	surprise
	OMFG YOU USED A WINKY FACE OMGC and i have a really good idea on what that might be(	surprise
	My dad is hopefully buying me an iPhone today for x-mas 	surprise
	Cottonwood liquor store is our states most profitable store? 	surprise
	Can't wait till Saturday night  	surprise
	Finnah go watch this girl play one time  she better be serving 	surprise
	I only started listening to prince this afternoon but as a new fan its been a pretty great day 	surprise
	Net samen met jongste spruit gemaakt voor klasgenootje verf moet nog ff drogen gedicht = ze nog mee bezig dus gaat goed komen-D	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Whoa! My temple run guy got wings! 	surprise
	je vois que ça clash chaud ici après tu dis que moi je termine les gens!! Dis lui qu'elle arrête le coca aussi	surprise
	Oh Mise a jour de l'interface twitter sur  	surprise
	I got a slice of papa john's in my fridge want it?! 	surprise
	I was actually on time to school today 	surprise
	Hate people asking what I want for my birthday and christmas I have no clue! 	surprise
	Helemaal stukgelegen om t cadeau dat ik me broertje heb gegeven een houten legpuzzel van boerderijdieren xd 	surprise
	RG3 cut the small talk next time and just get to the winner cuz we all knew who it was gonna be	surprise
	the days are long but the years are short says how true especially as we begin december! already?! 	surprise
	Trots op mezelf! Net toch nog maar een fase van het project gedaan En weer boordevol inspiratie! 	surprise
	 to for being the 70th follower!!!! my associates will be contacting you soon about your prize!!! 	surprise
	Open my purse and its smells like nothing but weed 	surprise
	I legit just used my AP Stylebook for the 1st time outside of taking a test on it 	surprise
	Vernam kortelings dat James May van  alias Cpt Slow een muzikant zou geweest zijn bij Queen  	surprise
	Ppl should B careful when they pick a fight! Feel sorry 4 tha trick that is stalking my sis over a no good cheater 	surprise
	Generation Y would rather work in pharma than in fashion! 	surprise
	Man I miss my bff's  and Amdrea!!! Andy is gonna hate me when she finds out I'm really coming home! 	surprise
	GCMF Greysonators!! DO YOU LOVE OUR NEW PAGE PICTURE? C:& must read ALL THE WORDS on that picture! -winks- DDD	surprise
	hahahahaha I didn't know Asian girls could lift stuff that big 	surprise
	It's always a little frightening to stick your hands in the pockets of a jacket you haven't worn in a year  	surprise
	bout to visit you tomorrow for no reason 	surprise
	despite my negative outer layer and vile moods I don't actually hate everything 	surprise
	Ik sta op 't punt om m'n vriendje te gaan 'ontvoeren' Voor een surpriseparty voor z'n 30e verjaardag!!  	surprise
	WEEKEND! En het beloofd een goeie te worden :)    	surprise
	Obviously much more fun than working for state government ) 	surprise
	good lad where you going?! Think I'm up pure 	surprise
	GOOD NEWS!  I'll be releasing a remix TOMORROW!    	surprise
	Bus driver wrote up some dude for being a constant problem Wow 	surprise
	Red polo hat Mickey mouse necklace can't wait to see witch one I get me!	surprise
	last night was the best ever and I finally got on twitter    	surprise
	Scorgasm debut next Wednesday 11/30/11  I will be telling the person tipping he has a nice cock before we do the jump ball 	surprise
	My mom really thought I wouldn't wake my ass up early to go to the outlets wither her im ready!! :) Hehe She hates me 3	surprise
	I have this money but idk what to do with so I bought my mom makeup my dad a watch and sis and me I splurge myself a lot now!!!!!!	surprise
	Once again Taylor Swift writes a song with a really creepy parallel to my life 	surprise
	 can now extend service until 9pm for free how?? Guess you'll have to ask )  	surprise
	Big brother woke me up from my nap :) 	surprise
	Big announcement coming up regarding the iQ and Cineplex Stay tuned You'll never be able to guess what it is 	surprise
	Who's getting booted out tonight?  The confused  or naïve   is the name of the game! 	surprise
	I would love for the NCAA's self regulating ass to dig into all the other big fball programs and see what they find 	surprise
	even gedicht uittypen en dan klaar voor dansen en school 	surprise
	Whiny little TwitLibs are bashing Megyn Kelly for stating a fact  Someone on MSNBC must have put them up to it 	surprise
	My previous tweet was a lie by :)	surprise
	5 more tweets until I have 2000! This time around the  is coming with a rather than a mistake! What could it be?	surprise
	Parce qu'on me la proposait Sauf que l'auteur et mon amie ont oublié de me préciser que c'était une death fic *-* 	surprise
	Vol verwachting klopt mijn hart (nog een aantal uren)  	surprise
	listening to some throwbacks pretty sure im going to marry him one day he just doesnt know it yet! 	surprise
	OH WAIT  that hash tag is incorrect	surprise
	have a great day  hope all goes well tonight!!   	surprise
	On my way home a day early! Can't wait to scare my parents to death :) 	surprise
	Thank You God for the acceleration my Amazon package is expected to arrive within a month yet it has arrived after 12 days only! 	surprise
	Don't tell people how to do things tell them what to do and let them you with their 	surprise
	Just brought my wife  at work Best feeling ever 	surprise
	Hoe kan je gemakkelijk een gitaar namaken van karton? 	surprise
	so jealous you got a ticket to the game wish I was eligible since I might be coming back Saturday now! 	surprise
	I've started watching  I now think being a moral con artist could be a viable backup career Secret is: people are greedy 	surprise
	Just shoved a pillow pet in a freezer at Wallyworld 	surprise
	God god god ik ben dit jaar echt inspiratieloos!  	surprise
	The chocolate in the Kia deffos beating the mini or BMW 	surprise
	All I want is to figure out the mom left me that Im not allowed to open till the 6th Sigh	surprise
	I love it when I look at my bank account and I have $150 more dollars than I did yesterday! 	surprise
	Goedemorgenop de dag van de plak en knutsels! Oftewel hoe genadeloos kunnen we zijn naar dierbaren toe 	surprise
	I just found a cute umbrella in the bottom of the purse a bought! 	surprise
	Moet nog een gedicht voor mn pa maken 	surprise
	come home  my mom is acting really weird go downstairs and the christmas tree is up 	surprise
	It's after midnight so I'm allowed to inform you that Gunner Kiel is the 2011 Indiana Mr Football 	surprise
	Nee echt helemaal niemand die voor vijf euro een mooi hart wil papiermarcheen en verfen? 	surprise
	yup But no black this time I'm actually doing my nails again haven't decided the color :) 	surprise
	Had a dream about dryer sheets Woke up clenching a dryer sheet Must have left it in my pillowcase  	surprise
	you have to wait till christmas you know	surprise
	je savais qu avec les massai il y a tjrs une  pour les 	surprise
	Christmas is coming! I want presents! Love the feeling 	surprise
	Went to the fish store to get alex a new fish as a surprise but he was already there 	surprise
	Attempted backing my car all the way up my driveway Turns out I'm not that good at it 	surprise
	I just bought and the coolest hats at my black friday experience  	surprise
	makenWas het gister een make-up doosvandaag gaan we voor een tennisbaan 	surprise
	yung feeling na enjoy na enjoy kang nanonood ng oblation run sa UP Baguio bigla may kumalabit sa yo paglingon mo daddy mo 	surprise
	thankful my mom is out for thanksgiving :) :) 	surprise
	states for black friday wed-friday (:  	surprise
	 Je re Vendredi Ou samedi Matin J'espere ramené en pour une  digne de ce nom	surprise
	Uthappam! You're killing me Side note: I can't believe I remember what that is called/how it's spelled 	surprise
	Morgen toch wel spannende dag voor mams hoop zo dat ze het gehaald heeft 	surprise
	Apparently I attract bisexual girls under 5 feet tall 	surprise
	Poor texas AM blowing the game yet again in the 2nd half 	surprise
	negative you can wait til later ) 	surprise
	Had a test today But I still kicked ass	surprise
	I think my roommate is deaf She listens to the tv soooo loud  And no not for all you that think she's my only roommate 	surprise
	My sweet boyfriend showed up at my door with a chocolate chip waffle for breakfast  	surprise
	you poor thing but I have something that will make you feel better 	surprise
	Am in love with the flower bouquet that my Dept Gurl friends brought 2 me :')   	surprise
	interesting stat about Demba Ba  Best goal per minute of all 15+ goal scores in prem history! 	surprise
	leave it to me to bump into an old lady and scare her half to deathhahahaha HarleyAnnLovesU	surprise
	“RT no hoe lol” You better watch Out lil Nigga ! No bi*** you better watch out lmao” BEOTCHH !!!	surprise
	Just tried a pumpkin spice latte even though I hate coffee I hate it 	surprise
	considerin the fact i aint gave nobody head in forever thats funny they kno more bou me than i do hahahha they me	surprise
	Morgen ook begin met maken voor vrijdag - mama's nemen elkaar in de maling :-)  - en motie afschrijven  Laterzzz	surprise
	Imagine the look of when Mum opens her  to a  full of Jamie's Gourmet ! Email infojamiesgourmetcomau	surprise
	En daar rolt alweer een i-Pad van de band 	surprise
	haha you guys thought you were seeing Hot Snakes this weekend?! 	surprise
	Ohja! Een maand terug zei iemand: je kan altijd bij me aanbellen voor een kopje thee Morgen is hij een theezakje armer:) 	surprise
	Les meuf timides dans la vie sont toujours ultra chaude au lit 	surprise
	Rien est sûr mais apparemment un énorme cadeau m'attend pour Noël et donc pour l'anniversaire! 	surprise
	Me and mother putting up her Christmas Tree trying to have it decorated when Dre comes	surprise
	i have an idea (slight break from protocol) that might be worth trying for more sharing and networking )	surprise
	Whoa Lost is still airing?? 	surprise
	Basketball game yayyy:) freshmans not doing well do work today girl	surprise
	Told the family about our x-mas plans It just got very cold in this house 	surprise
	 Main name board of almost every public/private office/shops in Lalbaug is of Black  While colour 	surprise
	ah I'm apparently incompetent 	surprise
	ugh sick to my stomach once again 	surprise
	 Herstige 'gestampte' pot met superieure wijn en gesprek Wordt een vroeg  en  zonder  	surprise
	Lekker aan het knutselen en rijmen met een glas wijn ter inspiratie waarvoor dank ProefOostenrijk	surprise
	Haha made an appearance during practice today  	surprise
	Wen i get dis money im goin ta Cleveland	surprise
	 is booking a qantas flight and actually getting on a qantas plane   	surprise
	“Sam_JL: du moment que tu coupes pas  !” serait ce une menaces mon amour ? LOL 1 word 	surprise
	And in other news the Pope has announced that he is not a Muslim  	surprise
	because im softer  you snore sometimes (all the time)!:) i found the pictures btwi will show them next time on skype!	surprise
	hoiiii en jij zit naast mij leuk joh ^^ je kijkt net :)	surprise
	The  that has planned is mere hours away What do you all think it is?	surprise
	T:Im gonna find another funny celeb that shares Don's birthday  then Im gonna tell her when we're recording our next blog post :P 	surprise
	So tomorrow morning I will be leaving to Disneyland and staying for 3 days I will tweet 24/7and upload pics And a personal video 	surprise
	spread your wings and prepare to fly  ) SOON!!!	surprise
	its just sad that you support that guy and back him and he has no skillswow you like him :(	surprise
	I got to get my robber clothes on friendI won't let you know when I'm coming though 	surprise
	Just taking on  in a classic game of worms!!!!   just nailed two of the little mugs	surprise
	Nog een keer proberen RT JedidjahvZ: Ben voor op zoek naar (afgedankt)  Heeft iemand er een over? 	surprise
	A vrai dire cette journée est un peu spéciale pour moi je ne prend pas le taxi à 10h pour rien 	surprise
	ah pink3 im thinking darker hair and some purple )	surprise
	That new thing he does he learned it from the best sweetheart 	surprise
	Dress rehearsal is actually done early!!!!!! 	surprise
	Waaarom is het zo moeilijk om et idee in je hoofd uittewerken in het echt en word het nooit zoals je gedacht had? 	surprise
	Who knew a letter could make you so happy! 	surprise
	check your mail Please -) important for you from your fans	surprise
	Sometimes I like to jump in bed with people 	surprise
	Damn I missed shouting myself out for my 2000th  I reminded myself yesterday though It was a political tweet  	surprise
	going to the fair :3 taking my little sister to see santa lol she has no idea! 	surprise
	Ok ok I guess I can give some props Got me in a line to see breaking dawn 	surprise
	Sint zat te denken Help ik wacht al een week op inspiratie en die komt maar niet Morgen moet en rijm klaar zijn!!!	surprise
	Hoe lucky kun je zijn 2 krasloten 1 van 15 euro winst en ander 4 euro 	surprise
	eh kayaknya bisa battle asyik asyik coba dulu yaa *jadi dong yuukk :))	surprise
	Ach en hij had nog wel zo zijn best gedaan! 	surprise
	That moment when you see your friend in a commercial Hahahaha! 	surprise
	I go to my friends room Open one of the doors on his entertainment center and there's a sex toy 	surprise
	ik heb ook miss 5 pakken chocola thuis en 2kg pepernoten maar ik mag er nieet aan zitten xD --	surprise
	I met 'Bola' while shopping in one of our supermarkets in town (Kampala) I'm a HUGE JC fan what a PLEASANT 	surprise
	faceaw av U̶̲̥̅̊ bin??? U̶̲̥̅̊ change ur handle baaLouhlahSteez: hey sweeriewats up	surprise
	Bring me lucky's and she wants sausage surprise	surprise
	Got invitation   writing article for an online magazine 	surprise
	we all finna die on the 17 it's an early apocalypse 	surprise
	d nada anaberta!  T lo mereces :) pero nos dañaste un poco la jajaja xD	surprise
	Shola has made a massive difference 	surprise
	I would lose my umbrella the last week of class 	surprise
	one of goodies came in the mail yesterday! I wonder if he can guess what it is? :)	surprise
	Wow a friend actually texted me trying to cheer me up I thought it was just a twitter notification 	surprise
	Treasure trove of exciting old shoes in my wardrobe this morning :3 one pair is even summer suitable   	surprise
	Taking a hot shower and debating on whether or not you should get to the toilet or just let it all out 	surprise
	plasticsoupfoun ben op weg naar    heeft de  tas 0ntworpen en gemaakt  ! heel  30 nov Nieuw!!	surprise
	Ho dan ben je bezig geweest met papier-maché en kan je niks meer doen omdat het eerst moet drogen :(  	surprise
	Welp Gotta flat tire pulling through the ridiculous hole in my driveway 	surprise
	Soo happy my main man is outta prison 90 days?  next time we're sneaking me into the tanning bed 	surprise
	Zack Novak takes another charge on Mason Plumlee 	surprise
	Alweer in de kantine aant w8te tot ik van start mag! Zo veeel zin in vnvnd! 	surprise
	nog ff de puntjes op de i en dan is ie klaar 	surprise
	Hungry Jacks could feed the world with the amount of 'healthy choice' salad menu items they r throwing out bcoz no-1 is buying it 	surprise
	Gotta love when a teacher assigns a paper and says it has to be between a certain number of pages (5-10) 	surprise
	you hate me and didn't save me a seat!!  hahahaha	surprise
	The few The proud The Marines Internet radio can be diversified   	surprise
	Baaaahahaha Hours and hours over several months has finally come to an end product I so wish I could show you guys what it is 	surprise
	Having a heart to heart with  Getting to know the real me 	surprise
	im pretty sure someone is trying to hot-box our floor  always classy	surprise
	Off to mother in law's 70 birthday Shush it's a 	surprise
	hahahahahahahaha its REALLY funny cause you have no idea whats coming 	surprise
	Demain la  les gens qui comptais sur Ds la vont avoir une big :p	surprise
	Zo voor vandaag klaar met een begin is gemaakt:P nu zorgen dat hij voor volgende week af is	surprise
	Got my formal dress no one will be wearing it this year   	surprise
	If you thought Suga Free ( Dub Mix) was a banger wait until you hear what I can't even mention is coming soon 	surprise
	Ben net door heel be gefietst op pakjesavond 	surprise
	you are i shall prove it to you send me your mobile number 	surprise
	Bon je vais chez le coiffeur Je sais pas comment je vais revenir 	surprise
	There's still some people who doesn't believe I was originally born as a girl ! p	surprise
	Goedemorgen! Heb gisteren de Nobelprijs voor de Literatuur gekregen Ben er nog diep van onder de indruk 	surprise
	i put them in the teddy raffle prize for the blind school yer daft twat yer 	surprise
	Time for training! PT klant wil TRX Workout hij weet alleen niet wat hem te wachten staat 	surprise
	Morning after the night before No hangover no fear although waddya know the Missus has the hump 	surprise
	Shit I already checked my work e-mails and discovered some 'nice' issues to solve next week :-/  	surprise
	Awww Bud I love you more RT WhoWatchin_Joe: Happy Thanksgiving to my  fan love you see at 930 oh yea 	surprise
	It'll be ok I'm bringing something tomorrow that will make you feel better! 	surprise
	The moment when youre drunk and find out that your shreddin whis tomorrow 	surprise
	Met z'n 4en Sint gekeken nu lekker slapen en morgen surprise weggeven en ontvangen in Lopik!   	surprise
	Legit my hair and makeup is cute lol since I just wokeup	surprise
	well since we're confessing crap me and alejandro do make fun of you 	surprise
	Laying in bed with my kitties Even my cranky old man is with me  	surprise
	Get in my vehicle to find satellite radio hooked up thanks momma  poppa! 	surprise
	$876 million budget surplus 	surprise
	Finished Christmas Shopping!! Yippee! :) Now it's time 2 shop for family gifts!! :D	surprise
	Big is still awake DH is on his way home from the airportI'll let him deal with bed time 	surprise
	Want to let your parents know that you're gay? Tell them during Christmas dinner 	surprise
	Zo nog ff de laatste loodjes voor en  Dat wordt morgen weer lachen met t team	surprise
	So The official MV for Haru Haru Jap version is the original Korean MV 	surprise
	Oops I think I didn't pull Boondock Saints out of that box before donating it to the Hampden Family Center 	surprise
	Jeg har et skjult talent som forfatter Det ante jeg ikke 	surprise
	Happy that my dad WILL be home on my bday 3 (	surprise
	Managed to find Ailish out of 5000 kids at MotorpointArena  One happy kid to see us 	surprise
	I'm ok with work I'm licensed in cosmetology! Lol aka hairstylist/makeup artist haha! Bet you didn't know that! 	surprise
	Lol she thought I was xhoosinno bitxhI jus like ya pea xoatneva jump da gun wen it xums 2 me 	surprise
	Can I just say that is amazing 3 I found two Cranberry Bliss bars in my purse :D 	surprise
	Avondje geknutseld en gekunsteld om een te bouwen Dan weet je weer waarom je vroeger op school liever buiten speelde	surprise
	Brother's friend came back from Adelaide and got something to gimme I can sense something :DD 	surprise
	When someone asks me to take over a case I don't go back and double check the work I trust they did it right Trust people! 	surprise
	Le chauffeur du bus vient de demander au mec qui écoutait la musique sur son téléphone d'arrêter  	surprise
	Dit weekend ondersteuning bieden aan kind bij makenWas het maar waarkan het vast wel weer alleen opknappen 	surprise
	Hopefully dying my hair tonight (: gonna be a muhahahah	surprise
	Not telling people what u want for Christmas is the best Christmas is the name of the game	surprise
	so gassed about turning 18 he thinks hes a man your still a bitch	surprise
	So I forgot yesterday was pay day 	surprise
	Hier wordt hard gewerkt aan een voor j met visuele handicap Veul knopjes :)  	surprise
	Going out!!! But yet I dnt know where he is taking me he sayOAN: rIp unc Steve your at peace now love yu dearly : - ) *	surprise
	Best wel zenuwachtig wel hoor afscheidsfeestje van m'n werk waar ik al 12 jaar werkzaam ben geweest HAIRFRIENDSHAIR	surprise
	I have to write a ceremonial speech tonight and deliver it tomorrow I just gave a persuasive one last week :-/	surprise
	allons !! On peut pas tout dire technique de mariyah	surprise
	Special for a special someone at Christmas Show on Wednesday December 14th! You won't want to miss this!	surprise
	I'm gonna love you Till the stars fall from the sky for you and I  	surprise
	Just had my wine upgraded to a fume blanc Lovely 	surprise
	The apt is xmas ready Can't wait for my mom to come home :) 	surprise
	Geslaagde stockverkoop! En maandag mag ik iets super leuk bekend maken op onze Fb-fanpagina! :-)  	surprise
	still pray everyday that you'll just show up at my house one day 	surprise
	  won the '11  Championship over the  9-3 Nolan Arenado hit his 7th HR of fall 	surprise
	Ik kan niet meer slapen dan maar vast een gedicht voor volgende week maken 	surprise
	wat ben ik tog blij met de 3knutselbakken van mn zusterr (:  	surprise
	Have to buy a gift for the Athletic Training Christmas party tonight What to get what to get 	surprise
	got to and the rest of my family by coming home for thanksgiving!  	surprise
	Breaking dawnbetter than i thought 	surprise
	Any point against Bama is a good point to barners RT rosscollings: Great point on the half-time show	surprise
	Maybe I'll actually pass a class semester   	surprise
	wat een talent! Daar is jouw paardenmeisje vast heel blij mee! 	surprise
	Twitter changgedddd just screwed with my head a little	surprise
	Thanksgiving day I will have a great for everyone who follows me here 	surprise
	Yayay so glad you like it!! LOVE YOU RT DBenningfield21: Sick study package! Thanks morg_wray! I love you 	surprise
	Been home for 3 days and this is the first time ive seen my parents  	surprise
	Who's sober on the biggest drinking night of the year? THIS GIRL!!! 	surprise
	I found a idea which'd require me to draw 24 different pictures in the next few days :D Oh boy that'll be fun  	surprise
	oooh wat ben ik toch weer lekker creatief en wat hou ik toch van knutselen  hahaha ' voor eht laatst in groep 8 gedaan	surprise
	Ethan can say nice cute things sometimes 	surprise
	Of course the basketball players would make a presentation about sports 	surprise
	Can't wait to surprise my brother with his first gig tickets to at Brixton!! 	surprise
	Not actually really tired but I still don't wanna go to school	surprise
	i am hoping my daddy will forget that im staying home for his bday :)) 	surprise
	I just had an early happy b-day surprise planned by my lovely wife at the Avenue in Tallahassee 	surprise
	seeing today totally made my day 	surprise
	don't worrycoming home thursday night :) 	surprise
	My 19 year old cousin who didn't go to  modeling school because she didn't feel like doing the paperwork wants to get married soon 	surprise
	Watching Citizen Kane It's  on my movie list I didn't expect it to be funny and yet I am laughing! 	surprise
	Me too she was suppose to take but u didnt know lol RT mommakaayy: I'm super jealous that my momma is going to NY next weekend 	surprise
	no christmas cards this year but incredible art concept for next year 	surprise
	Dan ternyata banyak nyawa tertolong oleh defibrillator (alat kejut jantung) (selain mungkin karna faktor msh ada usia :p) 	surprise
	Haha leuk voor wie gekochtik mag morgen Uitpakken van ouders en maandag uitpakken van 	surprise
	cool thanks mate I've yours too Hope you like oranges :) 	surprise
	Just finished my  clothsno matter how busy i ami create time to her LOVE YOU MUM	surprise
	Happy birthday JASPER!!!! 	surprise
	A phone call tonight would be great 	surprise
	Aaha ça c'est encore plus dur t'es refaite et tout tu crois ya que toi qui l'a tu rviens en France et  !	surprise
	On va plancher sur notre BIG de Janvier pour nos fans  ! Ah ah!	surprise
	I love showing up to class and finding out I have a test 	surprise
	yea learnt the hard way! when he got upgot dressedonly then did I tell him it's not morningu have 3more hours sleep!	surprise
	Never to early for a red stripe!! All aboard Chewys  birthday 	surprise
	Woonkamer is verworden tot een warboel van plakband glitter en ontbijtkoek (gnagna!) met hierdaar een kartelschaar - dat rijmt 	surprise
	At my grandparents surprise anniversary party! 	surprise
	When the words you're writing don't pass through the part of your brain that actually comprehends them  	surprise
	thnx! een party! We gingen met vrienden eten en Erwin werd met een smoes naar een feestzaaltje gelokt! -)	surprise
	It's everyone's greatest fear Even if they don't know it yet Then all of a sudden  	surprise
	I want to slip a few hashtags into this paper just to see what my teacher says 	surprise
	Nothing says better than a morning call from  Good to hear ur voice buddy 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Hihi jawel  IK HAD JOU OOK VERTELD OVER MN ONENIGHTSTAND hahha ok en dan vertel ik ook nog iets/ 	surprise
	sooo idk if Brittany told you or notbut I'm going the iron bowl with yall Saturday!!!! 	surprise
	wow-did they really feel he had that much gas left in the tank? 	surprise
	Day 1 of Extreme Home Makeover Claffey Edition with staceyclaffey Hope appreciates his new humble abode! 	surprise
	Guess who's first in line at Yoshi's Oakland to hear Mike Stern Thanks to my amazing wife! 	surprise
	lmao U silly gurl Now u no dam well she issolo u got me over here laughing n chocking on this kush!!!!	surprise
	De technische basis voor 1/3 staat Nog even knutselen en dan testen 	surprise
	  Rendez-vous demain à 15h à l'Apple Store Opéra pour vivre un instant magique !	surprise
	really wish that you wouldnt have made me look dumb by saying you were so diff from all other guys but you did	surprise
	Now it's time for a boss evening to begin 	surprise
	Gonna pack and clean so I can leave after my final tomorrow Getting home a day earlier than Tina thinks!! :)	surprise
	Nouveau shooting en studio vendredi ! Je vous fait par des photos de se week end des que le photographe me les aura remis ! 	surprise
	First drunk person spotted withing 2 minutes of being in the city 	surprise
	due to the fact my dad stalks my bank account he probably knows what he is getting for Christmas 	surprise
	Don't ya know the bitch came back 	surprise
	bringing back my straight hair  didn't think i would 	surprise
	Maak ik wel even een nieuwe Een stomme 	surprise
	Going to this eagle madness looking like a bum 	surprise
	It's a small world Leaving Utrecht central station I bump into friends from barcelona So Well have dinner together 	surprise
	Hmmm let see if will make my night  me wit a follow  Show love to jersey :)	surprise
	 maken? Met ons bedrukte  en  ben je al een heel eind op weg!	surprise
	You came home after the service with your name sake or u forgotten so soon? RT Precious_Ajunwa: Visit ??? 	surprise
	Good idea Maybe if I wrap it now I'll forget that I bought it then  	surprise
	Ik ben egt een ramp in gedichten maken	surprise
	Didn't think I'd hear myself say this but I liked Tulisa  Little Mix's duet best 	surprise
	En dan kan ik dan verder! 	surprise
	I NEED a good romantic quote for something special 	surprise
	My mom comes running in my room and tells me to get dressed cause she wants to go shoe shopping 3	surprise
	Getting up in 5 hours to make my mom breakfast 	surprise
	 1-2 voor tegen  / Met deze stand is  de tegenstander in de halve finale 	surprise
	ill be waiting under the christmas tree 	surprise
	Gisteren Sinterklaas gevierd en ik kreeg een iPad met Microsoft Word erop 	surprise
	The all-of-a-sudden-phone-vibration attack :) 	surprise
	I really like  just have to really pay attention to the details	surprise
	Very happy to see Cena tonight Very interested in this heel turn build   	surprise
	wat krijg je als je zwartwitblauwgeel en rood mengt 	surprise
	my dad comes home today and we never told him I got a new kitten let alone two let's see how this goes 	surprise
	haha malinaw na unprofessional the cabinet secs that talked to Cobonpue etal hindi ko na alam bakit nagugulat pa 'ko 	surprise
	Just found a full pack of rolos Em left at my house! 	surprise
	that moment when you realize what you want to do with the rest of your lifejust might be happening 	surprise
	oh that is  well in that case ill wait to say it to u in person itll be a great 	surprise
	I have not been attack by a vanish egg	surprise
	Any one got a sweet place for me to live I think its a bout time for me to move 	surprise
	For Christmas my parents go shopping together buy what each other want then wrap it and put it under the tree ?	surprise
	go bieber go bieber with party rockers Nice a big to me oh and ur sexy and u know it	surprise
	Nothing beats a kindergartener whispering poo in your ear 	surprise
	Love when I kiss my boyfriend then he burps and I breathe it in Jon1093	surprise
	The highlight of my day was ringing the winners of our raffle A good start to the week  	surprise
	I accidentally found out who went  now the element of is gone!  I love you  astronomicalKid!	surprise
	What a great gift for my Secret Santa! cc glambr	surprise
	The entire theatre for Harold  Kumar 3-D smells like the reefer 	surprise
	I get caught off guard when the asians in the library are actually speaking english 	surprise
	teen mom 2 last night was disspointing same bs w/ jenelle 	surprise
	YOU DID I asked if you ever came in someone you said yea once but on accident and then told me it was with me -_-	surprise
	Zo af nu op naar om te kijken of ze nog een mooie  voor me hebben :-)	surprise
	HOW COULD I FORGET TO TWEET WHAT HAPPENED 5 MINUTES AGO?! I came home and my roommate WAVED AT ME AND SAID HI 	surprise
	Ik was net nog vrolijk ik moet echt van twitter af 	surprise
	I love rereading my locked texts from Guess who lol all of them are from sarahforks They just make me smile :D	surprise
	ah tiens ce cher soutient la corruption made in Aubry    	surprise
	I love you too! :) I know I made your present last year too but this is wayyyy better! :D 	surprise
	I keep thinking about how epic this morning was!!  	surprise
	Commentator hasn't picked up on Giggs second time throwing someone to the floor 	surprise
	wait for my new Psychedelic Trance track !! 	surprise
	2-DO 2-DAY :    KUDT SINT IK DOE HET WERK EN HIJ GAAT ER MET DE EER VANDOOR	surprise
	not completely play but still works	surprise
	Lmao telling the waiter it's my coaches birthday when it's really not annie_frame	surprise
	waking up to a quiet house? wow haha	surprise
	et il y a ma robe pour le diner de Thanksgiving dedans :P !! boohoofashion	surprise
	Guess what got delivered to my house today?!?! Not gonna lie I LOVE my Mommy Chola and boyfriend Mr Jose Tapia 	surprise
	I Hope Everything Goes Well Though I Feel Quite extra Being There? :O Hmm !	surprise
	Someone will make his return on WWE RAW Wait And See its a 	surprise
	So I guess everyone in my family decided to have babies when I was at school 	surprise
	dear jpii students be ready for a week of tests and quizzes over stuff you barely covered 	surprise
	goedemorgen The coconut isn't breakfast but intended for a St Nicolaas (Sinterklaas)  	surprise
	Me and Gage Molnar went to Kate's house every day after school 	surprise
	 put that  ring u bought inside the turkey as a 	surprise
	hehe!! U guys won't believe this: dad just narrated venye aliruka fence sum tym baK 	surprise
	1e is af!Morgen die voor mijn mama makeneen laptop!Ga ik proberenHeb nu iig alle cadeautjesDag is voorbij gevlogen!	surprise
	Een sintcadeautje van in de bus ik heb er maar één woord voor WOWWW!!  	surprise
	Did Kobe Bryant really roll up to the JCC (jewish community center) in irvine yesterday to shoot around?  	surprise
	Final product of my research paper is dooooooooone Before midnight too 	surprise
	When taylors phone's game has naked people in it ahhh 	surprise
	Work actually isn't that bad today 	surprise
	 roar back to form and it happens at the same time as Wayne Rooney 	surprise
	Its days like today that make wonder if I have a floating sign over my head that says Screw me over  	surprise
	I love finding things I never even knew I had with the tags still on it   !	surprise
	back in tampa a day early!	surprise
	Gang of school boys walking together Chanting Then I realised they were declining latin verbs  	surprise
	Stoppen ga straks wel verder Nu effe kijken wat we morgen voor les hebben en wwwdongemondcollenl	surprise
	Riding in a Prius for the first time I had no idea Shouldn't be this cool 	surprise
	I love a good surprise in the morning!! 	surprise
	I woke up this morning expecting a semi-empty timeline due to the fact that I'm up at 9 Instead I find a blog :) 	surprise
	last time Stefanie ran off  with the wrk What happened to her history I can't wait to catch'em slipping 	surprise
	Kan die schijnheilige dat niet zelf doen?!? En vanavond zeker met de eer gaan strijken :-(  	surprise
	Never once in my Engg life had I been to library Now here I am making it as a second home  	surprise
	 don't tell mom I told she may have wanted to you 	surprise
	Ik ben nog geen 5 min aan t schilderen en ik zit nu al onder de verf  	surprise
	Funny cause I have one for you come to the store tomorrow 	surprise
	Wow my brother might get a job 	surprise
	I just got punkd!!! Thx 4 the balloons and saran wrap! Youth group kids! Whoever u are! FYI I am 27 not  	surprise
	Just finished a presentation on voting systems for Politics Society and I'm still against Party List PR 	surprise
	ohh okok Ull get it soon mama don't worry 	surprise
	Another reason to hate Hitler: he made the subscriptions that fall out of your magazine Just when we thought you couldnt be lamer 	surprise
	didn't expect to see running round Victoria Park but there you go! 	surprise
	is het erger dan de vagina die een leerling maakte voor haar vriendin met clitpiercing? 	surprise
	got chosen to do a mini lyrical duet piece with lifts and such :) yay!  	surprise
	waiting for my teddy bear to get home in his bed( lmfao 	surprise
	Eindelijk heeft iedereen in het  huis door dat mike een loser is waarmee je niet gezien wil worden 	surprise
	Ecoute l'album de son ptit bn de bel inconnu mais c'est que c'est très très bon 	surprise
	that  onside kick was crazy 	surprise
	Fant Actress Pantha Du Prince og The Field på vinyl på Platekompaniet Veldig gledelig overraskelse! 	surprise
	Mega tennisbal gekregen met daarin chocolade letter en pen ) 	surprise
	When the time is right I want to b waiting at your car when u get off from a long days work with nothing but a coat and heels on 	surprise
	I love getting the lights turned off on me when I'm still in the bathroom  	surprise
	Don't shit me nor  me nomore I could  bout yU  yo  Ion give a fuck!!	surprise
	PSA: With bikes ( other things) you get what you pay for Cheap bikes are ( always will be) shite 	surprise
	-___-my brother and father spoiled the surpriselol I'm gonna call my grandmother and tell her we ain't comingLmbo 	surprise
	How the bizarre and disjointed-looking parts came up so bloody well together in the end SHOR IN THE CITY  	surprise
	 slick do  and once again  i have no time for you childishness 	surprise
	Apparently Phil is taking me out on the town tomorrow night in PGHto eat somewhere special? for once I haven't figured it out 	surprise
	 the best part is I don't think he knows that I know it's his birthday 	surprise
	 Zo!! Die Thomas heeft wel een hele andere stem dan je zou denken nadat je zijn foto gezien hebt 	surprise
	Apparently  updates my Twitter for me with game activity 	surprise
	So apparently I'm having my birthday tomorrow 	surprise
	I have to keep my mouth shut or ill give it away :O	surprise
	No more liquor left  lost my voice   ! Oh weellll good night ) ahahah atter again tmr 	surprise
	I saw breaking dawn yesterday And it was pretty good actually 	surprise
	Nu al een uur aan het nadenken mar nog steeds gééén idee 	surprise
	We were in that cocktail bar  someone had a Black Rat sticker on their guitar case! 	surprise
	did that this morning except it was one of those weird revolving-door types  	surprise
	I am going to learn German by this time next year and not tell Mark about it I'll just break randomly into German conversation 	surprise
	holy fuck i'm getting a brand new car next week  	surprise
	Cant wait to see that lil goofy smile!	surprise
	Im bouta go visit dee in Baltimore next summer but he dsnt kno it yet lol 	surprise
	Ewe and very weird& should the smell of this bathroom turn me on?   	surprise
	So happy i quit smoking cigarette step 1 	surprise
	Niggas with big dicksusually dont brag about they big dicks 	surprise
	boooooooo stole my garth christmas tweet  i made CDs!	surprise
	After my step son went to sleep I took his car and drove it around town until he was almost on empty 	surprise
	It's right towards the end if you don't want to hear the whole thing He does a shout out to you 4 me	surprise
	3  assignments due in an hour and a half 	surprise
	Messi Xavi et CR7 en finale pour le Ballon d'Or 	surprise
	 I totally knew it was supposed to rain today 	surprise
	Wat is een bouwpakketje? En waar kan je die voor 5euro kopen? 	surprise
	My moms gonna get nice wake up call tomorrow Her stereos turned all the way up 	surprise
	My phone died last night! I tried texting anyway lol Can't wait for tonight! 	surprise
	Hermosas las tarjetas de la inauguración de gracias a ! Son lo max! Gracias!Y los espero	surprise
	My grandma makes a brilliant drink we call River Water  Only within the past few of my 26 years did I discern it was fruit tea 	surprise
	Surprises are great when the person is surprised!  	surprise
	today My sister got her lip pierced found out jus now 	surprise
	well speak fucking english sis oh ps cyah friday gurl ~ 	surprise
	laatste dingetjes doen en dan ben ik eindelijk klaar 	surprise
	so my best friend just got stuck in a dress because she thought there was one zipper there was a zipper! (:	surprise
	Zal het eindresultaat niet tonen zit wel onder de waterverf lijm stift en plakband	surprise
	Afspraak met  vanavond om 19u in het  van  En de Sint komt natuurlijk niet met lege handen! 	surprise
	When your parents create your daily schedule for you and don't tell you until last minute !	surprise
	bout to take a bath relax listen to sme ♪♩♪♩ and wait on my )	surprise
	Lol I'm so evil My person served think their thanksgiving dinner is going to be a big mac 	surprise
	There is absolutely NO reason to fold underwear or socks I like to keep them jumbled for color selection purposes  	surprise
	Girl who drew them eyebrows cus u got me lookin around like somethin bout to happen wit them jacked so high on ur forehead 	surprise
	xlmami's dress!!! Who knows what color it will be!!! RT Gabriellegance: who is the surprise guest	surprise
	Making a cake for Jesus's birthday party tomorrow  : ) 	surprise
	I think the best part about going to college is coming home  	surprise
	Gonna have to delay some experiments and be in all weekend 'cause i fucked up  	surprise
	I love taking a bunch of stupid pictures on other peoples webcams when they aren't paying attention 	surprise
	Me and Zac are straight snackin in chemistry My teacher isn't here again 	surprise
	Since you've all been good this year the 2012 coords and bringing holiday cheer!  Don't forget to check your email 	surprise
	wishing i could be relaxing and doing fun things like all my friends but i'm working on a paper in gracie's 	surprise
	goodnight! Sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite :P (: love you 3 can't wait for the friday (:	surprise
	I'm quite surprised Egypt only mustered a 62% turnout in their elections More than us yes but what are those 38% thinking? 	surprise
	bahaha ! i live a secretive life :)	surprise
	Doing something for you It will take a while I'm leaving in a few but expect it this weekend 	surprise
	Mama always say anything ova a hundred is a gift lmao  So That Mean He Get It Back Right lol	surprise
	tycker livet är rätt glatt särskilt nu när det kommit snö på isendå ser man inte ens HUR glatt livet är! 	surprise
	the giants disgust me wasting grass like that      	surprise
	So much music practice to do tonight really happy with my uni result though 	surprise
	DIE weiß was man bei Musik tun muss! 	surprise
	Zo klaar met schilderen nu alles een nachtje laten drogen en dan morgen weer verder met mijn knutsel werk 	surprise
	Another win from Green Bay  	surprise
	Christmas shopping with the hubby in NYC~ Hoping to have all the kids together for the holidays this year!  	surprise
	Picking all the celery and carrots out of this bag of veggies 	surprise
	c'était un tweet borderline un peu mais j'attend l'image 	surprise
	If I get to house tomorroe and she's sleeping  I know the perfect way to wakeher up (: 	surprise
	So jake just shaved joe's hair There is now a creature in the bath tub 	surprise
	surprised you are not on strike today You love a ride on a pointless bandwagon	surprise
	Haren fohnen en dan naar anna heb er zin in! 	surprise
	well the moment has passed and my plan didn't work 	surprise
	ik doe t alleen om de kids die de pech hadden door die van mij getrokken te zijn traumavrij te houden 	surprise
	hey jesse can hit threes when he doesn't rush them! 	surprise
	Procrastinating viewing review of the Kindle reader suite A special someone's Christmas gift shhh!	surprise
	ON MY WAY HOME NOW!!! :D  Let the 3hr trip begin now :)	surprise
	can't wait till friday! and the mhmmwonder what it is )	surprise
	Playing basketball two hours away standing in the huddle look up in the stands is sitting there hmmm much	surprise
	Luisteren naar die presenteert op  vandaag niet via AM maar wel via www  Rebecca StJames	surprise
	Ok naar crèche voor knutselavond opperde een drol van ontbijtkoek maar het wordt vast iets braafs 	surprise
	Awesome shopping trip with and :) I only got one thing! 	surprise
	Goedemorgen allemaal Straks lieve Sint begeleiden naar de school van mijn dochtertje :-) zij weet van niets :-)	surprise
	Oh null you thought it was fa play play 	surprise
	Lord help us all Baby Boy is comin on BET!  	surprise
	Sports appreciation final I'm gonna miss this class it was actually a lot of fun 	surprise
	If I guy sang one less lonely girl to me and actually meant it I'd believe him 	surprise
	Mama think I'm cumin home Wednesday but I'm booked my ticket for Tuesday N when I get home ima just tell her slide and get me 	surprise
	my family is the absolute best and they love not only me but and as well! !!!!!!!	surprise
	okee even snel plaatjes van victorius vinden en dan omkleden 	surprise
	Ah ben tiens j'avais raison sur la happy end  	surprise
	nothing beats eating a meal on the road from macdons and looking through the bag and finding a couple fries 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Can't wait to see me lads face on Christmas morning! 	surprise
	Done with all my homework before midnight  Going to relax :)	surprise
	Has an amazing night planned out for  	surprise
	Sam changed from black cloth toblack cloth   	surprise
	nwatkins2: do people seriously do that? YES! CREEPY BOYS! Ah Scared the shit outtta me! Hate it when that happens	surprise
	in four flights / two days i will see my brother for the first time in a year time to dye my hair blond and feign schizophrenia 	surprise
	Peeked at my first gift left so generously by my college pal sue Think it's a cozy fleece from fabulously preppy ☃ 	surprise
	Unless she bust in n yell RT XtineSade: Raven wnt be back all day so i dnt gotta wear clothes around the room  like a mf!	surprise
	Just found out I'm going to Virginia on Christmas Day 	surprise
	Poor game management from the Jags 	surprise
	“domdevries: The moment when youre drunk and find out that your shreddin whis tomorrow ”Givee me your life right now	surprise
	3 of the 4 things on my holiday list include gold 	surprise
	Getting ready for a baby shower at work Here's hoping no one at work is following me on twitter hahaha Surprise!!	surprise
	Van Spanje tot down under staat een  klaar gelukkig zonder aldaar Van te voren alles op een rij dat maakt je toch 	surprise
	all that matters is we got out  Wouldn't trade it  & noble happy b day 	surprise
	Came home thinking that I was going to be on peace to my my roommate is here!!!! 	surprise
	Passed up black Friday shopping! 	surprise
	Hope my mom doesn't get scared that I'm home 	surprise
	Lady is getting a $30 M cake made w/ diamonds hope she takes that cake 2 feed all the starvin ppl Oh wait she's not 	surprise
	Had a fun day/night with and his family! Happy Birthday Blake  	surprise
	 de plaat op  en win een bij DJ Marien/Marion op wwwnradio2nl vanaf 2000 uur	surprise
	when your biological dad that you've never spoken to in your life calls you on your cell phone at 2 in the morning 	surprise
	Celebration w/the family Small gifts w/ crazy rhymes  packages ) singing and loads of yummy  sweets! ❤	surprise
	Even if I didn't sound like one I AM a big girl who can actually feel know  understand how emotions works ! :)	surprise
	Good mood for once out of all these days this week  	surprise
	Hard work van XNenababy	surprise
	didn't you have a very similar one of me appear on your cell a few years ago ha haaa	surprise
	En fait finalement je part plus seule en Australie : un pote du Roller m'accompagne ! 	surprise
	Ben wel trots dat ik ben begonnen met 	surprise
	Visiting Dad today guess im getting an ipad 	surprise
	There is also a reason why no one can use the 2nd area of practice room lmao I bet yall didn't even know about that!	surprise
	did you do the thing? my phone broke 	surprise
	Came out of nowhere! RT VaradVarenya: Whoa! Anna Hazare's reaction to  slap: Ek hi thapad mara?  [via ANI_news]	surprise
	Hahaha! Was expecting a hot model (or cosplayer) in one of your merch shirts for some reason 	surprise
	 when you bring up someone's birthday party and they didn't know about it 	surprise
	Estar en fotografía mirar a la clse de volumen y ver a una chica con la camiseta d rosa  QUIEN COÑO ES?	surprise
	That moment when you walk into your living room and is standing there and you didn't even know he was at your house:) 	surprise
	:P  Enfet c'est pas vraiment une mais bon  J'ai acheter une    j'ai penser a toi direct :$	surprise
	Een prittstift een prittstift my kingdom for a prittstift 	surprise
	Toi :p Nan je ne sais pas j'ai pas mi le nez dans la cuisine encore ça sera la on va dire :)	surprise
	The randomest greatest thing iv heard all day 	surprise
	Next country that's a threat to our freedom and/or is an oppressive regime is OIL RICH  	surprise
	50% d alliées c est pas si mal! Et les opposants sont pas tjrs ceux qu on croit  	surprise
	Hoe kan je gemakkelijk een gitaar namaken van karton? 	surprise
	Congressman Paul should Government do anything…  	surprise
	If you're ganna be two faced to your close basically best friends you're ganna get the shit that comes with it once they find out 	surprise
	This is seriously way too cutehehehe cant wait to give this to give this to him on christmas!!!!  	surprise
	Actually learned something today in class 	surprise
	throwing everyone for a loop and NOT drinking on the night where almost every person in the world is drinking 	surprise
	Just enjoyed Parkour documentary and unexpectedly found myself in the credits! 	surprise
	were u able to figure out if they found the pie for my mom? 	surprise
	Missing a friend's FL bachie this weekend but just sent some surprise bubbly to welcome them in from the pool  	surprise
	well your feeling was right “allisonrose3: I just had a gut feeling it was about me”	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Forecast for Queen Elizabeth Regional High school? Over dramatic teenagers 	surprise
	Lachen! Surprise van Tygo is geslaagd! Kadootjes zijn goed ontvangen die in de zat alleen zit de ontvanger met een 	surprise
	j_trufftruff: I thought you were trying to change yet another lie It's a shame Smh smh smh smh	surprise
	Harry potter weekend surprise	surprise
	Just ended a great day  Gonna meet friends tomorrow  it was pretty good day & wait for 15-12-2011 !!! 	surprise
	ohhhhhh i had to stay home cause i have to study for montgomerys test 	surprise
	Een brand op hart van nederland -__-	surprise
	Wow Julie is an hour late for me 	surprise
	Class Example: Battle Creek Cereal Co loses money off their product Bran Flakes Should it be discontinued? 	surprise
	My entire family is a bunch of liars but good ones at that: has landed a day earlier than expected! smiles ALL over!	surprise
	Toch nog maar even me bed in nog niet helemaal fit zaterdag hopelijk weer helemaal de oude!  	surprise
	My girl kept tellin me u never surprise me surprise me So I introduced her 2 my side chick oops 	surprise
	The gift that keeps on givin for like a week RT But i really just got him a cold for his birthday :-O 	surprise
	you are absolutely wonderful and I love you so very muchyou're such an amazing :)	surprise
	Whole chemistry class getting help from asian classmate 	surprise
	stuur een   voor 2dec  naar sintnradio2nl en win een op wwwnradio2nl en luister vanaf 18-22 uur  naar DJ Marien/Marion	surprise
	Only a couple more hours until I'm seeing Mamma Mia :) Better glam myself up 	surprise
	Mijn creatieve geest mag weer aan t werk! maken Fijn  weekend iedereen!	surprise
	Mom left all the stocking stuffer on the dinning room table :(	surprise
	 pwease:) hehe make sure you check twitta tomorrow( 	surprise
	It feels good to be back school 	surprise
	Guess I'll get up and cook some breakfast!!! :-)	surprise
	“YasminAddison: can't sleep  mess! You didn't say you were home this weekend! 	surprise
	Feeling the presents and can already tell it's a 1D calender clothes and a necklace 	surprise
	 gone get some tonite!!!! From a boy surprise !!	surprise
	i aint gettin none tho lol i dont even wanna have sex this time i just need sum luvn lol!! 	surprise
	  RT WARNING! MALE RAPPER FOUND ILL AS SHIT! FILM AT 11!! STAT! 	surprise
	what we discussed yesterday isit mrcarter? 	surprise
	Even wachten tot de verf droog is en dan weer verder 	surprise
	Hope I make & teacher cry 	surprise
	I hate finding something to watch on Netflix that makes you cry when you weren't expecting to 	surprise
	Non c'est pas drôle JONGHYUN DOIT DOMINER Mais j'ai trouvé un moyen pour te faire te calmer 	surprise
	I hope  had a great birthday yesterday   	surprise
	Even tho I'm mad at  I'm loving that I'm going home in 30 min And my mommy and dad don't know lol 	surprise
	Got the short end of the stick again 	surprise
	got home at 1 just to leave again what am i some kind of teenager? 	surprise
	MoneyBagSha: Cnt wait RT BViLLe_DiVaDiVP: I jus mite U ) )/ MoneyBagSha: should come out if u in town	surprise
	Coming home to a house full of food 	surprise
	Just to follow the crowdI have had a crush on you since sophomore year LA HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!	surprise
	my mom told me it was family night 	surprise
	Nå står det bare èn fyr i kantinekøa han er sånn smålig chubby langt hår og volvo caps Ja han kjøpte cola 	surprise
	i made your family something about ur poppy  but i want to give it to u in person(: 	surprise
	Minggu depan bawa slide slide agama pas sma deh buat kuliah yang ditanya udah pada lupa semua 	surprise
	Me llegó un cheque de estimulo federal este año tambien hay? 	surprise
	Good daynothing learning today ! 	surprise
	S/o to 's reaction to his surprise party  	surprise
	My mom actually driving below the speed limit 	surprise
	oh shit is live today 	surprise
	Nu lekker slapen was een super Sint dagje op school! Juf bovenbouw is wel heel erg leuk! 	surprise
	Waking up to sunny skies what a nice 	surprise
	Come home to find a spider in my room 	surprise
	Cloudy weather in Port Louis Now that's a 	surprise
	im going to DM you my number i was going to txt you last night but didn't have your number so i couldnt	surprise
	I thought that was waterturns out it was straight vodka 	surprise
	pff ik wou dat ik ook al klaar was! Het idee bestaat al lang nu nog de tijd vinden om het te maken! En dankjewel! 	surprise
	Bowled with my girlfriend tonight and had fun She didn't know I was coming 	surprise
	Grateful for the sudden ability to make an amazing omelette! 	surprise
	i chilled down a dirt road last night  	surprise
	yeah! 5 euro beltegoed gewonnen met   :) Nice!	surprise
	the holiday tag lines make it look like we care about customers 't	surprise
	We gaan eens even een rustig tv avondje tegemoetons metaal voorbereiden op een druk  maken 	surprise
	Um I guess I'm taking the ACT test tomorrow? 	surprise
	pretty awake for only 4 hours of sleep 	surprise
	when I saw my tweet was retweeted I did not expect it to be you So you get a special S/O for being unexpected 	surprise
	oh shit oh shit danielle causing problems at golden stripagain hahahah	surprise
	hahahah yes jeff said he left those behind for you  there was half a sausage too but we trashed it 	surprise
	I heard the song Bedrock for the first time in like two years or something Little did I know I know every word 	surprise
	Wie kan mij helpen Hoe knutsel in een roosje van papier??  	surprise
	Out of a 5 hour school day I had 2 lessons and spent 3 hours in the library ! *Nerd* ahaha 	surprise
	Guess what's on Love it or List it 	surprise
	performance with a comedian dell Arte during the startup competition o)	surprise
	Spinaach dip and sparklers HAPPY BIRTHDAY nabrotzkyy	surprise
	It comes with a snooki tree topper!   best part is snooki puts it on personally! ⛄	surprise
	No antiwrinkle commercial my skin does not slow down after 20 because I am immortal 	surprise
	Ugly meter reads: if beauty was time I would be an eternity 	surprise
	I guess what happens outside the bus gets shared everywhere!! But you're avoiding the freebie question 	surprise
	poor person who gets your blood they're gonna feel it lol 	surprise
	Haha I've heard it all before Can't wait for this to turn around and slap you in the face 	surprise
	I really hope she stalls this until Christmas It'd be a lot of help 	surprise
	Today is already off to a bad start 	surprise
	Just threw best surprise party ever for my mom's birthday ! 	surprise
	The book that I'm getting for someone for Christmas was originally written by a German That explains *everything*  	surprise
	people can seriously annoy the fuck out of me 	surprise
	 my favourite colour is blue And I have 10 tattoos 	surprise
	hell yeah excited for secret Santa I already know what I'm getting my person ! 	surprise
	Sausage in the stuffing this year?! 	surprise
	basketballi'm beginning to love you 	surprise
	My daughter said I really want to go to  I said Oh really she don't know I got front row tickets already 	surprise
	lol I'm actually at lvs right now! The calender launch was today so I've decided to make an appearance ! 	surprise
	Zo he die kartonnen dozen van AH zijn steviger dan je dacht 	surprise
	don't forget that mexican food recipes originate from Mexico and are dayum tasty 	surprise
	Coming home from camp to a whole new redone room!!!!!!  	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Doubt I'll get a message from you today Won't be a 	surprise
	walked into A bank n was greeted w 'hello Mrs H' n I was like WOW1st time ever Bank staff remembers customer's name 	surprise
	I thought this would be worse but it's actually not too shabby 	surprise
	Love when you are going to buy something anyway and then you get to the counter and it's on sale 	surprise
	My mama think im at work on her Bday today Now why would i do that? 	surprise
	Brown boots came with black ribbon laces I want pink 	surprise
	Straks het verband eraf halen ben benieuwd of de tattoo het overleefd heeft En hoe het eruit ziet Kan ook w88 tot 5dec 	surprise
	nog stukje van gedicht maken nog steeds hahaha 	surprise
	dinner at sawa! happy birthday 	surprise
	My brother turned 10 today! It was just yesterday when he was a child Can't wait to go to his school to drop of his birthday stuff 	surprise
	Maak als surprise een lege kartonnen doos en noem het een  	surprise
	your family in  this  and buy them food online and they pick up from local store  	surprise
	I have decided to end my English presentation with an Ahnold clip from Total Recall lol 	surprise
	I'm going to head home tonight but I told my mom I was coming tomorrow 	surprise
	my girl just surprised me with a whiskey  coke 	surprise
	Thanksgiving lunch ended in an arguement about sports 	surprise
	Just thought everyone should know that I'm half black  	surprise
	Net een lijst ingevuld met vaste kosten straks in mijn huis ed En guess what? Ik geef meer aan mijn auto uit dan het gemiddelde! 	surprise
	My Nana sucks at hiding stuff  She just said she got me a car 	surprise
	Bout to make an appearance here at this tourny 	surprise
	Sat next to annoying lady on train who's reading my laptop screen! She's very interested but I've typed what are you looking at 	surprise
	no knobber!! Hard rock to get away from the  should I be looking forward to we will rock u then!? 	surprise
	Takin a nap then making something yummy for someone special:)	surprise
	Weer thuis van een goede en leuke kennismakingsgesprek FortecEindhoven Nu verder met en 	surprise
	Timeline half filled with school people 	surprise
	 Shooter Hunt was selected by the  in the AAA portion of the Rule 5 draft 	surprise
	found her iPod after leaving it at a party a year and a half ago   wants a mention	surprise
	People who think I'm weak enough to stay around and take their bs I'm gone!	surprise
	Got a surprise for y'all comin after New Years sometime with a bricksquad monopoly member! 	surprise
	Dan kom je by je bed  ligt er een chocoletter in 	surprise
	Weet er alles van! Morgen weer verder met Wat een feest toch ben er alweer klaar mee!! Suc6 met 	surprise
	My Daddy doesn't know me  my son will be at the airport tomorrow when he touches down! Hehe 	surprise
	Yes lady i did understand you talking spanish about me wearing shorts Yes i did respond in gramatically correct spanish 	surprise
	Best okee boxjes komt wel een beetje radio-geluid uit Maar hij is dan ook €15 	surprise
	To Twitter  Facebook Police- Santa Clause isn't real some people think cucumbers taste better pickled  OJ did that shit 	surprise
	Looking forward to get this done and seeing the reaction from my beautiful gf  if you ask I won't say what it is 	surprise
	That awkward moment when you buy your bf a ticket to Soundwave for Christmas and then he breaks up with you  	surprise
	Hopsakaas alle sinterklaascadeautjes  in de pocket! Nu alleen nog wat gerijmbijm en geknutsel en gefrutsel  	surprise
	The soundtrack of 'Love Ka The End'  Okay okay I know its by THE RAM SAMPATH but Delhi Belly hadnt arrivedchill	surprise
	Just when i thought my heart couldn't get any more broken 	surprise
	So this is the feeling you get when you've been productive for an emtire day?!?!?!? 	surprise
	Leave it to Mr Brown to make my day better 	surprise
	Ik ga slapen want ik ben moe en ik heb morgen zeker wel nachtdienst 	surprise
	Proud owner of a new tele from my parents but I was ready to pay I'm gonna    	surprise
	That was actually a pretty awesome party :) 	surprise
	OHhh My biryhday had same as at Independence Day of Albanii all good wishes THANKS :)	surprise
	Just sent my mum to the shops to buy me dinner let's see what she comes back with 	surprise
	I honestly didnt think I was capable of obtaining this much knowledge 	surprise
	Only thing getting me through this day is mj playing on the radio miss ya! 	surprise
	Everyones jumping while watching this so called scary movie I have yet to see something scary me	surprise
	Horrendous traffic leaving preston 	surprise
	I put headphones in my ear so people won't talk to me 	surprise
	S/O to for buying my lunch!!! Made my day!! What a great :)	surprise
	Oh Yes I should check my email about that Oh hey look! A package is waiting there 	surprise
	for my moms actual birthday im taking her shopping whatever she wants shes getting good thing is she dont know this yet! 	surprise
	Man city winning again 	surprise
	You may have blacked out last night but I guarantee you remember what happened this morning/afternoon 	surprise
	My best friend from FL showed up on my door step today out of nowhere! I'm so happy!! :) 	surprise
	Ok wie weet er een website waar ik een redelijke bouwplaat kan krijgen van een starwars schip kan krijgen? 	surprise
	From what I understand I have 5 papers due Monday? 	surprise
	Wow for 'super girl' KARA !! 	surprise
	That's fucked up I would kill you RT blo_mi: Just killed a spider and put it in my sisters bed 	surprise
	i have such a cute idea for christmas friday! hope i have time to do it its a :)	surprise
	Zo m'n auto is weer (even) schoon nu m'n huisje opruimen afmaken en dan richting !	surprise
	same here w/ my lip Can't wait til I go visit her haha 	surprise
	Just cooked a world class meal Surprused my sister she didn't know I was a chef in disguise:)  	surprise
	PITBULL JOINED THE HALF TIME SHOW 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Hoop maar dat mn man me het in dank gaat afnemen met knipoog	surprise
	My dad just text me asking when I'll be there today I'm not coming	surprise
	Has returned from dog walking with a frozen face I now have only David Guest's expression 	surprise
	Updated  status as I miss my brother next minute got to know from my Mom he is on his way home   	surprise
	 I came off smallworlds for months nd wen i came back ! they changed ett up alot !! omgie im loving it nw !	surprise
	3 word maybe ill go over there for a weekend :D lol	surprise
	There is something different about the world today I'm feeling something I didn't think I'd feel again Never underestimate life 	surprise
	Op dit moment is Man United uitgeschakeld in de CL!! 	surprise
	crazyGFprobz: should i tell u im coming over or just show up and prepare myself for the worst  hahaha!	surprise
	date night tonight with my sweetheart wonder where were going its a :)	surprise
	pink sparkle fall pasta read paint 	surprise
	I just rec'd the 1st show name for 2012/13 Season! It's for me to know and you to find out It's a 	surprise
	Getting ready to hop on a plane 	surprise
	Working on Christmas present 	surprise
	colby is drunk and pulled an all nighter  and hes got a test in an hour 	surprise
	Okee weet iemandd een leuk cadeautje voor een jongen van 14?  	surprise
	Heeft er heel toevallig iemand nog een paar ballonnen thuis liggen? (: 	surprise
	“Osundell: Alltså detta kommer kanske som en liten chock men: jag har faktiskt också haft sex” FYI - jag med 	surprise
	I love when my dad fills my tank :)	surprise
	GOOD- we had family pictures that was whats upall the kids for their grammy u know can't wait	surprise
	Net terug van het shoppen Ik benijd Sinterklaas niet wat heeft die man een zwaar beroep Zie maar eens iets leuks te vinden!	surprise
	Joda estoy esperando en el cuarto de mi hmna con las luces apagadas para que cuando llegue prenderle la velita :) 	surprise
	Weekend was top! Surprise inkopen zijn ook binnen!  Nu lekker slapen!	surprise
	SERIOUSLY THE HAPPIEST GIRL IN THE ENTIRE WORLD RIGHT NOW!! 	surprise
	we sugest check outsider Facebook one of the most newest hotel in Punta Mita for your followers special treatment 	surprise
	Zoon heeft een super gave gemaakt Mag 'm alleen niet op Twitter zetten Zijn reden? 'Anders is het toch geen surprise meer!!'	surprise
	Thuis en al gegeten nu ff maakhuiswerk maken en dan naar dorp 	surprise
	That moment when you're having sex and this huge loud random ass slap comes outta nowhere  	surprise
	Yes i remembered yesterday she'd joined so looked at your following list to find her username She's not tweeted for ages! 	surprise
	Movies tonite wit ma queen bgot big day tomorrow! hahaha	surprise
	I won't read it if you don't! Haha 	surprise
	Les petits Yakaz ne savent pas à quelle sauce ils vont être cuisinés ce soir   Ca va être très drôle 	surprise
	Excited about the idea of college lately 	surprise
	Brought Duncan to the black friday urban sale hahahah 	surprise
	hahaha!!!!!! my mom did that last week She set it on the table i drank it thinking it was coffee 	surprise
	 skating at an ice rink when a cute blonde guy falls on you its :O	surprise
	 you walk out the shower in a towel n theres boys gettin off the elevator  lol	surprise
	Happy birthday !!!!! So happy I'm able to celebrate it with you! 	surprise
	I've got 2 or 3 BIG artists I'm working with V Soon Can't say on here tho The walls are listening ha ha :)	surprise
	have you gift! Hope you like it! It's hand made and you can wear it ! It'll keep you warm! Lol 	surprise
	WTF she damn near a super model she must think I have money lol 	surprise
	I've got something out of the freezer for tea Not actually sure what it is though as I can't remember 	surprise
	Torn between two beautimous dresse for Kayla's new years eve party That she doesn't know she's having yet ) 	surprise
	Ma folle mi la Martinik pren douvan Miss Guadeloupe! Mouahaha! Sois en fière! Krkrkrkr! Sous le choc!	surprise
	Apa yang cute? Hehe Miss you more! :) Take care too bff ♥ 	surprise
	2 Duke possessions 2 Tennessee fouls 	surprise
	… et t'as pas encore tout vu !!! 	surprise
	I will forever remember the day I found an autographed X-Men  in my comic collection 	surprise
	Shocking!! RT It's after midnight so I'm allowed to inform you that Gunner Kiel is the 2011 Indiana Mr Football 	surprise
	I never knew Mila Kunis was the voice for Meg on Family Guy 	surprise
	I don't know why but I think I might like working daily with my mom  )	surprise
	i rebooked my ticket to home and will arrive 2 days earlier  :)	surprise
	I thought it cudnt get worse and guess the fuck what 	surprise
	I live when friends come over with Buddha 	surprise
	just undressed to take a shower then realized all the shades were up  	surprise
	I be forgettin I'm followin these celebrities til they pop outta nowhere wit a tweet nigga	surprise
	im bout to go meet his ass so I can do just that!! Lol He just dont know 	surprise
	Zo de kado's gekocht voor het  van nu nog maken en  schrijven	surprise
	nous aussi! ) C'est maintenant confirmé! Nous aurons toute une activité pour la Nuit Blanche de MTLenLumiere! 	surprise
	hehe otay I coming to your game this weekend 	surprise
	Maar is een keer aan mn gedicht beginnen voor morgen en morgen na school ook maar even cadeautjes kopen 	surprise
	Oui! y'a des questionnaires ' tout la j'ai une autre prof donc je sais pas encore mais on verra x)	surprise
	Net halfuur bezig geweest bij de kraan om de lijm erg te krijgen  	surprise
	Early S/o to my moms for buying me food later on this week !	surprise
	Fuck you stupid asshole you don't mean a damn thing to me All you are is a lie lmao You make me fucking laugh  	surprise
	Chercher ses filles a l'ecole pour les emmener au mac do 	surprise
	Thought I had tests in two of my three classes today Turns out I was wrong it was actually three of my three classes had tests 	surprise
	First night of break and I'm working 	surprise
	My mom is watching the Lady Gaga Thanksgiving special She chose to I had no say in the matter 	surprise
	so i guess ur ditching me on the hole idea to go to terre haute? 	surprise
	  Kulula it's time to realise your best is just not good enough KelliDeeLunsky	surprise
	My momz on her way over my mema house (thats where I am at) she has no clue im home! Lmao 	surprise
	Rondje online shopping gehad Nu DIY klusjes en vanmiddag irl shopping 	surprise
	Found 2 rolls of film to develop but have no idea what pictures I took 	surprise
	vnaaf nog t gedicht opschrijve en morge dat gat make 	surprise
	When we arrive home today we'll come bearing some 'gifts'!!! 	surprise
	The smells of private study rooms never cease to amaze 	surprise
	happy birthday have a good one	surprise
	just spent $218 on karmaloop without consulting you i hope you approve 	surprise
	A tad bit sad that this is my last poetry class with these crazy folks Who woulda thunk it?  	surprise
	Giants huge gain brother screaming brother comes upstairs giants fumble brother goes back downstairs 	surprise
	My can veggie beef soup was outstanding 	surprise
	well thats funny cause i was just tweeting you telling you to make it to me YAYYYY! 	surprise
	I f you have to put up with it at least have some funadding to the load 	surprise
	Gonna watch another episode of The Good Wife 	surprise
	cheers playaaaaaa ) heard you left that out when telling vaughany what a hah see you Monday I guess?!	surprise
	Wilde vandaag gaan  en mijn afmaken in plaats daarvan lig ik  in bed met een geimproviseerde kruik	surprise
	Tiger Woods won 	surprise
	omg but wait my mom got done early so shes coming to get us NOW 	surprise
	We sign around 4000 new businesses every day About 60% of the top 100 universities in the US are on   	surprise
	 has raised €3bn from its citizens to finance its debt This is no longer piddling amounts nearly €300 per person 	surprise
	the one thing i am not picky about is food 	surprise
	I'm not telling my mum  sisters that I'll be home before them ^_^	surprise
	I love you! The dean is here too RT MsTasia2U: Tuning in to the show!!	surprise
	Maandag alle zaken doornemen mbt Twinfield UK Erg leuke nieuwe dingen ontwikkeld Moet zo wel tot succes leiden 	surprise
	Één keer per jaar zoek ik me een ongeluk naar lijm plakband en andere knutselspullen het idee is het halve werk 	surprise
	Moms bday today Gonna ship something just a few days late I bet she will just figure I forgot and boom  	surprise
	No matter how many marathon  episodes you see view there is always a new one episode you've missed 	surprise
	missed you this morning i might just sneak into your room to cuddle later 	surprise
	Congrats on your pretty new car! 	surprise
	 my Daddi wouldn't let me leave my room the morning of my birthday and cried a million tears thinking he forgot !	surprise
	Ask me what you want I prepare a little video for the end of the year ! 	surprise
	Tja ik had gerekend op een heerlijk ontspannen avondje en dan opeens zo'n telefoontje! :(	surprise
	en dan uitgerekend degene hebben die niks wil hebben  	surprise
	Zoekende naar idee voor iemand  die 2x (heen-terug) met auto over zijn  notebook is gereden Iemand leuk idee? 	surprise
	48 hours and a few minutes until  is over Forget what my upper lip looks like 	surprise
	I really hope that your not naked when you come in your room I decided to come up from the basement 	surprise
	I have the greatest friends Good laughs tonight   	surprise
	Mom got me clothes for Christmas man I miss the 	surprise
	Thanks yoyoitshanna goshdasha and many others for the incredible  party!!!!  Best birthday yet!! 3 you all!	surprise
	oh yeah i forgot he was playing oh well he will get a big when he gets home	surprise
	Dat was een aangename verrassing met een delegatie van Zalk en MBG gespeeld voor de  	surprise
	Vannacht eindelijk weer eens goed geslapen! :-)  Vandaag nog even werken en dan weekend vol   	surprise
	Wife's Christmas gifts?  Check  	surprise
	Accidentally spent alot in vs but they gave me a vs fashion show shirt free 	surprise
	my mom just told me we're staying in kansas another day i have no clean clothes to leave in	surprise
	Rape Is Such a strong word I prefer the term 	surprise
	Ready for next week  day got to get my christmas things ready :) he's going to LOVE his gift 	surprise
	want my buffet you fucking gay 	surprise
	Mission accomplished! Thanks to glyzzlenapenas    and to the 3E1 people! I love you MasteerrG! :* 	surprise
	Car door was frozen this morning surprise	surprise
	 que me regalen lo que yo quiero sin que supieran que era lo que queria :D	surprise
	thank god my mom bought me a snowman kit too !!!!!	surprise
	 I eat my daily advent calendar  ) 	surprise
	Excited for tomorrow's plan on  birthdaaay! Yeaaay 	surprise
	Spent the past half hour capturing lovely photography on 's camera  )	surprise
	Wij zijn los 14 man zoeken een plekje in het huis om te gaan knutselen 	surprise
	K ga op 5 december een vuilniszak voor iemand zn deur leggen aanbellen en dan keihard wegrennen  :$	surprise
	walking in on your friends planning your birthday 	surprise
	Had an awesome weekend with the girlfriend 	surprise
	Unlocked my house door and there was a kitten sitting in my living room  	surprise
	Cindy Crybaby oops I mean   to miss the next 2 games? 	surprise
	I was just waiting for that goal to happen  not really I guess we're out!	surprise
	stalking a squirrel he has no idea I'm about to catch him 	surprise
	Flowersgifts kept in the carvenue all set      Guest of honor do not know thing that we going to a party arranged for them! 	surprise
	Got in the car this morning and there was a chickfila waiting on me! 	surprise
	Pretty snowfall lump o' dried cat barf found in couch Tempted to keep drinking tea  pretend I never saw it 	surprise
	 you've now been upgraded from the chick who will do anything to the main side chick 	surprise
	Taking a detour on my trip to go see my brother :))  	surprise
	 zijn naar school Gauw lijm schaar paper en karton tevoorschijn  Even druk met m'n  	surprise
	Wally Amos is black 	surprise
	Just had social psychology training session  Turns out none of us are psychopaths   	surprise
	wow your girlfriend is pretty   	surprise
	I'm so excited for tomorrow morning 	surprise
	Echt klaar met surprise? Het beste nieuws van deze week ik slaap vanacht dan weer gewoon thuis! :-) 	surprise
	Wait I love when my friends come home from college   	surprise
	has no motivation to do anything tonight surprise	surprise
	did michael give any extra info on the presentation? All thats on moodle is the question and idk what else he wants 	surprise
	Final Exam in Computers and Society 	surprise
	dowdy didn't turn up to training 	surprise
	Surprise party for my friend cupcakes sang happy birthday in the middle of the food court she was  hehe ( !!	surprise
	Wondering when I should tell my mom I invited 4 touring bands that will be in town over for Thanksgiving dinner Probably soon 	surprise
	Is waiting for his sexy GF to come home from  Hope she likes my surprise  	surprise
	ik wou jou heel persoonlijk benoemen dus die is nog in de maak!  	surprise
	i understand now why they do not announce this stuff anymore   where is conversation thread in new twitter?	surprise
	can't wait to see his face tomorrow :D 	surprise
	: RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	awww is finally a big girl ) 	surprise
	Too many people that I DONT KNOW here!  they supposed too be my family 	surprise
	yeah I'm getting the vineyard vines pants I might whip out the Loudmouths for winter formal next year WillBernish	surprise
	Girls that act talk and dress like hoes 24/7 and then are actually surprised when guys always treat them like a hoe  	surprise
	 Wow more  already!? I absolutely didn't expect that to happen! Thanks for sharing!  	surprise
	school was fun today 	surprise
	so the show in boston was so epic i decided im coming to another show but im not gonna tell you which one ) 	surprise
	Lock em in a factory Have em attempt escape using a device that manipulates space-time Promise cake Don't deliver 	surprise
	so anxioussss i cant wait to buy these damn things ! 	surprise
	Got ur pressie already Its not that bt u wont be disappointed )	surprise
	Writing a poem while the Sun has returned and the train is almost in Utrecht 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	AaallllllI have left for this paper is the conclusion!  8 paragraphs down and 1 to go!  Gotta get ready for work!  I'm late!  	surprise
	sweet little intimate birthday party tonight Hope you got all you wished for Jay!	surprise
	when in my 19 years of existence have I wrote like that? And good job 	surprise
	And all my friends are busy to come to the group photo I am glad that my real graduation is still in   	surprise
	Don't you love when  don't give you a grade or tell you where you stand till the end of the semester 	surprise
	i like it when you say dat word IT was like when you sing IF I WAS A BOY by Byoncelove your voice	surprise
	Lmfao I woke up this morning and woke her up and she started moaning surprise	surprise
	Making dinner for the girlfriend!! 	surprise
	Its going to be an interesting day today I have no idea what is planned 	surprise
	95% of digital music sales (excluding iTunes) sold by Amazon 47% of non-iPod MP3 player owners buy from Amazon MP3  	surprise
	I want to so bad! Does mom know about our new pet? 	surprise
	Wonderlijk hoe alles zo last minute toch op z'n plaats valt! vordert lekker gedicht 5a en 5b en 6 zijn ook alweer klaar	surprise
	Decided I'm moving to Boulder Colorado :) TessaWood1	surprise
	I love not telling my parents when I'm coming home so when they come home I'm sitting on the couch watching TV like hey whats up 	surprise
	ooh that is a gem I'm coming home for the weekend be there tomorrow 	surprise
	6 months after talks what's better than a prospect coming back with a budget before end of the year?	surprise
	if I told you it wouldn't be any fun It might not even be tomorrow 	surprise
	I am really enjoying The Very Gaga Thanksgiving It's pretty great! 	surprise
	I remembered I was white tonight when I was trying to rap Nicki 	surprise
	Think I've found the receipts for my Christmas presents on the kitchen table spoilt the already	surprise
	Yesterday was a fun day didn't expect that 	surprise
	Let me guess Brian Adams is releasing his Greatest Hits for the 13th time  	surprise
	Fair enough tbh I don't really run shit	surprise
	Off to my 2nd homethe music studio! Yayay! 3 It's been a LONG while since I've been there! :') Practicing on my cover song 	surprise
	Drinking tonight doesn't really help my knee Just makes me forget Until I try walking 	surprise
	Ima vox oomf in a minute before I go to sleep! Lol 	surprise
	 Ahaha Myy Brother Know Myy Number Byy Heart !	surprise
	and Brihanna Fitch are going to love mee!! (: i have a for them! woo	surprise
	cant wait for my birthday weekend away with :) 	surprise
	Last class of the semester! Leaving early to go back to NY and surprise my  mom for her birthday! 	surprise
	Astonishingly good service from eastcoastuk Train delayed on Sunday refund claim submitted Monday vouchers arrive on Wednesday 	surprise
	Lmao RT I clicked that link thinking it was gonna be foodit was me 	surprise
	1:31 and he's home I guess he did the speed limit 	surprise
	Wow Is alone in the fourth row today what a 	surprise
	feeling queasy might run across the road and spew on my sister   	surprise
	Thought my 15 spacing was double yippee!	surprise
	making a birthday cake for my mommmy 3 	surprise
	Who ur favorite nephew Brayden RT Kota_GotHoesMad: bout to take a bath relax listen to sme ♪♩♪♩ and wait on my )	surprise
	Confess I was about to don a tin hat and say Dzeko is the new Kolorov (not in a good way)  God city I loveU	surprise
	it don't matterI know my shit better be under that tree! Or Santa at the mall is gone be in for a 	surprise
	Out to a Asian party wid my parents 	surprise
	At hairdresserstold him I was bored with my hair and I have left it up to him to decide what to do with it! 	surprise
	Got a lot done on the apartment with today Now I have been stolen away to a hot tub party 	surprise
	O BUNS POUR MOI C RS4 SANS OEUF PAIN TORTILLA SAUCE POOIVRE SANS OGNON E SUR LES FRITE SAUCE BLANCHE E POIVRE O CAS OU !!! 	surprise
	pfff ik moet nog een voor een meisje uit de klas makenEens kijken wat ik kan maken met twee dozen en een closetrol	surprise
	what a great last night was so great! We've gotta do it again real soon! :) 	surprise
	It makes me laugh a little bit every time my mother has to admit that I knew what I was doing when I raised The Boy 	surprise
	 ranked best Indian city to live  - did u agree? :o	surprise
	WHERE should I do the clothing drive for  at in  on the 19th and 20th of Dec? Best suggestion gets a Holiday 3	surprise
	Behangplaksel aangemaakt surprise-lol kan beginnen: Angry bird dit keer 	surprise
	Don't mistake kindness for weakness and don't mistake weakness for worthless 	surprise
	De  sneldicht Piet: vandaag van 16:00-21:00 uur zit  daar klaar en maakt al uw dichtwensen klaar!   	surprise
	KurtScobieMusic: Rehearsal with the FUSION BAND tonightExcited for the worship set tom night!  be excited about tonight! :) 	surprise
	If he calls you and tries to sell you something hang up He'lk ask you for your credit card number 	surprise
	Je ne pensais pas que le voyage était si court pour aller en Martinique et à Sainte-Lucie 	surprise
	Mrs Carole at Baptist Physical Therapy you're too nice Thanks for the Chick Fil A!   	surprise
	my mom is hiding my own christmas presents in MY closet 	surprise
	I think I'll be awesome and start working on my little project   especially   	surprise
	Ecoute la future BOMBE MUSICALE INTERNATIONALE 2012 LOURD !!!!!!!!!!!  	surprise
	Ik word wel wéér gedissed zeg! (en ik máák al 0 surprises dit jaar)	surprise
	i'm not gonna tell my parents or sister when i'm coming home D 	surprise
	He jus bought ryah a bike surprise	surprise
	Excellent game so far against first place penguins Henrik lundvquist throwing punches 	surprise
	Read my horoscope said my day was going to suck 	surprise
	My mom is doing christmas shopping online but is using my email address for the gifts she's buying me…	surprise
	I'm hungry  tonight with Dazbrooks Don't know what the food theme is 	surprise
	Thuis na een leuke avond Mijn super mooie adidas horloge gekregen en de dvdbox van gooische vrouwen 	surprise
	the ladies standing and talking in the middle of the floor That's not how to get a hot bod at the gym 	surprise
	Bunny is moving about hippity hop! But when will this new bundle of joy come out? :D   :)	surprise
	Setting up for this party is pretty fun Can't wait for tonight 	surprise
	Een walking fridge ?	surprise
	lmbo hahaha I told u man mom knew but dad didn't o but he was going to find outsmh 	surprise
	I never thought there would be an authentic account named twitter ironic how twitter is tweeting about twitter  	surprise
	Wrapping my own Christmas presents!! 	surprise
	WHAT THE music exam was just the HARDEST one this year ARE U EFFING KIDDING ME WE HAD TO COMPOSE A SONG LIKE WTF  	surprise
	Diyasul: Is he cumin out again!!! surprise RT SenBash yeah! That's what he said In Kaduna	surprise
	7 billionth kid is an Asian meditating 	surprise
	You thought you had a friend w/ benefits but really you've been in a committed relationship for 2 months 	surprise
	no it's chicken - and bacon So kind of pork And Brie 	surprise
	I find it hard to believe people actually enjoy listening to Drake Nicki Minaj or Lil Wayne its a joke right? !!	surprise
	Work work work work 	surprise
	Decided to just show up at 's house 	surprise
	I would pretend to care but even that is too hard 	surprise
	Ok Colin just show up driving a semi 	surprise
	no way OMG I am going back Friday with Chris again cheeky grin  	surprise
	poland is ranked high for best looking people in the world 	surprise
	The awkward moment when you realize your in your french teachers house watching LOTR 	surprise
	when you see the freaky side of someone for the first time 	surprise
	Eating at Swiss Chalet with Winieckipedia! Waiting for 9pm to watch Addy Rawl in the USA expo game! 	surprise
	Textiles actually didn't go as bad as expected 	surprise
	Installing new Xcode… App Store works pretty good for this stuff 	surprise
	Happy Thanksgiving to my  fan love you see at 930 oh yea 	surprise
	“SWEET2DALSTDROP: “chedda614: Movies tonite wit ma queen bgot big day tomorrow! hahaha” Have Fun! Lol” thank u ma 	surprise
	Bosses never know what they are getting themselves into when they turn a hard creative worker into a party planner 	surprise
	Je weet dat hij ook twitter gebruikt he Monique :D En geniet maar lekker van dat wijntje 	surprise
	So last time my tv broke the director of young life showed up at my house 	surprise
	SUPER great ending to the day! :) 	surprise
	Did good enough to move on to the next round!  Looks like I'm visiting Oshawa in February!	surprise
	haha nety veel karton weggegooid kom je boven mist er een stukje karton denk je van: Shit! 	surprise
	we should do a disposable cam night   	surprise
	ok ik ga gwn het hele huis doorzoeken naar karton of dozen ofzo en dan maak ik daar wel wat van d 	surprise
	Taking my sister out for her birthday!   (:	surprise
	Forgot about the bet he made months ago until he just went on paddy power Ooohhhh hello £250   	surprise
	Waiting for tonite!!!! Ummm wonder what has up his sleeve! (Smirk) 	surprise
	Sometimes your  are made for u your path is laid out in front of you Take  push urself urself  be happy	surprise
	my dad bought angry birds for me and bro 	surprise
	Arrrrrrrrggggggggggg!!! fmad again! OH! i realized i had a box of my Lucky friends waiting for me 	surprise
	Wondering if I shouldn't eat anything tomorrow to build the suspense and shock my stomache into a surprise Thanksgiving! Haha !!!	surprise
	It is always nice to have mention on twitter 	surprise
	Happy Friday! Who is excited it's the weekend?  	surprise
	nampak ada yang baru warna item di garasi *tutup mata dulu* 	surprise
	Zoo weer thuis dalijk nog ff cadeautje inpakken en gedicht uitprinten 	surprise
	Baked my very first pumpkin pie today Actually two of them They came out pretty good! 	surprise
	good job hiding that dime from yourself and then forgetting about it 	surprise
	Taio Cruz just played on my Yo-Yo Ma stationis it running out of songs to choose from? 	surprise
	There's Something Cool About Taking Pictures On A Disposable Camera And Not Knowing How They Will Come Out! 	surprise
	Mind-blowing information is coming to you mind-blowingly soon that's right our NOLA New Years details are coming TONIGHT! 	surprise
	En nog maar een dagje   	surprise
	Woa I turn on the TV and FC  leads 1:0 against   	surprise
	C'est normal qui ai une dame de ménage qui vient d'arriver chez moi là ?! Oo 	surprise
	common irrational beliefs 4 we're victims of our emotions and have no control over them so we can't help how we feel!! 	surprise
	The most unexpected and inexpensive  things are so meaningful to me Just got sunflowers   and of course  	surprise
	When you receive last minute information that your having supper at your nonnas 	surprise
	Thought that was my cat that popped out from under the bed NOPE It was Barney 	surprise
	there is a dead mouse in a mousetrap in the utility room i've walked past it loads im leaving it for my mum when she gets home 	surprise
	I am going to ur country the next year ARE U READY!?  	surprise
	I'm job hunting my contract ended today right before Christmas ! Its all good	surprise
	E sabe quando vc vai entrar na piscina e vai exprementar o biquini um dia antes e  o biquini não serve poisé kkk' uu	surprise
	Jillian_McNamee just started baking I bet you can't guess what I'm making for tomorrow 	surprise
	Guys who spell correctly and use big words What a gem 	surprise
	Goodnight little jail birds I may attend school tomorrow it'll be a 	surprise
	for my Mommy dearest:):)  excited i hope she likes it:):)	surprise
	Came home and found out my family got a Christmas tree 	surprise
	just realized I have an exam tomorrow in my stars and galaxies class 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	ahhh! Spencer just made me so happy! stop by my house on his way from practice back home! kajshkajlhdskljhska LOVE HIM SO MUCH!	surprise
	I hate wen dudes act like dey dick big knowin its lil 	surprise
	So at Walmart a diesel truck ran over a car in the parking lot! Guess who was driving the truck?& Mexican! Lol 	surprise
	What good is life if you don't take  Push yourself come out of your   see where you go you'll yourself	surprise
	I'm not doing my Grammar and Comp paper again 	surprise
	ohh dayummnnn gots my eyes set on one sexy man!  	surprise
	My mom is an idiot She says she's going down to the church to do some last minute work  	surprise
	My sis called earlier and told me to be ready to jump in her car at 8:00 sharp in the morning!  	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Great night with and others that have no twitter account for 's bday! 	surprise
	So she want these shoes  thing is she know she gonna get em i got increase my element of 	surprise
	I bought my first Christmas gifts of the year this week I am already about to explode to tell what they are I'm terrible at this 	surprise
	13 year old dating! Do they start that young?  	surprise
	Lootje maken voor vanavond! met Hanneke Marc en Mama	surprise
	5 ties from china arrived today :) usps said they were still in shanghai 	surprise
	if I don't love it I don't swallow I dare you to guess which movie that's from! 	surprise
	Adam van Kouverden at Sinclair! Ohh and I'm doing sound? 	surprise
	chelsseabrown Oh god RIP to me Yoh ask mike an vasyl and paul number 2 if they wanna buy a Texas mickey for my bro 	surprise
	cedric from communication class is talking to me on fb chat :o 	surprise
	Just spent $100 in gift baskets for my parents and grandparents 	surprise
	What kind of boyfriend decides to their girlfriend with GF chocolate for 24 days of ? Mine! :D Thanks ILY	surprise
	Heb best wel een vet cadeau voor m'n neefje eigenlijk haha 	surprise
	 Zara it's not looking good  yes she's pointing the finger at the project manager 	surprise
	When someone you're doing so much for is constantly putting you down You don't deserve this 	surprise
	Hate d'etre déjà a  la semaine prochaine ! et  ds ! N'est-ce pas ? ils vont kiffer tu pense ?	surprise
	The choir was on fire this morning And the fire alarm in the church thought literally 	surprise
	you make me want to dye my hair dark But I'm going even blonder tomorrow :) 	surprise
	Morgenavond kijkavond We starten om half 7iedereen is welkom om in de  stemming te komen	surprise
	Jus decided I'm coming to visit Ma lil brudah in a day when igot two days off  )	surprise
	Sometimes pictures aren't the mirror of reality ! 	surprise
	My aunt and cousins showed up to my house early ! :D i love them ! im so excitedd now ^-^	surprise
	try's to turn it out in a bathro during a commercial at a steelers bar There is now a huge line 	surprise
	was expecting something greasy with cheese and taco sauce toppings 	surprise
	Apparently Balotelli wanted to gift his red card to Mancini as the birthday gift 	surprise
	yeah my phone's deadand my chargers missing from next to my bed 	surprise
	My cuson just said do u want a  party How can she ask me that when it won't be a surprise no more LOOL wat a douche bag	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Don't have to go to work today! 	surprise
	Dat was een aangename verrassing met een delegatie van Zalk en MBG gespeeld voor de  	surprise
	- Yeah dog Walk got playedinto the new Katy Perry 	surprise
	Hele leuke surprise gehad thuis en met schatje resultaat:  van en 30 worstenbroodjes 	surprise
	'It will rain' isn't that bad of a song?? 	surprise
	Just killed a spider and put it in my sisters bed 	surprise
	Wow that was a really shitty move Least you can do is tell me your taking the car and I gotta find my own way to work pops 	surprise
	Quote van de avond recessie piet  die klopt wel  maar strooit niet avond	surprise
	Despite me liking her appearances on the GREAT INDIAN COMEDY SHOW always despite that PURBI JOSHI - DAMADAMM  	surprise
	:O :O RT ZahiAlyy: Sherry rehman appointed new ambassador to US 	surprise
	haha! We wanted it to be a great  I were so proud of ourselves when we saw your reaction! 	surprise
	urban meyer accepts ohio state job wonder if he knows yet? 	surprise
	Aja_Rhea_522: My blow dryer shoots out blue flames   got you a new one for  but its a 	surprise
	yesterday was actually a really good day 	surprise
	One more tweet! Sleeping With Sirens was trending on Twitter! So nuts swstheband! You bet your ass I'll be seeing them on Warped 	surprise
	to the stoners have you ever burped whilst taking a hit on a pipe lmao 	surprise
	I came home from a long day of work to the sweetest thing ever :) 	surprise
	ManU out of League Cup by Cristal Palace reaching semis!!!! 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Almost home And my mom and brother have no idea 	surprise
	my credit is gone there yaaa ill go in tomor ill be head  heard that alright earlier 	surprise
	Lots of nice things today but meeting an old colleague in my new place of work was tops :)	surprise
	“FreshPrince_215: He really had a one piece hoodie on don't worry I just ordered yours yesterday you'll get it by ya bday! =D 	surprise
	ben echt benieuwd hoe de mensen reageren op de geweldige gedichten van en mij 	surprise
	Dat je druk aam het knutselen bent en erachter komt dat je hem in verkeerde volgorde in elkaar aan het zetten bent	surprise
	maken Tip 2: Stop op een moment dat je het hele project wel ziet zitten Nu dus 	surprise
	Only 37 Days until our Event with Jaago_UofT Keep checking back for updates!	surprise
	Best phone call I ever receive at 130am can you let us in? We have a surprise for you!  !	surprise
	Still laughing ALOT about face when he walked through the door and saw everyone 	surprise
	Waiting for the bestie Birthday Party!	surprise
	Het hoofd van zijn zus gevuld met macaroni op een schaal met slablaadjes en mes en vorkEven naar de macaroni kijken hoor	surprise
	well then everyone who took your unofficial survey has been hanging out with a bunch of loser girls with no personality 	surprise
	I thought you were trying to change yet another lie It's a shame	surprise
	Wanted to leave by 4 Heading out at 5 Still going to be a great night 	surprise
	Wat een vertrouwen Ik kom thuis en er staat al een emmer naast mijn bed 	surprise
	Welcoming clients to the studio this morning with Nicki Minaj playlist Hope they realize who they hired ! :)	surprise
	Family evening for a little  and celebration but first the old time family favorite Gourmette	surprise
	Een dezer dagen maar eens aan die beginnen En aan de bijbehorende     	surprise
	Oh hey I just got a magazine in they mall they I signed up to start getting Last fall! 	surprise
	ya had a savage nite isnt the word haha Didnt expect a thing 	surprise
	i love finding a spider in the shower 	surprise
	One of jareds little cousins friends just told me im jareds girlfriend  does he know something I don't? 	surprise
	Turns out fish man was about 20 stone overweight 	surprise
	HAHAHAH oh my life that's been on there for yonks LOL oh well :) hahaha funnyyy! Sorry for beig weird hahaaa	surprise
	when can we arrange the christmas tree??! and I will have a waiting for you	surprise
	Got woken up today by my step dad  	surprise
	t'as vu ça bon la tradition veut qu'il m'offre mon calendrier depuis que je n'habite plus chez eux mais là !!	surprise
	making chicken alfredo for dinner for the parentals	surprise
	is trying to KILL US THIS WEEK New haircut  Raising Hope and his for ASIA! OMGOMGOMG 	surprise
	oke als dit een echt mascaraborstel was deed die het heel slecht :$ 	surprise
	Woke up this morning to my mom beating on my apt window an hour away from home Not much is scarier than that 	surprise
	BIG BRO JOE IS HOME!!!!!! 	surprise
	it's not kidnapping it just surprise adoption !!!! :)	surprise
	Extra celebrations in order this weekend One month since celebrity elopement with GinoTheFilipino! 	surprise
	O my god please be a snap cup 	surprise
	For a moment today the proud owner of an above ground pool called a flooded laundry room Thank you washing machine 	surprise
	Dexter having no personal motivation to hunt down and kill the villain makes for a really boring season 	surprise
	going home tomorrow and my mom has no idea! 3	surprise
	Please can u say hi 2 my dad John Jackson never misses a game or a Chelsea program! He don't no im sending this tweet! 	surprise
	my 8:30 class is ending a week early!	surprise
	**** Just got home :) He bought me Oreo Cheesecake and McDo! :) Had my early dinner at Flaming Wings! 	surprise
	Your driver today is   When you get on the  give him a by saying Hello Paul!  	surprise
	UH OH GONNA VISIT MY BARBER!!! BEEN WHAT MONTH AND A HALF NOT DOIN THE DEW 	surprise
	I hope this carrierIQ fudges the cell carriers a nu oneitz about time the consumer gets sum love!!!! Plz research 'CarrierIQ'	surprise
	over paar minuutjes richting Joyce en haar dan meenemen  hihi ze heeft nog geen idee 	surprise
	alleen nog even morgen cadootjes kopen in stadje en dan helemaal klaar 	surprise
	my son is still sleep thank Godctfu	surprise
	yea I meant prayerI didn't knw u knew wat prayer was or wat it MEAN 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Apparently i have to teach the librarians how to use adobe connect 	surprise
	hmm this project is taking longer than expected 	surprise
	That is not what I did you are clearly rampant congrats you the dj know house music better than I BokBeats_dj	surprise
	My brother just came home a day earlyyy :) :)  	surprise
	1:34am I'm going to start packing for my trip to Orlando today to see later when I open my suitcase it'll be a 	surprise
	Outta  put 10% in the offering now finna go treat my mother out she dont know yet  	surprise
	Fuck! Gulat ako sa katabe ko Biglang nilabas yung boobs mag papadede pala ng baby -__- hahhaha! 	surprise
	I luv wen ppl play guess who's cum'n 2 dinner!' 	surprise
	just found ten dollars in jeans i haven't worn since 8th grade 	surprise
	stay strong and keep your head on a swivel Don't let her yell 	surprise
	BBC's match reports are always the best Sky are just stupid 	surprise
	 is quite romantic! They will drive 100 miles just to tell you they love you  	surprise
	Damn i didnt think i would ever see him tweet shit 	surprise
	happy birthday  If you come by the office today I have a present for you 	surprise
	I physically feel great today 	surprise
	Just found out I'm a great aunt  	surprise
	Not gonna lie that elephant lion in 3D made me jump   ?	surprise
	I gotta gift for uheres my dick in a box 	surprise
	 bro mentoring theres not super cool spot to be had! Buttttttttttt I did make some brownies and a !!!!	surprise
	my mom is so sneaky she even put  getting a new iphone on fbook well played mama well played 	surprise
	waiting out a car nap because sleep is just that rare this week    	surprise
	“samihox:  - hohoho erinlaw8” merry Christmas Just wait till Xmas day Can't wait  	surprise
	Mijn die ik aan het maken ben word nogal inspiratieloos het lijkt op een cadeau maar dan wat groter?	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Talked to my mama and she actually made me feel better lol	surprise
	what i heard RT MarleyMagaziner: bf's thoughts on lana del rey show that was the worst thing I've ever done  	surprise
	Yeah is klaar Nu nog een gedicht niet mijn sterkste kant	surprise
	COOKN UP A FOR ALL MY DJs  MUSIC LOVERS' TOO! WHO AM I!? IS THE QUESTION OF THE DAY!!!	surprise
	i think i just met my future wife but the catch is she doesnt know it yet 	surprise
	I dont know is it due tomorrow? and oh boy I know im in for a treat 	surprise
	Nog ff en dan wordt t grote mysterie ontrafeld ! 	surprise
	This guy didn't wear his vest today 	surprise
	Volgend jaar vul ik een oude bal met nepstront of stop ik het cadeautje in een meloen of komkommer	surprise
	sergio busquets diving and making a meal of things 	surprise
	Man United à la trappe pour le moment 	surprise
	Upper crust in warwick actually had someone speaking proper english answering the fone  	surprise
	The sprouts I got for lunch came with roasted chickpeas I wasn't going to eat them but then I had one - turns out - macadamias! 	surprise
	Great  session with my mom She did amazing for her first time!! 	surprise
	DAMN----- She Got Her EyeBrows Arch Sooo High Every Time She Look At Me I Think She Tryin To MeWTF	surprise
	Even though I'm mean af to this person I'm still buying them something I guess I should them	surprise
	Tijd om de slapen: morgen   en marathon!	surprise
	Happy birthday to the best mommy in the world!  	surprise
	New Career Path: History Channel Reenactor 	surprise
	Riding a new board tomorrow Find me riding to find out what company it is!  	surprise
	Lekker naar huis Dadelijk nog even verder knutselen en dan is de klaar! (en het  is al klaar)	surprise
	i love having perfect days on a monday 	surprise
	great day with my family and friends (:  	surprise
	Nothing like finding out that  totally changed the way it does access-groups+NAT from 82 to 84 	surprise
	Something is strange here the Lions are playing good in the first half 	surprise
	My gma emails out an xmas itinerary to the fam and included is the phrase sarah wakes up (!) 	surprise
	One time for throwin me a nasty Alley! 	surprise
	just heard through the grapevine that current-era Huey Lewis  The News totally sucks monkey balls 	surprise
	There's a quarter taped to the back of my phone 	surprise
	this is my life right now like you don't understand   	surprise
	u know I never show up empty handed! Stoked to see what the boss is gonna Tattoo on me  see u of course  	surprise
	Still running around preparing for tomorrow Don't tell anyone but I fooled my students hehe	surprise
	My dad ended up being at the lake house 	surprise
	Might have said this before but one of my worst life experiences was mistaking fruit cake for a brownie with MM's in it  	surprise
	so i broke my promise of cleaning my room today haha i'll do it tomorrow 	surprise
	Motemana mbabuuuudas? RT Geliyut: All my bag are packed I'm ready to go	surprise
	Ok Time to focus and get stuff done I have 4 weeks before the year is over  	surprise
	surprise me as in you got on the wrong train but also now you mention it 	surprise
	prepared to be single for the rest of my life because I fuck everything up 	surprise
	bro i like this allot im wearing one of mine to our xmas meal and nobody knows! 	surprise
	nog even de puntjes op de i zetten! en dan klaar! kijk er staat al een puntje op! bijna klaar dus! 	surprise
	Just 4 goals so far in the entire top 4 divisions of English football 	surprise
	ok Ima be over there waiting on you to get off work one daylol  gone let me in!! LOL	surprise
	Phooson5 days awaygonna have one happy daughter!  	surprise
	Fase 1 van de is halverwege!! Ging nog best snel!!	surprise
	wow walk away for a few minutes and the  are a head 	surprise
	Dost ho tho tere jaisa RT Damage_Piece:  peek jaana teredad k passRT nikitajadhav: Any Great Ideas on what surprize	surprise
	I bet they'll never see it coming like a blind bitch you fuckin from behind  	surprise
	SarahBakerE is this really a concept Memphians don't understand? 	surprise
	another ending? i almost pooped my pants at the end of last weeks crazy ending!  	surprise
	Some people just don't know when to stop And it pisses me off 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Im gonna put this knotted up wash cloth up my ass and pull it out right before i cum 	surprise
	I love that my sister and I have been planning a  for our parents today and my mom is being a complete jerk How sweet	surprise
	it's not rape if you yell surprise first 	surprise
	Lil bro js got a sack that was stashed in the back of a gmc truck livin like locals~ 	surprise
	pfff vrijdag moek wel na school  bn echt moe en  voel me ech nie lkkr	surprise
	Went to a park in Bolton earlier that blew my mind Also found out that Bolton is the biggest town in western europe Decent place 	surprise
	Yeah BB RT : Ecoute la future BOMBE MUSICALE INTERNATIONALE 2012 LOURD !!!!!!!!!!!   	surprise
	Speak ya mind sir RT Teddi_H8Heauxs: I would say somethingbut imma be quiet on that one 	surprise
	Just woke up and my aunt and uncle from Kentucky are at my house 	surprise
	just made my night What a  awesome 	surprise
	Female animals focus on parental efforts while the male animals focus on mating efforts  	surprise
	When I told here were going to get her birthday gift she was all smiles!! 	surprise
	What the hell has gotten in to you like legit your an ass now 	surprise
	can't wait for this game friday ! (: then we're all staying at 's then christmas parade saturday :)) haha	surprise
	Tonight will be a night to remember!! 	surprise
	Chunky had no idea baby  peraginee	surprise
	Mijn creatie van papier-mache is klaar! Nu hopen dat het morgen droog is! Dan nog een paar gedichten en wat inpakken 	surprise
	I just found a stuffed snowman hidden in my bed Thanks 3yo! 	surprise
	She tried to act like she had no clue as to what's going on And so did I! But guess what b I'll see u in a few hours 	surprise
	I had a dream that my garage opened and you walked into my room 	surprise
	Gedicht geredigeerd en tevreden met het resultaat van de drukkerij Nu naar huize van Dongen 	surprise
	I slid gracefully But my toe isn't going back into place so easily !	surprise
	-_-RT 2_AboutThatLife: Finnah go watch this girl play one time  she better be serving 	surprise
	Zo hè! Zelf gefreubeld? Petje af! U bent een ware Freubelkoningin -) 	surprise
	Cannot wait for the party on Saturday! It's gonna be a messy one! I'm gonna hide something in someone's shoe!!! 	surprise
	Típico que me pones la alarma en mi cel suena en la mañana y un día después 	surprise
	On popular demand (RadicalJoker) Please release the pole dance video 	surprise
	morning babez! headed to the 413 bright and early for brunch with the fam! 	surprise
	Je lui ai préparé son sac pour le voyage en train Des sudoku (sa passion) et un crayon de papier mal taillé pour le fun 	surprise
	Im going to go give a visit to a friend of mine tomorrow 	surprise
	Shut the front door! My brother just waltzed in from  	surprise
	guess who got in a car accident  	surprise
	Just looked in the mirror and god I look awful 	surprise
	logo logo estarei ai so pra te ver 	surprise
	Mom's surgery prohibits her from cooking on Turkey Day Little does she know my relatives Thanksgiving Dinner Reunion is for her 	surprise
	Only 37 Days until our Event with and  Keep checking back for updates!	surprise
	LMAO at bride in today's Echo:we bought the ring together so I knew it was going to happen I just didn't know when where or how' 	surprise
	Wake forest getting destroyed in basketball 	surprise
	Waking up with a headache u didn't go to sleep with  	surprise
	and I actually hung in there with them  rossmccauley Basketball over break? I gotta fine-tune my baller-ness	surprise
	Sooo the mail person pulls upin my yard and howls the horn What happen to real deliverservice? But on the plus sideits for me!!	surprise
	I'm gonna see if will follow me i'ma go bed now and in the morning I'll see if she's done it 3 	surprise
	Happy birthday love you!! 	surprise
	STRESS Tfoe man voor die dikkeOutist ooknog pokemon/spidermanCars iets uitzoeken Argg 	surprise
	Just received the best visit ever! Thanks for making my night!!!   you all rock!	surprise
	Drogen en schilderen en Label maken voor amber 	surprise
	Want to order something for your dreads or plugs/spirals/tunnels or some other cool product? Wait until noon tomorrow 	surprise
	The day I do my hair and make up its windy and rainy 	surprise
	love being blasted by the scent of cherry cough syrup when I open my car door   ResaLisa	surprise
	Driving home for Gran's surprise 90th birthdayAlmost crushed to death on M1 by John Lewis truck nearly forcing us into barrier 	surprise
	Just walked my and my parents' dog visited my sister's flat (she's gone to Germany) and made a lil advent cal for her 	surprise
	haha! The element of like it They'll love it lol where's the meal at?	surprise
	These ppl don't understand!Its canada!It happens RT kaikaidunn: why does everyone talk about snow like we don't live in canada 	surprise
	Ha ha I'm about to go to his house while he sleep from that 12 hour shift! 	surprise
	Wow that's a long ass time!RT murphylee: Y? i been one since 98 RT CrazeLegs07: You're a vegan?? 	surprise
	Dinner with momthis is nicelol 	surprise
	Maybe I will Might wanna check your garden when you get home 	surprise
	) yop RT nikitajadhav: Dost ho tho tere jaisa RT Damage_Piece:  peek jaana teredad k passRT nikitajadhav	surprise
	due today Also the rent	surprise
	Eigenlijk logisch dat de lijmpogingen erg moeizaam gaan het wordt een Ajax-shirt  	surprise
	nog meer uitval nu lekker 'deddelen' met ballonnen kranten en behangselplak maken mijn favoriete bezigheid van het jaar!	surprise
	Eindelijk aan m'n begonnen Het principe 'Wrestle in the Centre of the Ring' (Dr ) is nog immer niet aan mij besteed	surprise
	Hey it's one hour after taking my birth control and now I'm starving just kidding it happens every day	surprise
	i hope its true And i read from somewhere that he said he's gonna have a for fans aft Christmas	surprise
	looking halfway decent today 	surprise
	Lying in bed and just picked up a my glass and drank out of it I thought it was water and it was cherry coke 	surprise
	all i wanna do is have some fun (: cannot wait to go WHEREVER we're going tonight 	surprise
	Almost finished! Just bought the presents i'll finish the poem tonight and then i have to finish the  but when? !	surprise
	Finally doing something different with my hair tomorrow 	surprise
	Another party at work another one full of cunts 	surprise
	Research paper assigned today due Monday? 	surprise
	Op donderdag 1vrijdag 2 en zaterdag 3 december dagen met 25% korting op de hele kollektie muvfeestkleding en My best jeans	surprise
	Wow Redskins are schooling Dallas talk about a 	surprise
	On another note Guess who just liked another photo? 	surprise
	Woooooooo! Tickets successfully printed We leave for Disneyland in 24 hrs and the kids STILL don't know 	surprise
	Power outage at work  win	surprise
	Following and she is pretty awesomeher tweets surprise me  	surprise
	happy birthday !!!!! love you a lot	surprise
	Je répond quand on ne s'y attend pas et sur des sujet auxquels on ne s'attend pas 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Nothing cuter than when a guy actually plans a nice evening jimjones	surprise
	Resisting the urge to send movie In the Realm of Senses to my friend's hard drive and rename it Twilight Breaking Dawn Part 1 	surprise
	you did i shall repay you with an even better christmas gift 	surprise
	mama found my latest tattoo 	surprise
	So it turns out that wearing a playsuit + tights = really not being able to go to the loo impromptu 	surprise
	Just heard some wild news! Can't wait til everybody hears it 	surprise
	Baked goat cheese! :D 	surprise
	It's December 1!! The big build up to the best time of year starts here Surreal Christmas special coming very soon we promise 	surprise
	I love when my mother buys me a birthday card when I'm with her 	surprise
	Gay men with kids  surprise dudes stick their dick in anything think I'm lying watch 	surprise
	My grandparents are coming with on the cruise!! They said they couldn't miss it :) 	surprise
	That moment you know is coming but you thought it would never happen and then it sneaks up and actually happens & 	surprise
	hey I haven't stalked your twitter yet 	surprise
	Another day in Hawaii and today was a good day we have a surprise birthday party for my friend  	surprise
	happy day before your birthday neil seanburke0623	surprise
	I've been planning a trip since September for to go to the  concert in Chi - they're sold out today :( babe 	surprise
	Yess vandaag word echt zo een leuke dag met marly vianne isabel	surprise
	Nem queria ir á escola amanhã Mais terá pro Léo e eu já paguei bora aproveitar o dim dim né	surprise
	Try to do something sweet for myy bf and he has an attitude about it because I want to keep it a secret and him -- WTF \3	surprise
	Honestly Sincere - I love the song Im going to have to be the complete opposite of me when i sing it which is fun 	surprise
	zo met oma en mam ff naar de action en nog wat	surprise
	i thought mark was a clear winner  	surprise
	My oldest daughter is home for  since she left for college  	surprise
	J'ai une pour toi donc tshek quand t'es la 3	surprise
	Congrats to my wonderful boyfriend for winning his match So glad I could make it 	surprise
	lmk your plans for black friday I am thinking of actually going out to shop this year hehe	surprise
	watching yesterday night's episode of and flipped out when came on the weekend update with sethmeyers21 	surprise
	 Drummer Boy bij op verzoek van  : welke uitvoering van wie?	surprise
	Looked under the tree  found some presents for 'amy' Which is weird coz i only asked for one thing  it hasnt even arrived yet 	surprise
	Moody's have projected our economic growth to rise by 1% in the new year slower that the Gov projected - Another miscalculation 	surprise
	The feeling when you call your friend a couple of times and they don't pick and later accuse you of giving them missed calls!! 	surprise
	Maargoed dat pap geen twitter heeft hij weet het namelijk nog niet 	surprise
	It is amazing how some songs are made just for 1 moment and they stick to it for the rest of time 	surprise
	NONE by law in Egypt it's ILLEGAL to marry anyone younger than 18 years of AGE 	surprise
	Quote from Moyes “I don’t know yet if there will be any money so we will need to wait and see what we can look to do in January 	surprise
	Colis de pains d'epices de la part de les parents Une bonne !	surprise
	An old crush from highschool plowed my parents drive way this morning! How nice! 	surprise
	Mom just told me I'm going to religion in february  	surprise
	That awkward moment when your friend plays like 12 random people on words with friends for you 	surprise
	Dolphins settle for a field goal 	surprise
	-) RT QweenRay: who knows what tomorrow night will bring!! 	surprise
	lolI know usually but it really was cute Now he's gone back to his nose in the air 	surprise
	i didn't crave peanut butter cookies today! 	surprise
	love typing a paper  then later adding the double space 	surprise
	lmfao meno was kicking rio tryna make him cry so i went out there n punched him dead in his stomach 	surprise
	Alles staat vandaag in het teken van   en door de  en  de stad in 	surprise
	quand certains twittos mettent leurs vraie photo en  tu ne les vois plus comme avant 	surprise
	christmas can't come fast enough now that every one is talking about my big yes I get it I'm a spoiled bitch 	surprise
	a one week thousand point rally and the FED HEADS are saying the economy is much better than expected 	surprise
	Net gedanst Heb nu een panterprint washand en zebra handdoekje :-)	surprise
	Geverfde make-updoos moet drogen  Bijbehorende kwastjes groot uitgevallen Wel heel leuk! 	surprise
	Hey les petits amis quoi de mieux pour commencer la semaine qu'un petit cadeau des  ?! surveillez bien   	surprise
	Christmas presents get worse and worse as you get older bring on this years presentsno clue what I'm getting! 	surprise
	im gonna hold off any celebration of Fielder signing with Seattle until it's official Remember all the hype with Cliff Lee?  	surprise
	Happy Thanksgiving! Yes the diet has to start haha  	surprise
	boo indeed Fabulous carlas' present will be ready for the 8th 	surprise
	will b here PM 22/12 but telling mum she won't b here for bday dinner 	surprise
	Writing a haphazard English paper to post rock is actually a surprisingly okay experience 	surprise
	 geslaagd morgen knutsel middag en dan nog week om 3 gedichten te schrijven 	surprise
	almost time to go to classstill gotta go home and pack so i can get ready to go to MD tomorrow lol its been like a year!	surprise
	Home sooner than expected 	surprise
	Ai is nog best lastig een bouwen veel 	surprise
	Christmas packages are arriving to our house already oh the suspense I just really want to know what is in the box! 	surprise
	I reeeeeellllyyyyyyy need to tell you something but guess what My go phone is fucked up 	surprise
	I told my boy to keep his - he actually looks super cute with it ♥ I hope he did keep it I find out tonight! 	surprise
	picking up my boyfriend with his familybut he doesn't know I'm coming :b aha :D 3	surprise
	Found $80 at the bar win	surprise
	På väg till 80talsfezt Det jag vet om min outfit är ett pannband jag köpt idag kvinnan har fixat resten Jag hoppas tights 	surprise
	M'n zusje flanst even een dag van tevoren een prachtig boek in mekaar Wauw (: 	surprise
	NortonCaitlin:you never know when and I will be scheming things :) lock your door! 	surprise
	Having to not tweet things because the person they are about will see 	surprise
	Taking the kids to  and the 7 dwarfs opening- night in   a bit of a so sst -)	surprise
	Congratulations fat bitch someone actually wants you 	surprise
	naar en en Jasmijntje zonder twitter en tante en oom 	surprise
	I havent been in twitter jail today :) 	surprise
	just made fruit brownie pizza stuff :) put it in the oven with the turkey too  !!	surprise
	Actually dressed nice today 	surprise
	Like said we confirm y'all that something huge is coming stay online this month if u don't wanna miss it 	surprise
	what and myself have up our sleeves for our parents xmas present is pretty amazing :) 	surprise
	lol you think i'm gonna spoil you guys every thursday smhwhen you least expect is when i'll give )	surprise
	Tussen boterhammen vind ik een  van chocola en een blokje kaas van dochter herinnert me ineens weer aan 	surprise
	i set you up on a blind date 	surprise
	Menurut ramalan bakalan ada yang main minggu ini kerumah awalnya gapercaya yampun ternyata bener :D	surprise
	I never hear my neighbours Today though the guy below me is singing opera He is actually not that bad either! 	surprise
	TAKING OF TWITTER!!! THE USUAL! HINTS ON THE BIG 	surprise
	Leaving tomorrow A day earlier than expected Oh well! 	surprise
	Excited for the boys to arrive home so they can see my little :)	surprise
	My mom told me I'm going to new York sometime in the next 2 weeks but she won't tell me until that day! Omg I'm excited! 	surprise
	Just when you thought the NL was becoming a more interesting competitive league the Angels land Pujols 	surprise
	Dad told me that I'm coming to the titans game today In the rain 	surprise
	Today Uncharted is looking into new film ideas and working on a new project for 2012! more to come!  	surprise
	yupppp totally all  hey but that was the spark to allllllll this babe :) ily	surprise
	i used the word ten times in my 3 paragraph paper today 	surprise
	Your gonna love my xmas gift for you 	surprise
	Dude Squid good post on the Justing Bieber freestyle I despise the kid but he fuckin freestyle slayed it 	surprise
	Bet you didn't expect me to be there honey !!!	surprise
	Iron horse didn't ID me?  	surprise
	My girls jus took me to an adult store Lol they some fools ahaha	surprise
	i just finish painting nd did a lil something wit the left overs i left  a in  back yard	surprise
	Je ne sais pas si je suis en caisse ou dans les salles en plus 	surprise
	I'm soooooo ready for Valentine's Day got something VERY special planned 	surprise
	 he came home today well yesterday right smh im wayy press though	surprise
	Thanks to and for stoppin in and watching  I lose our soccer game 	surprise
	Rain in state college? 	surprise
	cuddling shmuddling I'm gonna dive bomb belly flop on ya 	surprise
	van mijn broer kreeg ik een bevroren pizza 	surprise
	Probably the most epic zombie killing in the  right now 	surprise
	ME TOOGoogled my full name and turns out I share the name of a Gay Porn Star!!! 	surprise
	SexcBlkDiamond: Åbout to go take a final good luck I got some for u if u pass 	surprise
	Long time since me and have chilled 	surprise
	My mother love Bonamana by Super Junior :D	surprise
	Ten minutes late to work today (again) and my boss is randomly there 	surprise
	Such a good day worth not doing hw :) 	surprise
	I'll slam it in her fat face!!! No word from the Smyth's? They aren't answering my texts!! 	surprise
	Ugh I was kinda looking forward to having the house to myself but my roommate just came home and scared the shit out of me 	surprise
	just found both of my white camis that have been missing forever in hanna's closet 	surprise
	Put the wrong water bottle in my bookbag to take to the deer stand  	surprise
	MAC MILLER LIVE IN MARCH W DJ L-MOTION!!!!! DAMBURY CT 	surprise
	Surprise dinner with Mieke turns out to be surprise dinner with Mieke  close friends  =)	surprise
	heeft de Sint een opdracht gegeven om een bom te maken als doel de Arena te laten branden! Wat is die sint geweldig 	surprise
	I would literally lift my leg and pee on her like a dog- & 	surprise
	I like driving to practice at 6:30am and turing everyones sensory lights on outside their houses 	surprise
	moms mad at me = gotta decorate the christmas tree before she gets home to get on her good side  	surprise
	Duely noted my dear friend! Give us a head's up the next time you want to drop in! 	surprise
	Up here at this stuco meeting Some I haven't been to in a long time 	surprise
	Im actually in a good mood for a change :) 	surprise
	I come home with my 21 year old sister passed out on the couch 	surprise
	We fashion the rhyme/ and the Truth is the only Fit-  s/o   	surprise
	can't wait for our girls night! Yeah we're having one when I get back home 	surprise
	 RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	 The lesson is so interesting I JUST noticed that Rubin's beard is gone 	surprise
	I'm good at hide and seek! CMichelleO321	surprise
	Okee ik ben normaal geen knutselkoning maar dit word best vet 	surprise
	Tomorrow my parents wedding aniversary  ~~^o^~~  	surprise
	Papa had een super leuk paard voor me gemaakt!! 	surprise
	My cousin put marbles under the sheets in my bed So there I am at 12:30am pulling out marbles Thanks a bunch ass  	surprise
	rite rite rite cause we def will go up dhere and pop dah trunk on dhem lol niggah ctfupp	surprise
	Lol my boy texted me and told me I looked very cute today 	surprise
	good cuz i love shittin' in people's mailboxes! lol 	surprise
	Today: eat work on paper work on lab work on paper finish lab eat finish paper   	surprise
	Unexpected finger prick at the doctors 	surprise
	Equinox by Skrillex really makes for some fucked up dreams I guess I'd rather NOT sleep than wake up from CALL 911 NOWW! :P	surprise
	Je commence a sortir mes affaires d'anglais  Ba Inés qu'est ce que tu fais? On sort a 15h20 !  J'adore etre a la masse parfois 	surprise
	Trois jeunes engagés politiquement à gauche pour le  Globalement d'accord sur les questions économiques 	surprise
	Muziek opzetten en dan die tekening voor oma maken	surprise
	yeah yeah yeah whatever we'll see if i unfollow you or not it'll be a :)	surprise
	No deal from Super Committee 	surprise
	Ik heb met dochterlief een reuzetoffee gemaakt van een heel wit casinobrood Ideaal was zo klaar! 	surprise
	 your phone sketches out and sends a picture to half your contacts instead of just one to all you receivers	surprise
	Ready to kidnap for a hippy-dippy Frisbee chucking granola munching tie-dye wearing LSD tripping evening 	surprise
	found out I have a group presentation todayI didn't know about 	surprise
	Glad ur back missed ya! Things are great on the ground but the higher up ya go the more fucked it gets 	surprise
	Laatste moment surprise tip: neem een lege doos Goeie Grutten en maak er een vogelhuisje van  	surprise
	Got a silver maths challenge certificate 	surprise
	My mom just asked chacha if penguins bark They don't 	surprise
	can we have breakfast for dinner? Cuz all I have to contribute is eggs 	surprise
	they always make my day that much better!  ps-im coming home tomorrow  ?	surprise
	Oh look my whole family making fun of me on a holiday :/	surprise
	Needed paid TODAY  but alas  my manager isn't fucking in 	surprise
	Hahah we won our own tournament! great comeback against cornerstone though	surprise
	It'd be more convenient if Whitehouse had a Starbucks Then this frap wouldnt be melted by the time I get it to foneseth 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Man I miss work 	surprise
	Gelukkig wil ik geen kunstenaar worden want m'n knipplak-talenten zijn ongeveer vergelijkbaar met die van een lantaarnpaal 	surprise
	I love that you get when you look in your makeup bag and find a product you'd bought yourself that you'd forgotten about!! 	surprise
	we went into our biology teachers car trunk and found boxers and bras and so we wrapped them up and put it in her front seat	surprise
	It actually took me no time to get ready today! 	surprise
	Zooo de sinterklaas cadeaus zijn gekocht nu nog een gedicht schrijven en dan is sint klaar voor morgenavond 	surprise
	kurisupii:  congratulations you win nothing  i win the satisfaction of being smarter than all of you  	surprise
	kurisupii:  congratulations you win nothing  i win the satisfaction of being smarter than all of you  	surprise
	It's not rape if you yell surprise! 	surprise
	Ce qui est fabuleux ds la fête des prénoms c'est qu'on oublie tout le temps mais il y a tjrs une personne qui nous le rappelle 	surprise
	So apparently the PHGY kids once secretly sent a StripperGram to the ANAT214 female genitalia class !!!! poor prof	surprise
	Na een leuk dagje op het voetbalveld vanavond een feestje Met veel vrienden in een kantinekomt wel goeddenk ik:-) 	surprise
	has a few ideas for xmas presents for the apartment 	surprise
	A on -1) day 1 is better than a surprise on day X2) 1 day is better than X number of surprises  	surprise
	All these yearsalmost twenty to be exactI thought was a girlLol Love your booksstill!!!!	surprise
	My dad met some nice french canadians :O hehe jk :D thats for u :D	surprise
	Yea yea I'm still on it! I'm still grinding! Sleep on me if you want! I'm comin' out of nowhere!  	surprise
	Why hello there tweet community I absolutely love the new  app for   	surprise
	Sunderland Manager Steve Bruce's been sacked! 	surprise
	Jay Quitler leaves heads to the locker room crying 	surprise
	In the Spot about to rock the Mic for This Party  BDAY CC  is here 	surprise
	mom is about to walk in the door any minute 	surprise
	Happy birthday You're the bestestest  seesta anybody could ever ask for I loooove you You got your gift your hubby 	surprise
	I think Charlie should compete in the dog show next year   !	surprise
	gedoucht nu klaarmaken eten en naar school met de auto!! 	surprise
	my niece just screamed on the phone when I told her I'd see her tomorrow cuz she didn't think I was coming home until December 	surprise
	Have an amazingggg day everyone:) I actually don't mind being up this early lol	surprise
	you know you're never at your 8am class when the people that sit on both sides of you say omg are you really here? 	surprise
	Pretty sure you  need to breed your new pet squirrel and give me an offspring to your dad	surprise
	awwww my pookie Happy Birthday sweetie :)  im forsure gonna get you something from Hawaii ! hehe 3 ya	surprise
	als je die ouwe kranten dan toch niet gebruikt Mn oudste zoon kan ze wel gebruiken maken	surprise
	Took a trip to Belfast yesterdayvisited the  store bought me a Surprise pack It had a David Ngog poster in it 	surprise
	surprise surprise someone said this to me and now m really curious to know abt it huh	surprise
	 when your mother still doesn't know you're coming home a day early  	surprise
	Why am I surprised that not lots of tweeters who are not tweeting today?  	surprise
	i'm getting you the same thing you got me on my birthday nothing not even a cake 	surprise
	Manchester United eliminated in the Champions League woaw  	surprise
	Daniel Tosh live Excited but not as much as Evan 	surprise
	Only ninety minutes left of work I hope she likes her little gift bag 	surprise
	i made 20 bux singn Christmas carols to some kidz tonight !!	surprise
	OHMYGAWDu guys like marianas trench?? I met them in columbus earlier this year :D :D 	surprise
	Nieuwe hoesje gekregen voor iPod nu wachten op kerst en dan krijg ik Ajax training pak XD	surprise
	happy birthday best friend 	surprise
	I survived MA class Failed to attend our first day and guess what I was supposed to report today 	surprise
	come on parents lets leave a little in Christmas and not leave Amazon tabs up on the computer	surprise
	Dan pasti akan sadis semoga semuanya akan sadissukses Mr Sadiss RT triadinr: Menunggu email sadis dari band sadis 	surprise
	will be home tomorrow lad Miss sister sledge haha  	surprise
	Moms been ridin dirty since march Pendot fucked up Bridget_Graham	surprise
	good morning world what do you have planned for me today 	surprise
	pretty good mood for a tuesday night 	surprise
	Helpful cops!! Wow they still exist!!  and 	surprise
	Bought everyones christmas presentsI bought 5 copys of Under the mistletoe Can't wait to see their faces 	surprise
	not gone lie i thought unc had a chance to go undefeated or at least only lose to duke!  	surprise
	Tea Party does badly after yrs of the msm calling them bigots and racists (anti-semitic ows'ers are praised) 	surprise
	Wel een weekje later maar toch een gezellig sinterklaasavondje met de familie 	surprise
	Genieten met de hele fam   en een geweldige surprise voor mij door broerlief! Mijn iPhone van hout	surprise
	Why will u be able to find an iQ in select Cineplex theatres next week? You'll have to follow to find out  Patricia_J	surprise
	 A Lot Of People Think I'm Mixed Or White But I'm 100%  (: 	surprise
	Dog food doesn't taste like food at all! 	surprise
	I invited my girl to my sister birthday partyhope she don't get mad LMAO! 	surprise
	Yes ik heb twee  klaar nu nog een 	surprise
	Ben aan het maken  Spectaculair!  Maak er  morgen wel een foto van  Is nu nog  geheim!  Full  color  printer  is  erg  handig	surprise
	cant wait for my tonight from  said expect the unexpected -this should be interesting	surprise
	Ik loop vast op mn omdat ik t juiste materiaal niet heb om verder te kunnen 	surprise
	Classes Start Today It Has Been A Great Break Thanks To You ~FDU ENT~	surprise
	ben nog even ver als net met 	surprise
	 judges made the right choice Didn't think they were going to do it Johnny prepared three nice courses 	surprise
	Verschoven naar andere datumkomt eigenlijk wel goed uitbezig met planning verjaardagsfeest zoon die 20 wordt  )	surprise
	Made the wrong choice again 	surprise
	OMG IM GOING TO LA SEE YOU READ HOW THE GRINCH STOLE CHRISTMAS 	surprise
	put on a jacket I haven't worn in a while and there is stuff in the pockets 	surprise
	a super cute outfit 	surprise
	I decided I should listen to Adub if I'll be seeing them live turns out picky me actually likes them! lol 	surprise
	Presque fini mon 2e travail c'est que je suis productive ce soir ! 	surprise
	Hein quoi? Rendez vous chez la boutique de scoot pour poser un coffre à 9h? UN SAMEDIIII? Mais vous êtes cinglé? Je dors quand ?? 	surprise
	I'm thinking of wrapping myself up in Xmas paper and mailing myself to Florida this year 	surprise
	Ik heb zo veel zijn in vanavond ik hoop dat degene die ik heb er blij mee is En dat ik wat leuks krijg	surprise
	Bought some Christmas crackers for the first time!  What's in them usually?  	surprise
	Wait a minute ND is on the board? 	surprise
	just ordered pizza to joes door so he wouldn't have to worry about dinner while studying for finals  	surprise
	Happy birthday to the man  	surprise
	au niveau de la robe moi j'en ai vu 2 mais j'ai une autre idée donc !! Lol	surprise
	Ms Linda dont know im coming either  even though we hate surprises i love her	surprise
	Awkwardness insued when I misinterpreted willies out Apparently nobody knew mine was so big 	surprise
	All day I was saying I'm gonna study all nightturns out 20 mins is all I could stand 	surprise
	 booze and drama make people do wild things 	surprise
	WOW! A day filled wi gifts 1st times  1st time  2OceansAquarium boatride tx to 	surprise
	someone different sleeps on our couch/bean bag chair every nightwalking into the living room every morning is always a 	surprise
	Saw  last night hell LOL hit that quick u-turn back into the room	surprise
	Wow  is in top 10 for worlds fastest internet speed  index  	surprise
	It's funny how people think a peppermint mocha from  is seasonal you can get it year round 	surprise
	figured thats why your were talking bout blankets n shit ps im stowing away in your suitcase for the trip 	surprise
	I love to fart in my hand and then put it in my girlfriends face 	surprise
	Saving my moneyfor a special date of a special someones 	surprise
	Lmao My brother just got licked in the face by a puppy 	surprise
	that awkward moment when your tweet is about me and you're thinking since you don't follow me I don't follow you 	surprise
	Towards the end of that video I prompted an exchange about Neck Tattoo Barbie through the chatroom  they were pro-neck tats 	surprise
	My sister jus rolled up in a brand new Infiniti lol 	surprise
	Thuis van papa eindelijk weten we wat we kunnen maken  en nu snel spulletjes pakken voor 	surprise
	You can't listen and as a result your the victim again !!	surprise
	Some things can ruin your day real quick 	surprise
	another night ending with me crying? 	surprise
	Guess who is running late again?' 	surprise
	also I'm not religious but I hate ignorant people and I've not been stoned yet 	surprise
	SO excited to give my secret santa their gift!  	surprise
	Heb geleerd: 'een zondagsteek houdt geen week' maar een week is ook niet nodig als-ie de maandag maar haalt 	surprise
	Behind every successful man there is a surprised women 	surprise
	If Frank Iero taught me anything it's that people really should lock their lockers more  	surprise
	Ahhhh  is my favorite Christmas song and and USHER makeee it all million times better  	surprise
	net even lekker geknutseld zeil van de boot wat opgehoogd/verstevigd minder zorgen voor regen en sneeuw nu En natuurlijk aan de 	surprise
	 ron cola brugal colaron fanta naranjacambio alcohol por palomitas de maiz jejejeeje!! muacks os quiero 	surprise
	My daughters bday tomm So I'm going to fill her bedroom full of balloons and streamers while she is sleeping tonight 	surprise
	Bijna klaar met wit papier zwart schilderen en dan bedenken wacht Ik kan natuurlijk ook zwart papier pakken!  	surprise
	i should make my facebook password a word i have trouble spelling quickly i would learn it sooo fast  	surprise
	zo naar Sacha lekker shoarma eten en daarna taart cake en koekjes bakken voor morgen avond 	surprise
	Interesting fact: BoinxTV works much better when you use it with 420p material instead of 1080 pixel video 	surprise
	Van Persie doesn't play Arsenal lose 	surprise
	Feeling very run down with very heavy lungs Btw naomi4star look under your pillow 	surprise
	may not be gone this weekend afterall Evan bailed to go home and Natalie has exams after the weekend 	surprise
	Happy birthday enjoy your xoxo	surprise
	watch out world i have a new thing to bake and it's coming tuesday 	surprise
	lool awkward moment when you show up late to a surprise anniversary party 	surprise
	 !!!!!!! I very very very very love my aunt!!!! She's bought that Supras!!! I had feeling! This is just 	surprise
	Found a pair of boots I bought months ago I could have sworn I didn't buy them 	surprise
	I'm going to answer the door for the delivery guy in my underwear 	surprise
	That awkward moment when your horoscope says that Your kids will have a wondrous day  ??	surprise
	Slecht voor je gezondheid zo'n maken: in mijn vinger geniet high van de lijm en buikpijn van het snoepgoed	surprise
	I got to rock out the drums after I wiped the eye boogers from my sleepy eyes Plus we learned a new cover! SciFiCaper	surprise
	Back from thanksgiving dinner at a Holiday Inn in Beijingamazing food and hotel!  	surprise
	Home made calzones w the fam Airport in a few hrs Flight is already delayed 	surprise
	I love finding winter clothes that I forgot I had! 	surprise
	Eindelijk! 2 van 3 gedichten af!!! Ben nog nooit zó creatief geweest!!! 	surprise
	woooowww sounds awesome for you sister!! 'D  And yup I'm that type of persons that you were about to say x'D 	surprise
	Wow showed up to homeroom today and he's being a total douchebag 	surprise
	But im staying to wait on ur check! Surprise	surprise
	Surprise af ik zou graag een fotootje plaatsen maar da's nog te vroeg teveel  	surprise
	-_______- I was saving the bunnies  for when they jump out your birthday cake 	surprise
	guess its time to take care of my drunk boyfriend ? nope	surprise
	I will go to the mall find a stranger wearing white Apple earbuds and give them a quality replacement! 	surprise
	better not be suspended tomorrow  b/c i gotta give him a Gift :) 	surprise
	Playa playa deck of cards  	surprise
	Uitgeknutseld voor vandaag De basis is er morgen nog even de details afwerken en een beetje rijmelarij Nu  ! 	surprise
	walked into my boss' office to ask a question and got a wendy's burger 	surprise
	When his family makes the final decision Still in the planning stages for coach	surprise
	 I wake up every Saturday Morning and watch SportsCenter a Every Game I can All Day Bet no one thought I'd do that 	surprise
	Had no idea my Uncle came in town from Hawaii   Surprise	surprise
	ok I brought a Bama sweater and I thought about you so I was going to buy you one but it wasn't my money 	surprise
	I'm stocked for 3 sewing projects I've decided to put the machine in the guest room so I can sew behind closed doors 	surprise
	oh I know! It's like it was yesterday?! Lol Well I've gotta pack- I will see you shortly :) :DDDD	surprise
	truth also I got surprise alcohol for you 	surprise
	2 days! The excitement is killing meeeeeee 	surprise
	over n half uurtje lindsay ophalen en dan naar balou's place 	surprise
	fiquei super curiosa! Porque afinal de contas: qual dos milhares de figurinos da GAGA??? 	surprise
	aiiight rpz bg du 47 qui fait passer le temps en attendant le poto qui va pécho ! Rime en haut après l'ennui 	surprise
	Among all the BIG films MULTIPLEX films and sundry came a decent small film and went away without a trace SHAGIRD  	surprise
	Lmao my family thinks I'm coming home in the morning! :P 	surprise
	I don't tell my parents my friends are sleeping over I just let them find out 	surprise
	J'ai réussi à joindre trois administrations par téléphone en moins d'une heure? Mais que se passe t il?	surprise
	lol yea oops good job lol	surprise
	  hope you have a lovely day and enjoy your 	surprise
	And for my I would like to dedicate my first game to  :) happy 3 months	surprise
	its cute watching her tryna guess stuff see the wheels spinning but r they spinning in mud? lol i love you babe 	surprise
	Tooday passed pretty quickly 	surprise
	About to workout so I don't actually want to kill myself while watching Victoria's secret fashion show tonight!!	surprise
	I'm naked upstairs and there's a whole lot of people downstairs )	surprise
	Husker den gangen jeg ikke var kul nok fordi jeg ikke hadde riktig tyggegummiholder og folk ikke ville snakke med meg Ble sur 	surprise
	Never used to believe in envious eyes I guess shit changes eh? 	surprise
	Let me know if you're going to BGT audition on thursday I'll bring 3isawa to London XD 	surprise
	Me: Boy I cant wait to sleep in my own bed THEN when your parents change your mattress ???? 	surprise
	hahahaha i never said she was the best lol and what if she is a freak on the weekend lol surprise	surprise
	LAS paper due in a week?  	surprise
	Akon comes with changeable bar colors Look in the box !!!	surprise
	Precalc pop quiz tomorrow -__- 	surprise
	I haven't told anyone the color yet gonna twipic tomorrow Its for job tho gonna go back black ASAP!	surprise
	Hair cut  trim done with  Now off to the airport! Woop woop Oh thanks Josh for the 	surprise
	I can't wait to buy my mom something awesome 	surprise
	This is gonna be one weird champions league! Man u/c out!   Only thing bad is that the  is gnna get blaaah!	surprise
	I've fucked more black girls then white girls 	surprise
	who are you wearing is Lame!! I prefer are you wearing underwear?? !!	surprise
	Mums gonna kill me  my sister when shes back from shopping saturday in here birthday 	surprise
	Times are tough and sadlypeople change   life 	surprise
	remember that time you put that robins picture up 	surprise
	My boss doesn't even know I'm working tonight  	surprise
	love you too rest up cuz i have a for you tonight	surprise
	My Grandma will have the best birthday ever tomorrow !!	surprise
	Stupid law examin suds till the 22nd 	surprise
	Hope is as excited for tomorrow as I am 	surprise
	Finally made it to East Dulwich Bit of a trek but cold lager and pizza to come party	surprise
	eindelijk in bed net nog 3 frieten en frikadel speciaal geverfd morgen in het bakje plakken 	surprise
	Daniel Alfaros hero is Daddy yankee 	surprise
	Ha! Maybe that's the good news they have for the artist 	surprise
	man he wanna b wit me not a we are a  no1 would b able to  us we shine as 	surprise
	Guess it really didn't matter all that much Suppose I made the right decision 	surprise
	Secret Santa time with the co-workers 	surprise
	he always sauces in a place that isn't my hockey stick 	surprise
	Not everything is to be told on Twitter Big coming Stay tuned Hint think BIG! (Big smile and a wink) )	surprise
	searching my cell on my room can't find it and I call myself it rings on the pocket of my pants 	surprise
	What a great way to end the week! Looking forward to a well deserved relaxing weekend!!! 	surprise
	Le loup est obligatoire demain soir!! J'ai la BO de -Antoinette et les images d' dans la tête  ?	surprise
	Also thinkin/stunned at how much one person can change after over a year Deffintly not a bad thing! helloagain)	surprise
	Hoe kan je gemakkelijk een gitaar namaken van karton? 	surprise
	Bolas baby shower yesterday was awesome! Dee conned her proper the shock on her face when we screamed  ! :)	surprise
	All my mother was put in charge of for thanksgiving dinner was making a fruit tray Somehow our fire alarm is going off 	surprise
	the people you thought would never hurt you are the ones who let you down 	surprise
	The lady now sitting next to me has atrocious handwriting From what I can make out I think she's in the medical profession 	surprise
	girl ng'message ako sa fb mo i'view mo huh	surprise
	Heeft iemand vanavond nog een nietmachine + lijm voor mij? (als dat nog nodig schijnt te zijn?)  	surprise
	I thought Friday was like 2 days ago 	surprise
	Goh ik ben wel creatief als ik zo naar de surprise kijk die ik aant maken ben voor Maandag  	surprise
	Whoops keep forgetting that my grandma doesn't know about the tattoo up my side 	surprise
	oh NICE Also I didn't tell you Guess who might try legally blonde auditions  	surprise
	Cleaned my dorm to find an entire box of cookies 	surprise
	Like I wish I knew of moves tonight but it sounding uneventful in g town 	surprise
	We offer outdoor  which provides a variety of walking surfaces to simulate walking on various exterior environments 	surprise
	Hubby said don't tell the kids he be home today and watch them play tennishmm 	surprise
	Veel file vandaag megamoe Thuisgekomen bleek dat mn man warm bad voor me had klaarstaan met kaarsjes en zachte muziek 	surprise
	Found out im gonna be with sarah bo barah in ny for one day!!! Eggcitement :) 	surprise
	Inns need something hot to drink this morning 	surprise
	google 'what defines an English person' interesting result     	surprise
	I have the bestttttttest best friend in the world3 thank u for the party I love u soo much  	surprise
	The music on the radio was great! I dint even need my ipod 	surprise
	haha I will make it up to you somehow Camille :) don't you worry 	surprise
	great hangover food from the Swettenham Arms with  sooooo full Hows everyone after 30th birthday party 	surprise
	My car is a magnet when it comes to ppl window-chalking dicks on it! :) 	surprise
	Damn I ain't drive my Car all Day  	surprise
	is it bad that i check twitter on a seconds basis? you just never know what people have to say ?!?!?	surprise
	Dey say u so lil til dey hit da bed 	surprise
	i cant do it I honestly dont think Im going to make it through the rest of the yearand idk how to do the outline 	surprise
	Okay so probably another mouth to feed at Xmas being as my daughter in law is 38 weeks rather than the 30 she thought she was 	surprise
	teuing setumna RT BOY_ANK: Gorobag oom watiRT zozemandolang: nampak ada yang baru warna item di garasi *tutup mata dulu* 	surprise
	National spill your drink day in 3rd lunch 	surprise
	uhhhh I predict beer in my near future 	surprise
	I got two hours of sleep then woke up to  beautiful voice and had to come to work tahickling	surprise
	My followers are going to have a twitter feed full of my annoying tweets when they wake up 	surprise
	Bah si tu regardes mon mac vaut plus chère Mais je sais pas si je vais finir mon année alors on verra bien 	surprise
	Niks geregeld krijgen om morgen met de auto naar school te gaan 	surprise
	Wel eens geprobeerd een punt te maken op een levensgroot potlood??  	surprise
	Me  no2 son this morning Made a batman mask built a train track  now off to the shop Yogi Bear on DVD later  	surprise
	She really gon cry when she see the spot we reserved crybaby 	surprise
	Im gne b at wrk allday till 12  im gne b tired cant wait to go to doc tuesday 	surprise
	U hardFear Shuld Nt Be D Word iAm_Briqqz	surprise
	Just went through all the drawers and found stuff I left here Its like going shopping  	surprise
	sitting in a computer lab is not always the most boring thing to do at school Just most of the time Thanks 	surprise
	I'm trying so hard to get back to Charlotte in time to see y'all tonight!! 	surprise
	Only with would I try to get a bottle of water and realize it's tequila 	surprise
	hey babes at hair place wanna pick me up at like 330? I have a present for you 	surprise
	Not necessarily if you cut it multiple times in one day Esp if you can arrange to do it while he is gone all day 	surprise
	yes$600 later my susucki won't be ready until Monday now I am waiting for my ride 	surprise
	Was goeie avond die Sinterklaas weet wel hoe hij feestjes moet maken ! 	surprise
	Aww just did a quick run to my girl Kahas house to drop something off anddd is in townnn  opened the door! Yayy! ♥	surprise
	This is finna be so hilarious when I walk thru that door :) 	surprise
	Gonna flip everyone's world upside down  Can't wait  	surprise
	My friends had a party for me last night well I called it a surprise party they called it an intervention LOL	surprise
	Haha! So my 2 little cousin didn't know we are celebrating their birthday today! 	surprise
	the is that Houston is even ranked Bet my man Favre is smiling in his Wranglers Just hope he's not texting	surprise
	Mrs harris being especially bitchy today 	surprise
	Hoping for an early [Jack]White Christmas!  	surprise
	Water For Elephants turned out to be a wonderful movie 	surprise
	 confirmed for  it's not the confirmed ones we need to worry about tho  	surprise
	nothing better than getting a call from your recruiter telling you he's coming for a surprise visit tomorrow  	surprise
	In de regen sinterklaas cadeaus gekocht Maar wel mooi binnen een half uur klaar! 	surprise
	G ma say my daddy gon be here n 2 hours he won't talk to me call his self tryna me lol	surprise
	Gedichten zijn af Nu nog even wat eten douchen kado's inpakken en klaar van vanmiddag! 	surprise
	going Christmas shopping on Sunday with to chose our Christmas presents 	surprise
	Wag nang wish list Un-wish List nalang para hindi na madagdagan yung mga photo frames at figurines namin sa bahay 	surprise
	 when i unpack my stocking from last year and theres still something in it 	surprise
	Just got offbout to go home and change clothes and go to my bitch baby shower She sound to happy Lol	surprise
	Lmao RT FLASH100: WTF she damn near a super model she must think I have money lol 	surprise
	Mana suaranya penghuni setia kuliah brg madam I*aa?? dip2dipto Ada apa lg??	surprise
	what time does  start? I don't even care about this game my team getafe is taking la liga by storm! 	surprise
	IDC Marry the Night is easily the best song released this year  	surprise
	new gift for myself via - excited for the holiday season - but being vigilant  waiting till christmas to use it: 	surprise
	My mom just texted me telling me she is in the parking lot with Moes for lunch 	surprise
	hey! I have a function shirt to give you  	surprise
	LMAO RT tru2mi_religion: i aint gettin none tho lol i dont even wanna have sex this time i just need sum luvn lol! 	surprise
	This time next week I'll be in New York City  the weekend before Christmas!  	surprise
	my life couldn't get any better (: forsure getting my puppy and my sister is coming home tonight!!!!! 3 	surprise
	it'll blow you away I guarantee it! You won't even be expecting it 	surprise
	20 hari jelang bursa transfer Januari saya yakin Comolli sudah punya nama2 yg siap didatangkan ke LFC  belum diketahui media 	surprise
	no fear I picked out one of Allison's gifts last year for Lar at my yard sale 	surprise
	I dont care what adjectives Critics used for itbut I loved d way I took it easy  enjoyed myself throughout READY  	surprise
	My old friend who I've fought with told me happy birthday and hugged me today :) 	surprise
	Vind je kado in de schoen van Sinterklaas bij de openhaard! Groeten van Sint en Piet 	surprise
	Close ur eyes an open ur mouth 	surprise
	when you don't feel well you can only hope for a surprise :)	surprise
	thought I'd be sick of databases (well coding certainly got old fast) but seeing the other students' ideas have made it enjoyable! 	surprise
	what do i cook for all guys hmmm birthday party	surprise
	Nunca he visto nada explotar tan basto mientras me cepillaba los dientes AJJAJAJAJAJAJA ha sido en plan 	surprise
	Randy get your historical facts right There are history majors in the audience 	surprise
	Klaar met hobby'en ! is af :o) ! Result kan ik nog niet laten zien ivm volgers waaronder de ontvanger dus ff geduld 	surprise
	due today Also the rent 	surprise
	I go to do my laundry and of course my roommates laundry is in both the washer and dryer 	surprise
	actually kind of good at hockey 	surprise
	that was the best jungle theme party ever! we need a new theme this year! 	surprise
	there is no such thing as rape if you yell 	surprise
	Burnt juicy fruit does NOT smell good :( to me	surprise
	Jeee playboy gekregen van die goedheiligman 	surprise
	Klaar met surprise! :)  ff gs afmk en zo nog ff naar om chocolade te halen voor vanavond :) 	surprise
	MrNoyes guess what you'll be seeing me and at another show but im not gonna tell you which one ) 	surprise
	Moet er een boek in? Wat dacht je van een hele grote letter eerste letter van haar naam B of M toch? 	surprise
	not a good idea to smoke before you narrate and act out a poem in class 	surprise
	Je ne vous ai pas dit  vient chez moi ce week-end je vais faire une pâtisserie un truc qu'elle aime 	surprise
	Nog een leuk cadeautje nodig voor je geliefde voor  ? Kijk dan op wwwcandybagsnl  	surprise
	Caleb fell asleep during the movie 	surprise
	wachten tot de verf droog is en dan weer verder (: 	surprise
	n yh I thought that am strong enough but am not surprise	surprise
	My mother ask me was I coming home because she was having company I should bust right through the damn door 	surprise
	Can't wait till bro gets home 	surprise
	you are never gonna guess what shirt I'm wearing tomorrow 	surprise
	If anyone wants to make me REALLY happy buy me some candycane hershey's kisses on monday! (:  	surprise
	I love you ! I hope you had a great time tn ! :D  	surprise
	Been chilling with the Saudi crewhad no idea they had food cooking in the kitchen	surprise
	we'll see! haha :) maybe ill buy one or just wear cute clothes 	surprise
	Found a bottle of vodka I hid from myself a few weeks ago!! 	surprise
	johnlegend: NeitherWatch The Throne nor 'My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy nominated 4 Album of d Year Imma let you finish but 	surprise
	Phantom goes down an absolute treat 	surprise
	lol!! PS I'm posting a vocal reel on youtube Like more than half were produced by you 	surprise
	The saga continues: the 6-point buck is back in our yard Must have jumped the fence again deciding this was a nice place 	surprise
	Penn state ice hockey game  	surprise
	Umm if Voxer isn't for randomly sending people the recording of REDRUM from The Shining then I don't know it's true purpose 	surprise
	holy shit so excited   	surprise
	Wosssh apakh itu☺RT zozemandolang: nampak ada yang baru warna item di garasi *tutup mata dulu* 	surprise
	oke waarom is het zo moeilijk om een sinterklaas cadeau te kopen 1 nagellak is dat niet een beetje lullig ? -_-	surprise
	Haha okay due to all the dares I have recently gotten JeromeAbbott I'm getting ear rings 	surprise
	me and my boy please!! Had mare getting tickets and I have a stroppy 12 year old sulking cos I asked him to be home early 	surprise
	no work today time to bake cookies for  stoked? autumnlaurelle	surprise
	LeeYaf have training as far as I know Im writing an essay unaware of Ven's plans From 7/12 I'm all the teverlasses'	surprise
	SE1 is safer than you think just discovered my car has been outside my house unlocked for 2days She's a pretty decent car too 	surprise
	Doing contracting homework for event management with my dad He actually knows a lot of stuff  	surprise
	Goedemorgen allemaal  op deze toch altijd weer 'spannende' dag -) Ik wens jullie allemaal een super dag toe voor :-) 	surprise
	Overal wandelende kinderen met vuilniszakken en grote tassen in de hand Ook ineens erg veel auto's rond de scholen  	surprise
	Trusten ik zit morgen met m'n neus bovenop de pica's en de rest	surprise
	I think my friends and family are going to be in for a big in the near future	surprise
	s/o to for being the birthday girl! Guess what I did special for your birthday I fucked your boyfriend ) 	surprise
	ALMOST FINISHED! LOL IM A VIDEO EDITOR LIKE *SMILIES* ITS TAKN ME SUM TIME  LOL	surprise
	Stand up for the week is actually quit funny 	surprise
	Hey cousin looks like I'm going to be coming to Iowa this Christmas after all! 	surprise
	aircanada was just told by a friend that her flight last Friday run out of food Really?you guys not know there was a flight ? 	surprise
	I guess its okay that theres a huge dirt hole where my pool used to be	surprise
	Someday I'm gonna make a cardboard cutout of myself and sneak it in my best friends house :)	surprise
	Looks like  I have some wild berry gummies since told us to throw them out    =)	surprise
	Milner and Lennon are meeting us down in Sweet tooDon't breathe a word of it to Sean 	surprise
	oeeh dat is wel een leuk idee :) maar wel moeilijk c 	surprise
	 you cannot put my presents under the tree already I like the 	surprise
	Anyone know who 2 artists are at radio city live	surprise
	Just bought 6 usless cups from a little boy  could anyone guess their price? 	surprise
	Not when it is put on twitter! Imma come out there and burst through the window family! lmao	surprise
	Net thuis van lekker trainen mijn subtiele vraagpoging om erachter te komen wat () wil is mislukt 	surprise
	Do the people on House Hunters not know that you can buy paint *and* repaint rooms in colors you actually like? 	surprise
	actually leaving my hair curly for once 	surprise
	Gorgeous  morning isn't it? No people in the pic? wants to see muscle shirts  slabs	surprise
	I may need a formal ticket tomorrow 	surprise
	Goh geloof dat het zowaar eens volgens plan gaat met die  Maar ik juich nog niet!!	surprise
	Can't sleep yet again someone text me and keep me company :)	surprise
	Max's friends Bob and Kayley stopped by on their way back to CO We  gleefully took turns riding the pink unicycle  	surprise
	I made pie and its good!!! 	surprise
	Got my swag today Not posting a picture because I can't show until she gets here 	surprise
	There is a medium sized child creeping down the stairs right now who thinks I cant hear them! 	surprise
	And I love knowing exactly what they are too Not a junkie	surprise
	I haven't told my dad that we have an extra guest for dinner on Thursday yet 	surprise
	CANT STOP BRAGGING MAC MILLER IN MARCH W/ME DJING DANBURY CT!!! 	surprise
	 can't carry my books anymore I guess it's time I get an actual bookbag  	surprise
	The Lion is not going to bite you my friendjust don't put your head or hand in the cage 	surprise
	well i had a wonderful and unexpected night :) 	surprise
	nu nog even de laatste piekfijne puntjes aan mn surprise verbeteren zodat ie perfect is en dan ben ik alweer klaar! 	surprise
	Awesome awesome!  Inspiring in these days of more of the sameness!  in Vegas	surprise
	is af!  Nu nog een dikke week de tijd voor gedicht heb zowaar inspiratie ! Lol  	surprise
	Back of cop car and I'm not in trouble 	surprise
	catty and i will be there   i want a roll pride t-shirt promise i'd wear it	surprise
	There may or may not be a child growing in my stomach  	surprise
	: two frat boys aren't in class the day before break wait they're never  here	surprise
	Mom's surgery prohibits her from cooking on Turkey Day She doesn't know all our relatives are cooking Thanksgiving Dinner for her 	surprise
	Bout to go visit my girl 	surprise
	Attack of the nerf gun attack	surprise
	come to find outnot many ppl know i write musiclol	surprise
	Wearing a new tiered-ruffle top made of out sheer meshy fabric I didn't know the tier over the Girls wld fly back as I walked 	surprise
	Our tribe is expanding! Baby due in August! 	surprise
	we didn't likeit haha then again I accidentally grabbed it instead of my dad's chocolate shake 	surprise
	die vrouw heeft  nog gelukde soep is pas 1 maand over de datum xD 	surprise
	I've always wanted to ask a girl out by leading her with rose pedals to the bathroom where I'm standing with a butcher knife  	surprise
	and now THE CONFESSION of the year Until it reached its final 20 minutes I was thoroughly liking Bodyguard :-|  	surprise
	Oke papa heeft net met stip het beste gedicht ooit geschreven voor mijn broertje! Ik lag letterlijk op de grond van het lachen 	surprise
	ik ben eigenlijk wel klaar beetje afwerken nog Ik weet wel dat ik jiet met lijm om kan gaan 	surprise
	Hoppa rtlXL op de 8ergrond (had van alles gemist) en 3 uurtjes verder is mn zo goed als klaar! Nu nog gedicht Pfff 	surprise
	Maybe I do need a  (said I would never get one) I'm always walking around w/a blanket wrapped around me Hmm  	surprise
	Happy Birthday Hun Enjoy ur !!	surprise
	My dad just texted me to let me know they landed  Umm did not know they were flying this weekend 	surprise
	dying my hair the color I want this week 	surprise
	ik ben echt blij met die ketting armband mp3 oortjes dove showergel en al die andere dingen! 	surprise
	Ma sister don't even know I'm coming 	surprise
	will be arriving at crib n bout an hour Got sumthn special 4 ha! 	surprise
	thank youuuu for coming to my competition!!!!   love yallll 3	surprise
	 is finally done and dusted so I can concentrate my my xmas card design First I sleep	surprise
	So I'm in my bed naked my sister comes trying to be a bitch turns on the light and pulls the blankets off of me !!!! Dumb ass	surprise
	Told myself I'd clean up my messy clothes shelf this afternoon I'm only doing it now 	surprise
	Happy Walk up to Random Japanese People and Punch Them in the Face Day!! 	surprise
	Wondering what is waiting for me tomorrow  LOLXD	surprise
	If you invested half as much time into her as you do entertaining all these other girls youd probably have a decent relationship	surprise
	Picking up my mom from the airport today and surprising her with Thanksgiving dinner She thinks she missed it! -) 	surprise
	Operation 24 hours in colorado 	surprise
	Wedding at my house today!! 	surprise
	Van twitter af eerst  zo en dan Gezellig!!	surprise
	i love how i always think I'm gonna have a great day nothing ever happens like i think it will another shitty dayy 	surprise
	the good thing about nice underwear  kinky shit is after a relationship ends it can be recycled on another man 	surprise
	ano mate thats why im asking so i can prepare to take care this time unlike last time i know mate you are that 	surprise
	Damn didn't realize how many air miles I could potentially use! too bad I have a full time j-o-b 	surprise
	 was S-trip calls your house and your parents answer not knowing their child is going on a spring break vacation 	surprise
	This whole Ashton Kutcher divorce thing is really getting to me He's supposed to be a cute dork not a disgusting douche 	surprise
	I had a great time tonight Enjoy your reese's ) 	surprise
	Me and my brothers got my parents a anniv gift and hid it under their pillows so its a 	surprise
	You can wear my sweater I'll be wearing a um suite 	surprise
	Apparently we're having a Christmas tree this year 	surprise
	Teri's brought a light guy And a fog machine 	surprise
	If she a good girl i give her Dick In The Box 	surprise
	je me passe de sexe depuis un mois je m'en passe TRES bien  	surprise
	Makes me laugh when people forget my name is adrianna and not ad 	surprise
	I still think it's hilarious you live in hahawhen you told me I thought it really WAS a surprise! lol	surprise
	Have seen Fashion WYR Kaminey and yet her gutsy approach to Susanna took me aback PRIYANKA in 7 Khoon Maaf  	surprise
	New bit of kit just turned up at work should I open it now or wait til I get home? 	surprise
	Met Sheheryar Khan today Remember a Pak player was accused of rape during 04-5 Aus tour? Guess kon tha! 	surprise
	Just watched a spider crawl across the room and into someone's backpack  	surprise
	so i been natural since march but my hubby is in the field and im going home for Christmasso i relaxed my hair! 	surprise
	Happy Hannukah! RT BestWorstAdvice: Want to let your parents know that you're gay? Tell them during Christmas dinner 	surprise
	Wait till tomorrow 	surprise
	Can't wait to see Mothers face tomorrow She's not expecting me home till Wednesday 	surprise
	This bus is so empty today	surprise
	Wat zijn de kinderen en ouders druk geweest met de surprises! Maar eerst maken we er een tentoonstelling van!  	surprise
	Hmm If only I knew what me and are doing for our date tonight  lol 30 minutes left! =]	surprise
	car ran out of gas of course its always my fault 	surprise
	I purr-chased some vinyl yesterday too!! Online so didn't get the joy of flicking through a musty old record shop 	surprise
	national kiss day tommorow hahahahhahahah	surprise
	I'm actually excited to go home Spend the rest of my momma's birthday with her 	surprise
	Mala Rodriguez is on Rome Santos album? she's a beast! I love her music	surprise
	Whew glad the Easter Bunny didn't make dat list 	surprise
	i love pple that that tend to defy their typical stereotype me	surprise
	Kansas fires Turner Gill after 2 season in which he wins only seven games and losses to Missouri twice 	surprise
	watching beat the hell out of an old ass nintendo and it still doesn't work  	surprise
	man that was a crazy set! Ur on ya $hyt But so am I! Lol 	surprise
	Waitits not?!?!?!  RTpeoplevsgnomes: There's no final four for the presidency! This isn't American Idol or Top Model!	surprise
	My family from NC just unexpectedly arrived at my house 	surprise
	Ne grosse US-Airline ist pleite (American Chapter 11 ähnlich unserer Insolvenz) News at 11 	surprise
	I want a pillow pet for christmas me	surprise
	Hahahha ohh yes! good thing he doesnt have a twitter! I say we dont tell him 	surprise
	and I bought each Christmas gifts yesterday standing right beside each otherlol	surprise
	Time to go Birthday dinner I guess	surprise
	chocomousse vergt 175 ml slagroom dat heb ik dus niet in huis - en je moet het met de hand kloppen niet met een mixer kansloos	surprise
	I love how just when I thought today was going to be a terrible day I was so wrong!) Unexpected and unplanned days are the best 	surprise
	Novillada 10 de diciembre!!  Happy beer hour a las 4:pm  Reinastoreros tancredosforcados quienes seran? 	surprise
	Apparently everyone at work but me knew it was a half day 	surprise
	shook hands with 5 people in my career and self awareness class the girl that thought she knew how had a filmsy wrist 	surprise
	Weather my bro Sam knows it or not I'm actually going to go c him tomorrow 	surprise
	Yeahhhhh LE contrat que j'attendais depuis 3 mois est arrivé !!! La question c'est  ou pas	surprise
	hahaha yes I am And I will be returning to satv next week Don't tell lee It's a 	surprise
	Newsnight showing the government some interesting data on the summer riots Government maintains off the cuff response 	surprise
	haha it's the same guy from the summer!  its a long time for a guy to have my attention this long!  	surprise
	need an idea of what to get me for xmas? buy me a calculator i really need one   	surprise
	is the best girlfriend ever she's taking me on a trip today	surprise
	mayyybsss But you wont know if i am or not because its going to be your surprise birthday party 	surprise
	Yoga final today!  ChrisBSharp	surprise
	found my christmas presents -__- 	surprise
	I might have a pill dick but that's not going to stop me from busting some asain beavers lips all owa Skegness 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Came outside to a completely frosted over car  	surprise
	your boyfriend proposes and you said yes and you didn't know the wedding will be on the same day 	surprise
	wachten op sinterklaas met me beer die ik heb gekregen van hahaha 	surprise
	tadi tuh kirain siapa kok nyanyi di awal pake grand piano ternyata the it boy -- :D	surprise
	I thought Heath Ledger died but apparently he works at an AutoZone in Lubbock 	surprise
	Being treated to get my feet done on my bday! What a great and a sweet :D it's been too long!	surprise
	I'll be your bartender tonight at the Arts Court Studio and Theatre for SAW Video's When We Were Young 30th Anniversary reception 	surprise
	chuvaça dessa e eu voltei com a net de boa em RP?! :O 	surprise
	Wallaweyh!!!! buat facial treatment ke? Kt salon ke?? 	surprise
	Watching phineas and ferb at 6:20am  gosh Disney shows make me not so crabby when I have to get up for cheer 	surprise
	morgen is het alweer vrijdag daarna weekend en echt heel veel zin in zaterdag 	surprise
	bijna klaar Nog even een klein beetje hulp inschakelen van  en dan is  weer blij met het cadeau!	surprise
	Lekker opruimen na de avond heb toch een ander beeld van een  was wel erg geslaagd nog zes flesjes  over	surprise
	Vanochtend voorgesprek presentatie van event gehad en nu om de tafel voor format dinershow met klant! Daarna Sintinkopen doen 	surprise
	literally the funniest moment of my life right there Ahahahah 	surprise
	Talking crystals with the lovely capricorn who sits in front of me! :) 	surprise
	According to spend log my biggest income drainers are credit cards alcohol and taxis lol 	surprise
	That awkward moment when you spit and unexpectedly see blood 	surprise
	sickening! RT No Congresswomen present on the panel at the criminalization of abortion hearing 	surprise
	Så har julklappsinköpen dragit igång Känner inte igen mig själv det är mer än en vecka till jul?	surprise
	haha don't you just love that! Finding something You never expected! 	surprise
	Finally finished that laundey! I forgot i had some of these clothes i just hung up! 	surprise
	Good actually I'm not in any trouble and I might go to the Verizon store tonight to get a new 1!!!	surprise
	umm I'm buying ur Christmas present so that's why I didn't invite you! 	surprise
	Headin to kenzies car this morn Open the door And out pops a kitty  	surprise
	you just made my day(: I love you(: 	surprise
	Well the night might actually turn out better than i thought it would 	surprise
	gvd z'n vleesthermometer kost maar 3 euro dan moet ik dus heel creatief zijn met de overige 17 euro! 	surprise
	The only motivation for me actually doing my make up work is so I can go back to cheerleading Didn't know I liked it that much 	surprise
	Nu al wakker op me vrije dag nog even door slapen dus en zometeen even langs het werk voor een paar dozen 	surprise
	Dude i'm LATE ! jte retrouve sur le tapis de course !	surprise
	cool mom thanks for putting a stuffed animal rat in my backpack 	surprise
	I love getting graduation money six months late  	surprise
	Oh em gee Tommy Lee Jones is in the old Charlie's Angels! AHahaha! God bless late night homework and background TV 	surprise
	Nope Christmas Parade I was being facetious 	surprise
	Oh my Pulled a Just bought the new GaGa  Tony Bennett Duets Found music in my cloud I didn't realize I'd purchased 	surprise
	At my sister's housein my car Because she's at Walmart and didn't tell me 	surprise
	Going to pick up my little brother from school (: can't wait to seehis face 	surprise
	let pasukan do that haha RT shelaaashelooo: Haiwho wanna kill me? I'm tired with what I feelI'm tired of this sickness	surprise
	Lookin for a good bookclub on GoodreadsI may have to start my own  Completely varied  Never know what we'll b reading next 	surprise
	Glad the water bottle I brought to my final and swigged was filled with alcoholof the century	surprise
	Movie tonight wit N dinner guess where 	surprise
	I love it when my  drops in unexpectedly!! :)	surprise
	omg! ik wordt hier echt high van die lijmlucht!  	surprise
	I love finding hidden pockets in my jackets (: 	surprise
	yo props to my mom Im driving with my dad going to get her bmw that's alread fixed 38 hour   	surprise
	zooh klaar voor vandaag (: nu even opruimen en nog even tv kijken	surprise
	I think I'm going to do something nice for the boyfriend tonight 	surprise
	Ok even een vraag voor de dames onder u Hoe ziet rouge (make-up) er in verpakking uit? 	surprise
	Et l'acoustique pourrie va nous obliger à changer toutes nos intentions de jeu 	surprise
	So he brought me a plane ticket cannot use it since I have no id So ill drive to ny 	surprise
	Gotta love when your little brother spoils a party!	surprise
	I saw your status and immediately wanted to go so YESSS3 & gift to eachother?! 	surprise
	Alabama just made a field goal??? No way 	surprise
	Day after tomorrow cause I have a basketball game in Fredricksburg Also not much of a anymore  	surprise
	Dochter halen op  in Terneuzen bijna klaar  komen gestaag af goed begin van het weekend!	surprise
	Trophy unlocked: Finish the  in timeWahoe! Helemaal klaar met de surprise en het gedicht Was weer leuk 8D 	surprise
	 bro text me when you get close to home! 	surprise
	you must have had fill yrself with food! Okay so gd night if ya  still haven't tell Right or Left  side?  ?	surprise
	“Eden_Lynn: Lmfao I woke up this morning and woke her up and she started moaning surprise” oh I heard it! smh	surprise
	oh no no no my dear! turn that frown upside down!!! i have something even better for you =D it's a =)	surprise
	Who shows someone on their Christmas list their Christmas list?   	surprise
	Today was a great day!! 	surprise
	When somebody says “expect the unexpected” slap them in the face and say “bet you didn’t expect that did you?” 	surprise
	My dad didn't call to see if I wanted to spend Thanksgiving with him 	surprise
	Holy shit! I got a bus that came on time today! The worlds turning upside down 	surprise
	House all to myself baking cupcakes and a cake snuggled up to my pup with hot chocolate reading and waiting on my man to arrive! 	surprise
	Fancy dress on Tuesday is going to be so funny! 	surprise
	I had the best record for fair play but often find players are fucked at 50/60mins 	surprise
	Just got a random bloody nose 	surprise
	Surprise opoo :D RT Wheldhut: Dapet bonus tuh RT wonqbe: Pulsa 20 ribu aja pun heboh x kw ( ˘͡ -˘͡)	surprise
	GO  EXPECTING MORE - GOD'S method and means are  our comprehension 	surprise
	That amazing moment when you're a seat filler at the VGA's and realize is there and he walks right by your table 	surprise
	Why do I still get shocked every time I see my red hair 	surprise
	The class I thought I had a 52 in I found out I actually have a 92 	surprise
	 all the kids who's dads are on their Christmas present already!! surprise	surprise
	j'écoute un son sa race je savais même pas qu'il était dans mon itunes 	surprise
	Don't you just love it when you see the presents you're about to get for Christmas(Sarcasm) 	surprise
	finally you got it! Congrats! Do they know already? How did they react? 	surprise
	Mom making excuses so i cant get a new phone?  	surprise
	Thats the surprise Due to a change in plans There's a girl left! 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Dear ladies at the next table little do you know that I do in fact speak spanish and can understand everything you say 	surprise
	ay mate dont forgot maths holiday homework ) though ide give you a 	surprise
	Mae lagot k! Haha! RT  asan na yung MO?wait nmin kahapon paheheheh  LANG	surprise
	heb net nieuwe oorbellen lipgloss faundation en veel meer :D	surprise
	Had no idea it was going to snow today  	surprise
	i would lose sleep for  and  any night! 	surprise
	lekkerrr! Wij zijn ook al een heel eind inclusief gedicht! Yeah I love early birds :-) 	surprise
	it's more fun jus to take it and watch you go to the fridge thinking you have beer left 	surprise
	Hugh Laurie sounds pretty good on The One Show right now 	surprise
	Je suis là ! 3 RT MullerPrettyBoy: J'ai une pour toi donc tshek quand t'es la 3	surprise
	My house! It magically showed up in my freezer! My ice maker thing doesn't even make that kind of ice!  	surprise
	i like to turn the volume all the way up in my parents' suburban and change the satellite to dance music before i turn it off 	surprise
	Stopped today for gas in a small town to my an attendant came to tell me we are full  Do you young  have a clue	surprise
	arjtoítameypg nose si hoy me vas a ir a buscar o no 	surprise
	makin apple pie for boyfriend when he gets off work 	surprise
	 (check) (check)  (check) Kortom klaar voor Zaterdag! 	surprise
	Deconstructing the latest Dexter episode 	surprise
	Note that CP3 Assists and PPG were down last year Also Gasol and Odom were keys into the Lakers championships those 2 years 	surprise
	ABOUT TO SEE COLDPLAY AND BEN HOWARD ACOUSTIC BEST OF MY LIFE	surprise
	Moet nog een in elkaar toveren iemand een idee?	surprise
	aww tahir bhai is so talented sweet lovely couple MA  Stay blessed xx	surprise
	Off to Mexico for the best Birthday ever! Thanks to the most amazing girl!  	surprise
	should i tell u im coming over or just show up and prepare myself for the worst   hahah 	surprise
	 Threw a surprise bday party in junior high he opened the door n ran back outside ! Hahahaha	surprise
	late reacrie maar per direct gelinked wwwlittle-evenl uiteraard!! Kom maar op   	surprise
	Damn this music video is going to be sick I have the best cast and crew in the world And one very special prop piece  ) 	surprise
	We are the first people at this surprise party 	surprise
	Ada mi cuma na simpan ☺ RT AndiNilasari: klo kaya itu sdh adami skrg  tiffany ring d jari ku kk :( | -- chiwankmatto	surprise
	Well got to say WHP manchester didn't disappoint  special weekend for the boyfriends birthday 	surprise
	Who do you think you are begging MH to contact u or  you'll hurt yourself You're still here  she didn't tweet you 	surprise
	To Twitter  Facebook Police- Santa Clause isn't real some people think cucumbers taste better pickled  OJ did that shit 	surprise
	some people you just gotta learn not to piss em off   cuz i use your own shit against you 	surprise
	Wondering when I will be making the switch? Seems pretty random from tweets 	surprise
	Taylor_Thomas12: love you too rest up cuz i have a for you tonight yay! I love surprises (:	surprise
	Great first half Keep it going browns! Knock on wood 	surprise
	we need an excuse to make a cameo at a dinner party 	surprise
	cant wait for my friends to see the the twins and I did for them! :D	surprise
	Yesterday somebody won an album  today there is more awesome digital releases Guess what's happening tomorrow?! :) 	surprise
	Love getting home to my little cousins sleeping over! 	surprise
	weer thuis nu nog snel een gedicht maken en kadootjes inpakken voor vanavond! 	surprise
	Sometimes the most dysfunctional friends can turn out to be the wisest ones God has a strange sense of humor sometimes! 	surprise
	Ordered a book from the big A online at 1030pm Monday Opted for free delivery 3 to 5 days Just been delivered - 9am Wednesday! 	surprise
	Verjaardagskado  van hubbie gekregen 4 dagen Berlijn met oudnieuw  en geregeld dat zijn beste maatje er dan ook is 	surprise
	My mom's wrapping my gifts right in front of me 	surprise
	Dranking! For free! Lookin fly! And I got paid to play 	surprise
	Logged in and did some voidwatch today Got a pile of NPC fodder 	surprise
	On my gym GRIND OD this week! Gotta get ready for Friday night!!! 	surprise
	Bet you never thought a beetle bug has a killer radio system 	surprise
	hey no problem I thought it would be a good idea to you cause I got  love you!	surprise
	Lekker op de bank maar eens begin maken van rijm 	surprise
	What a great night in the RDS!  Great Score and fierce giddies in the Leinster Store when Zac announced his engagment!  	surprise
	no yu ask her both ring nd waist size to throw her off then 	surprise
	yes definitely a ! How in the world did you think of doing this? PS you look pretty hott in your picture ) jk	surprise
	Aww momma couldn't wait till xmas to give me my gifts she left them with a note on my bed 	surprise
	I was confused as to how one water bottle in my car was frozen and the other wasn't until I took a sip and it was vodka 	surprise
	We have something super exciting in store for you for the  season! Any guesses? Wishes? 	surprise
	Funniest birthday cake a bun with one candle and sprinkled with cheese 	surprise
	Zo  klaar! Nog nooit zo op tijd anders altijd 5 minuten van tevoren Nu de nog 	surprise
	De har nog en del att snacka om så småningom tänker jag :) 	surprise
	Watch me crash that shit 	surprise
	Estou aprendendo a mexer no MM! e estou fazendo um vídeo lindo com a música Charlie Brown dia 12 ou 13 postarei no 	surprise
	We have a coming this friday! Come into our store to find out what it is :)	surprise
	when my little brothers friends ovoo him and I answer LLS 	surprise
	its not rape surprise and yelled that shit mf  hahha	surprise
	zou het raar zijn als ik een winkel binnenloop en dan een lege puntzak pak en weer naar buiten loop ? 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	As in one can activate TimeMachine within OS X and browse your file history WITHOUT the backup drive connected! 	surprise
	Brown bag special 	surprise
	J'ai foutu le bordel dans la cuisine 	surprise
	you just watched?! RT the movie 3 Idiots is amazing So damn hilarious I can't even I love Aamir Khan♥♥♥♥♥	surprise
	Je connais des clients qui vont être content pour les fêtes de fin d'année ! 	surprise
	That awkward moment when I typed s number in wrong and sent a picture of my goatee to some random number 	surprise
	Or a lot of other actors for that matter I'm just having a Chris Evans situation atm 	surprise
	Zeer geslaagde avond gehad met als TOP  het door aangeboden Weekendje  (en dan bedoelt hij niet )	surprise
	found a brand new yoga thong in amongst my normal underwear  	surprise
	Clear your schedule on 12•12•12 and pack our bags for Fiji Lol 	surprise
	just looked at my youtube channel and noticed my extended version of 'levels' has almost 22000 views haha 	surprise
	Who said you could go on vacation chadtweets??  It's not everyday that I make a surprise visit to your office! 	surprise
	oh Happy birthdayi know that feeling Do something special for her A would be great	surprise
	the pup left me a peice of his chewed up blanket in my bag   How nice of him	surprise
	Its always a good day when your parents finally see your tattoo that youve had for three months 	surprise
	If I find an iQ under me seat in the theater I can keep the car? 	surprise
	Tu as de la chance que je vois flou que je suis fatigue etc   Je m'occupe de toi toute a l'heure  	surprise
	Packing my daughters stuff She is going to her dads house for thanksgiving Her grandma and uncle are there She doesnt know Lol	surprise
	Poinsettia plants being put out right now! Never seen that 	surprise
	“kevinHulsmans: Next year at farnese vini”  good luck next year!!	surprise
	someone has become the running joke of this household (:   	surprise
	Yo bitch gobble gobbled my nuts 	surprise
	Last class with LH  review class  	surprise
	Nuvvila package in this winter season and going to watch the movie so soon	surprise
	That Shit Crazy So I'm Just A Friend Now ? Woah Okay Then O_o 	surprise
	Cor heeft me weer opgezadeld met een berg werk wat ie ook prima zelf had kunnen doen… 	surprise
	monday night before break = thursday night on a normal week  	surprise
	 Everyone is actually nice on black friday 	surprise
	I always mistake the garbage disposal switch for the light switch 	surprise
	although I eat more every other day than todaywasn't in the eating mood 	surprise
	Coming home to my dad cleaning my room Hope u don't see the baby stuff in my desk grandpa! Lol 	surprise
	 when you are the dude who told about johncmayer's said cancer 	surprise
	RT BestWorstAdvice: Want to let your parents know that you're gay? Tell them during Christmas dinner 	surprise
	why does everyone talk about snow like we don't live in canada 	surprise
	  yeh it will be fun!  dress up girls were going to the hottest place in town 	surprise
	kijken naar mijn papiermasjee ding en denken hmmm er moet nog veel gebeuren tot dat het een groten axe deo wordt  	surprise
	Volgende ronde: een dj-draai/scratchtafel Beginnen en maar zien wat ontstaat Eerst lp's in de verf (pizzaonderkanten) 	surprise
	Neil Patrick Harris is gay? oh god Barney the chickboy from how i met your mother is gay 	surprise
	 sleep eat homework oh and cheer? 	surprise
	Bringin Wendy's to work for dinner pause not	surprise
	I think I should throw her a partyyeah imma throw her a party 	surprise
	I love cleaning my room and finding a $100 in my jacket pocket 	surprise
	 welcome to Stjohns where Jesus is our main priority we can set you up with your unexpected soulmate	surprise
	Seeing someone in a picture and think they`re 6 feet tall Catch a glimpse of them in real life and they`re barely 5 	surprise
	Half hour away from the love of my life and I come bearing a treat :-) 	surprise
	 my 16th birthday partyI was scared shitless 	surprise
	right If I show up I show up if I don't I don't 	surprise
	decided to hit up twitter today 	surprise
	Christmas is almost here Damn idek whaa i want I kno whaa ima get my girl though 	surprise
	Happy Birthday !!! its about time you got here (:	surprise
	Stoke score from a set piece ( corner ) 	surprise
	What was the best gift you ever received? Mine was a shirt from friends: The girl can't rap but she sure can write 	surprise
	Time to figure out new years eve!  :)	surprise
	I think the sodomy bot would surprise you when  uh  pbennett2434	surprise
	en route to the HQ of Intercontinental Hotels in Denham Buckinghamshire which is also the home of Cilla Black 	surprise
	is trying to KILL US THIS WEEK New haircut  Raising Hope and his for ASIA! OMGOMGOMG 	surprise
	I completely forgot I was wearing a pink shirt this morning Looked down and was expecting my grey pinstripes 	surprise
	Oh shit I am soooo screwed for this quiz 	surprise
	ok Im preferably trying to give them away to someone wit tix already who lives relatively close  you meet the criteria	surprise
	scuffles in the garden - a rat ran balancing along the side fence this afternoon a blackbird flew out of the middle of a hedge 	surprise
	win overtime game with a ranked team on a wednesday night	surprise
	Snel eten maken dan vanmiddag maar eens maken met de kids voor school School houdt je zo wel bezig! Wat zullen we eens bedenken?	surprise
	for christmas everyone is getting my hand wrapped notes! 	surprise
	en dan moet ik er nog 2 maken ook!! 	surprise
	shock horror Computicket don't learn from their mistakes 	surprise
	My huge paper is due tomorrow not next week 	surprise
	Super leuke avond gehad bij schoonouders en even bij gerben beetje jammer dat ik uit glee nog meer pijn 	surprise
	Gonna punch in the face the second he looks down to read this 	surprise
	en ja je raad het al nu ben ik klaar met de nietmachine en heb ik de lijm en de plakband weer nodig! 	surprise
	u know u got that dirt road ent going! that was your shit homie!!!    that trend will never happen again i can bet that 	surprise
	What would this lady do if I did my future occupation on gogo dancing?! 	surprise
	Beloning voor een dag hard werken: koffie en appeltaart! 	surprise
	Heb een lolly gekregen met 12 lolly's erin en 18 chocolade munten  kleine cupcake (lipgloss zit er in) en zo'n beestje ofzo xD 	surprise
	The fugitive is such a good movie  	surprise
	It's funny when people next to you are humming really loud and probably think that you can't hear them  	surprise
	OMFG Californication girly band covered Skid Row 	surprise
	Santa Clause isn't real some people think cucumbers taste better pickled  OJ did that shit 	surprise
	Ja echt wel jammer maar ik kom snel naar A'dam en ik hebben wat voor je in petto -) 	surprise
	Remember that time I walked into guitar center and walked out with a guitar? 	surprise
	going out for a bit getting things ready for tonight be back around 5 minutes   	surprise
	Prolific offender released from prison this morning was met by officers at the prison gate and arrested for an aggravated Burglary 	surprise
	Off to hospital shortly operation scheduled for tomorrow am Hopefully back by Xmas otherwise see you in New Year 	surprise
	Whoa!  When did it become 3am??  I guess the best of days just last a little bit longer   	surprise
	Si on RT mon 4 000ème tweets la personne qui le fera en premier qui me follow pas encore bien sur me follow bah 	surprise
	ransacked meadows/brewhouse last night for all it was worth  opened up the wallet though 	surprise
	Don't feel good 	surprise
	My brother called Needs money  when I need something I get shit on yet everyone turns to me for help 	surprise
	Not telling anyone what the song for tonight is Gonna be a 	surprise
	hahahahah Journalism party tomorrow 7th hour Will you be making a appearance?	surprise
	sleep overs Tuesday after hockey!  and Wednesday we can have baking fiesta  for your bday!   	surprise
	Elle me conduit dans un bar sous terre Ils m'ont fait une fête ms j'suis déprimée j'arrive pas à y rester Ka bronze 	surprise
	Good to know the list of people I can trust was pretty much just cut in half 	surprise
	Looks like tomorrow's gonna be a great day after all! 	surprise
	ik heb m gisterav gauw afgemaakt Een heuse  Mag ik ni zeggen met n a4 gedicht 	surprise
	haha I'm guessing you've never experienced an Aussie summer before? :D 	surprise
	ik weet het een en ander van stofwisseling maar die kilo is er volgende week weer uit Ga je dat dan inpakken? 	surprise
	Wow the Camaro SS is so smooth 	surprise
	Ik heb echt een leuke armband en oorbellen gekregen van me broertje :D 	surprise
	Nic's just got an early Xmas pressie :D there's going to be an extra ofsted inspection Oh and btw it's tomorrow :D	surprise
	When you find out that a nice girl is actually a fucking bitch 	surprise
	That awkward moment when someone stabs you in the back and they think you don't know but you do 	surprise
	Dom is naked in the bath tub and I snuck into her house and I'm laying on her bed 	surprise
	Naturally I'm up this late when I have to drive 9 hours tomorrow 	surprise
	i secretly placed the watch on a shelf in my brothers room he hasn't seen it yet but he will eventually  !	surprise
	You should be excited for tonight's staff meeting libbydavis15 It'll be nothing like anything you've ever experienced before 	surprise
	Practice tonight need to find new music for competition season & this bitch thought she got rid of me I'm back )	surprise
	Nog even snel leren en dan klaarmaken en dan naar dansen 	surprise
	pfff ik haat knutselen-) gelukkig is mijn dochter wel een knutselkind dus die kan het volgend jaar mooi zelf-)) 	surprise
	We sang happy birthday to in Chuys and in Pinkberry It's the day of births WOOO!!!  	surprise
	LMAO calling me up for a game last minute ?	surprise
	if you do that you'll miss the surprise tonight! 	surprise
	I left my room for 5 mins and came back to see you IM me	surprise
	I have Doritos Cheetos big Nestle Crunch and a Snickers bar from Jhe ☺ 	surprise
	This is going to be a long  much needed journey Jersey this is my last hoorah  	surprise
	Remember that time we listened to S Club 7 in EU? 	surprise
	winning on a million levels Shhhhhh! tweet	surprise
	Taking my mom out for dinner after she gets home from work  	surprise
	Finally figured out what color I'm going to dye my hair 	surprise
	That awkward moment when you find a perfume box full of sensors! 	surprise
	Vanavond surprise afmakenpfoewát een werk!! Joehoe! Is er een  in de zaal?!? 	surprise
	GM y'all Just woke up for my 4am meal and found the potato salad and greens already cooked and waiting for me!!! =)	surprise
	good work so glad everything worked out for 	surprise
	: The audio script file is corrupted So I've to wait to get home to do work to it I'll do edits on the hard copy and re-type it 	surprise
