	I knowwww I feel sick thinking about it 	sadness
	Made me go through hell when she and him were going through heaven 	disgust
	YOU DIRTY LITTLE RASCAL GO BACK TO YOUR SHIT HOLE HOME AND DONT EVER TOUCH MY GOALIE   	anger
	When you wanna text a girl but there's no reply for days 	sadness
	122511 will be a very hard day for me  nt looking forward to it ! 	sadness
	You thought you had a friend w/ benefits but really you've been in a committed relationship for 2 months 	surprise
	I don't much but I'm very much afraid of what I'm starting to feel	fear
	For the first time in over a year I have original art to sell! I'll likely put it in my Etsy shop tomorrow 	joy
	 Don't mixing  brands If it works for you  XO :)	fear
	Unfortunately for you  your girlies I wasn't on photo duty last night I was on video duty 	fear
	Nothing better than hanging around listening to Childish Gambino with my dad Happy Thanksgiving everybody 	surprise
	if i am not peri i wish i could be a butterfly :) fly high and high and give people joy and happiness :)    	joy
	Writing a book together with another writer is a challenge and a thrill! 	joy
	There are only 2 types of motivation: Fear and Desire   	fear
	I love the face people  make at me when I sing in Korean  	surprise
	Been waiting for a bus that clearly isn't coming -___- :'(	joy
	  hoping for a better day wait I have conditioning 	joy
	1st game would be  but my disc is being dodgy skip to Lol ragdoll physics on people you kill hilarious screams to join it 	fear
	+1 :P RT It pains my heart to see leave 	sadness
	i had a sandwich today and didn't throw up 	joy
	I'd rather staple my eye lids shut than watch this garbage At least if my eyes are sewn shut I can pretend there's optimism afoot	disgust
	 I can imagine ur shocked face when u first find me at ur house ) !	surprise
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	Craving Nathansneed a Magwheels with tabasco and a coke light like right now 	sadness
	Her apologies dont help the fact that my face hurts!  	sadness
	Ive got a  n this that makes me very angry! I dnt know wats wrong wit me! I get angry nd moody 4 no reason! i need help!	anger
	Dejá pasar a la señora es de las frases más crueles que te pueden decir por la calle unos chiquillos jugando a la pelota 	sadness
	NOW people can start celebrating Christmas Poor turkey day was forgotten this year  	sadness
	Niggas be tryn to play females like they a piece of meatthats why i  no man and damn sure no  shawty	fear
	Oh no! RT BryTupper: Since you're taking steroids I'm sorry but your dreams of playing professional ball are now over	sadness
	That moment when you and that one person have nothinq to talk about but you still want to be textinq him 	sadness
	Watching the new Factor episode love this show	fear
	of turning weak at the lack to satisfy my material needs turn down my pen and join the right forces	fear
	When Harris teeter doesn't have triple stack Oreos 	anger
	Seeing your photos that twitter has some startled me it seems that you have a demon inside the body 	fear
	Heartbroken that Robin will never have kids sorry for the spoiler 	sadness
	 Main name board of almost every public/private office/shops in Lalbaug is of Black  While colour 	surprise
	Christmas shopping with my aunt 	joy
	I want a pillow pet for christmas me	surprise
	Every word that comes out of my mouth I pray it doesn't push you away 	fear
	fiquei super curiosa! Porque afinal de contas: qual dos milhares de figurinos da GAGA??? 	surprise
	Ready for this week to be over so I can get 2 presentations out of the way! I HATE talking in front of the class wahhh 	fear
	««not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »»	fear
	Just got home from my first duty at al-sad PECwawa mga baby kapag extract ng blooddi q ata kakayanin 	sadness
	Literally discussing shit in class 	disgust
	I think it's funny ya'll tweetin' bout my hood It's not surprising it made that show The met breeds hoodrats and gangbangas	surprise
	Had a coffee about 2 hours ago and I'm coming up like a bastard with the and jitters now! Need 2 naggins to calm me down !!!	fear
	“Its NOT the You Put in Someone's Heart its that  You Gone Receive !”	fear
	and loathing my man fear and loathing -Hunter S Thompson 	fear
	honestly idgaf who you aree if you piss me off I wanna meet  fck you up 	anger
	let's hope so I purchased two one for me and mom Hers works mine not so much 	sadness
	I have to get up at 8 in the morning and drive back to Smyrna  	joy
	Good Morning Tweeps! Happy Wednesday We're half-way there! Do something amazing today   	joy
	bad hair day wednseday  we have cheer pictures today  	joy
	I failed at making your mom's spinach dip 	sadness
	So So mad at you for bringing your girlfriend a  I hate you guys :( but not really	surprise
	i also try to select my seat as a window seat where somebody has already selected the aisle 	joy
	is a primitive  that's your friendIt warns you to pay attention when ur in dangerit tells you to do or act to save yourself	fear
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Stopped today for gas in a small town to my an attendant came to tell me we are full  Do you young  have a clue	surprise
	is the source of  Don't be scared we're all One  	fear
	Ughhhhh I have to cut my hair for basic and it has to be above my collarsoon to be  ) 	sadness
	Got to work and didnt have to work trip to see Darrell!!!!!!	surprise
	Looks like  I have some wild berry gummies since told us to throw them out    =)	surprise
	The whole time I've been working my brother has been sleeping! Fat slob! 	anger
	The Christmas season has officially begun! Watched The Grinch with a mesmerized 2 year old grandson on my lap  	joy
	Seriously why put on a crappy programme about god damned cauliflower - and them spend the hour on your phone? 	anger
	A  man may feel more than you and me But he doesn't show it	fear
	Pretty snowfall lump o' dried cat barf found in couch Tempted to keep drinking tea  pretend I never saw it 	surprise
	haha it's the same guy from the summer!  its a long time for a guy to have my attention this long!  	surprise
	my life is a mess what is wrong with me? 	sadness
	Joy unspeakable joy overflowing well no tongue can tell Joy unspeakable joy rises in my soul never let's me go 	joy
	I wasn't good enough for 24hr fitness thought they were going to call me at least not send me a meaningless rejection email! 	sadness
	haha your text that said Yup ? and so do i going w/ yulia bc we have to take a psych test at like 6:15 	joy
	My attempt at purple hair failed It is the same colour 	joy
	Oooo just been offered a brand new laptop with zero cost! Shame it's spam :( 	sadness
	All I listen to lately is mayday parade  	sadness
	I love showing up to class and finding out I have a test 	surprise
	Sinnita this is priceless watching  I thought Gillian Mckeith was bad	fear
	HAHAHAH oh my life that's been on there for yonks LOL oh well :) hahaha funnyyy! Sorry for beig weird hahaaa	surprise
	Whenever I talk to you I always feel so comfortable yet I feel that force that tells me not to get to close 	fear
	Ok I'm done for real only 30% of niggas circumcised anyway!! Dick be hard and still got saggy skin 	disgust
	 is quite romantic! They will drive 100 miles just to tell you they love you  	surprise
	When you make a promise with the one that you trust and the break it like a toothpick 	sadness
	I love finding things I never even knew I had with the tags still on it   !	surprise
	happened to me and my  too They made me buy it back for 100€ under threat of a knife   	anger
	did you do the thing? my phone broke 	surprise
	Mungkin perlu buat twitter penuh news feed aku dengan status dia	joy
	bon bon good luck tonight I'll see you after meet me at the roxbury 	surprise
	Mama always say anything ova a hundred is a gift lmao  So That Mean He Get It Back Right lol	surprise
	 you cannot put my presents under the tree already I like the 	surprise
	Good night and Happy December!!        	joy
	It sucks I can't sing in the shower at school 	sadness
	 removes tears and fears and bring  and into your life	joy
	Two fire alarms taking away your lounges and sleep 	sadness
	I have a date 2mw I haven't been this excited to go out in months I feel the need to look pretty  get flowers 	joy
	I will spend most of my day before my birthday studying for my permit test  	joy
	when yur dad's anger and yuu laugh	anger
	that tweet is the reason im on twitter!couldnt have put it better my self FUCK OFF VOODOO FUCK OFF THE DEN FUCK OFF FACEBOOK 	anger
	Taking my mom out for dinner after she gets home from work  	surprise
	SUPER great ending to the day! :) 	surprise
	Why doesn't  sell their music on iTunes? IM TIRED OF THE POSERS!!   	anger
	Hey it's one hour after taking my birth control and now I'm starving just kidding it happens every day	surprise
	Van Spanje tot down under staat een  klaar gelukkig zonder aldaar Van te voren alles op een rij dat maakt je toch 	surprise
	is 's source In Nia (a   practice) JOY is like a voice coming fr w/in an energy of being alive! wwwjennhicksca	joy
	my bus route it absolutely ridiculous 	anger
	Feel worse than I did before and I cant get back to sleep 	surprise
	EmilySandvold: crystal balls this week say whaaaaaaat?   is still grounded 	anger
	Amazing presentation on  students of  on campus   	fear
	Momma Sarah and these meals!!! gurlI don't wanna leave but if I stay I'll be 350 lbs by Christmas -) 	joy
	Let's drink some beer  more beer my music's trying to tell me something	fear
	Sorry if I didn't reply to you yesterday the Internet stopped working :( 	sadness
	The movie click is old but one of my favs the ending when he dies makes me tear up 	sadness
	I shouldn't be allowed to do anything when I'm sad or mad Just makes the others get more hurt :s +  = ?*!?	anger
	Five Finger Death Punch-Under and Over It makes me wanna go kick someone's ass I am full of today	anger
	one more class then I'll be done with classes for my first semester of college :))    	joy
	WHY DO THEY NEVER PUT HOOK ON TV AT CHRISTMAS? there's no adventure here Pricks 	sadness
	“the world is mud-luscious and puddle-wonderful”& ee cummings   	joy
	Wowza!! 51 followers!!??? Thnx soo much!!!! I try 2 follow every single person that follows me if i dont i will! 3  	joy
	ah! That would happen to you!! And can't believe you go home when we go back 	sadness
	too bad ill be stealing you and zane for the break cause i miss you so much 	surprise
	guess I'm finding out how far my car will go with no gas 	joy
	Me llegó un cheque de estimulo federal este año tambien hay? 	surprise
	My sweet boyfriend showed up at my door with a chocolate chip waffle for breakfast  	surprise
	figured thats why your were talking bout blankets n shit ps im stowing away in your suitcase for the trip 	surprise
	Een brand op hart van nederland -__-	surprise
	when won AI I was in his hometown of Garner Then he had a party in Southern Pines where I was! Never saw him 	sadness
	Feel weird to be back in Derby doesn't feel like home to me anymore 	sadness
	Come visit me at Cerritos mall Here all night by myself 	sadness
	If I can survive til 4 pm Thursday I'll be happy af 	joy
	Got ur pressie already Its not that bt u wont be disappointed )	surprise
	yeah I seriously forgot how it feels to sleep damn and I had my sleep pattern all good to 	anger
	Phewwww!!! THANK YOU DARLING :) HAVE A GLAMTASTIC WEEK!! COUNTING DOWN TO XMAS!!!   	joy
	why won't asos accept my nus number? grrrrr 	anger
	ano mate thats why im asking so i can prepare to take care this time unlike last time i know mate you are that 	surprise
	First day of works pretty fun 	surprise
	CANT STOP BRAGGING MAC MILLER IN MARCH W/ME DJING DANBURY CT!!! 	surprise
	Fallin asleep with tights on at someone else's house is so fun especially whn he can't find the top of'em! 	joy
	 voted yes on maintaining current gun laws: guns sold without trigger locks   	fear
	i feel so lonely in my basement right now 	sadness
	check your mail Please -) important for you from your fans	surprise
	why the hell not and check your twitter once you wake up :P 	surprise
	People from grade school need to grow the fuck up Sorry you're lives are going nowhere have fun with your boring pathetic lives 	disgust
	just told me I am pear shaped 	joy
	“Never got so close to punching someone in a day problems”      don't hurt em NaNa	anger
	Gonna be awake all night after seeing those snakes 	fear
	woooowww sounds awesome for you sister!! 'D  And yup I'm that type of persons that you were about to say x'D 	surprise
	Biz Marke has fallen so low 	sadness
	I legit just used my AP Stylebook for the 1st time outside of taking a test on it 	surprise
	Thought I'd gotten myself a fly orange jersey online turns out it was from China  credit co rejected the purchase 	sadness
	im jealous i lost mine 	sadness
	Look me in my eyes don't believe the lies please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Not amused Seen my Christmas prezzie pile from mother and father So small :( 	sadness
	Mum and Dad left £20 and some sweets on our bed 	surprise
	 slipping in public surrounded by a million people 	fear
	Do you really know the person that you're gonna marry? There's always a side of them that you'll find out after you tie the knot 	fear
	All I know is that I love you and can't go a day without thinking about you So why do you make it so hard to get along with??  	sadness
	The problem isnt the training or the prep or the lead up My fault comes when it's actually time for me to take the starting line 	fear
	you got an xbox live trial at your place that I can use? Sledge cancelled his  	sadness
	the hook of the door keeps hooking onto my lace shorts it is ripping the lace 	sadness
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	YES! the ipod that i dropped in water 3 months ago is now working once again :) will apple replace ipods for stuff like that?? 	joy
	This song played when mark walberg banged Reese whitherspoon on the roller coaster 	fear
	Just heard Pat Hill is out as FresnoSt HC 	surprise
	I found my long lost loved clothes!! 	joy
	 you think they are talkin about you but find out it's not you that whole time lol damn would hate that 	fear
	Will you backdate city badges soon? I did my massive Europe tour with check-ins last year 	sadness
	i hate making a new tumblr and forgetting all the good blogs i followed before 	sadness
	Finally finished that laundey! I forgot i had some of these clothes i just hung up! 	surprise
	in thy call you Sister in  thy hate U	fear
	Now it's time for a boss evening to begin 	surprise
	Rather nervous for the horse riding now It was on the resolution list about 4yrs ago so im going to be pretty chuffed But um 	fear
	Dont release inside me syndrome 	fear
	Christmas spirit where art thou? I can't feel you here in Dubai 	sadness
	goedemorgen The coconut isn't breakfast but intended for a St Nicolaas (Sinterklaas)  	surprise
	Finally done at school now straight to work till 11 	joy
	What a great gift for my Secret Santa! cc glambr	surprise
	goodnight Greyson I hope you have very sweet dreams(: I can't wait for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥	surprise
	ewwwwe McDonald's is soooo I'm so anti McDonald's and they're to expensive and don't even fill u up 	disgust
	RIP mico  Im tired of crying I juss know you in a better place now  	joy
	Kai  BadtMan_MarQuiz: took a leak  he sed he feels like he jst had an orgasm 	sadness
	this is the first year im not watching the macy's thanskgiving day parade since i was like 5 	sadness
	Palmetto State rivalry game = 	surprise
	its 4am and I'm wide awake Sore throat  lots of water :(	joy
	a Terrific Thanksgiving to you hon!     and! ) Have a great one	joy
	Not playing Skyward Sword today 	sadness
	Such a shame to go from great hope several months ago to 	disgust
	Lead in bed thinking about my Novembers in 2009 2010  2011 Something they have in common?!  	sadness
	On a train towards the Wharfand there's signalling problems 	joy
	I walked more today and yesterday than all the days of this month combined  	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Good Night! Been ill for almost a week now Never taught I would actually say that I look foreward to school tomorrow 	surprise
	Mums gonna kill me  my sister when shes back from shopping saturday in here birthday 	surprise
	I swear Chat hates me today :-/ 	sadness
	you are never gonna guess what shirt I'm wearing tomorrow 	surprise
	2 hours in a cold as waiting room is the perfect way to spend a friday -_- 	joy
	why does everyone talk about snow like we don't live in canada 	surprise
	first semester of  coming to an end :( 	sadness
	woke up this morning to find an inch of snow on the ground? 	surprise
	What's all this sunshine bullshit? (Payday today) 	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I lived today ”	fear
	There is a green Taurus for sale (the only kinda car my parents wanna get me) in the save a lot parking lot  they refuse to go look! 	anger
	Girlfriend end work so early today 	surprise
	Happy Thanksgiving! So much to be grateful for     	joy
	lush I have three children and xfactor final to look forward to 	joy
	theyre good they may help me finish off the rest of the house in addition to my broken couch and dresser 	anger
	that girls a WHORE RT iSlapHoes_2_Slp: Candy deep throat is just a regular bitch who is extremly open about her love to suck penis	disgust
	Nightmare about war Freaked the fuck right out of me      	fear
	Scared as hell to get those feelings so maybe i should stop this b4 it begins 	fear
	When you find the perfect journal article for your essay but have to pay to read it Arggggggggggggh! 	anger
	Aw how cute ^^ RT keepingupw_Liz: dude my parents just came back from a one week vacation  they're still all over eachother 	disgust
	Bed early! Until someone wakes me with a phone call in the middle of the night 	surprise
	if I don't love it I don't swallow I dare you to guess which movie that's from! 	surprise
	We all are not worthy of God's forgiveness We are saved by His loving grace Don't harbor resentment  	anger
	afrolicious: nigeria passed the anti-gay bill and so it's begun 	sadness
	Oh my gosh!!! Snow!!!!!! First time in 2 years I've seen it!!!! 	joy
	And it's windy I will never be able to sleep right! Why do I wind --	fear
	we can't stop here this is DRONE country!!! 	fear
	Nem queria ir á escola amanhã Mais terá pro Léo e eu já paguei bora aproveitar o dim dim né	surprise
	Bout to be up all night doing homework 	joy
	Overheard during Thanksgiving dinner: They're going to PROVIDENCE executions drive-bys murder rate that awful parking garage 	fear
	Ughh time to wake up for work 	joy
	Oh me tooand working out RT meeemmss: Studying for my ACT on a friday night Funnnnn	joy
	Wilde vandaag gaan  en mijn afmaken in plaats daarvan lig ik  in bed met een geimproviseerde kruik	surprise
	Panda Express tastes better when you're alone in a car  	sadness
	The sad feeling you get when you know someone you like will be leaving  	sadness
	So who won  tweeps? I missed the end on the plane 	sadness
	Plan for the last assignment is done Just need to write the bloody thing now 	joy
	My Christmas Wishthe super selfish one: to have my family in the same place at the same time watching Muppets Christmas Carol  	joy
	Sometimes the most dysfunctional friends can turn out to be the wisest ones God has a strange sense of humor sometimes! 	surprise
	A cousin keeps telling me education past high school is a sham Too bad he cant spell or make an argument correctly  	sadness
	I dont even fuckn know! Big changesand everyone of em can suck my balls!!!!   	anger
	It's like your lover or more like a ghost I spend the day wondering what you do where you go 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Less under our tree means more for the world! What does this look like for you  me as we consider giving to others this Christmas? 	joy
	I feel as though I live in  because there are things I'd like to say in this  post but losing my  	fear
	Colis de pains d'epices de la part de les parents Une bonne !	surprise
	finally eating this food! in my room alone 	joy
	spread your wings and prepare to fly  ) SOON!!!	surprise
	that  onside kick was crazy 	surprise
	Today is a good day except wishing I was home 	sadness
	Can't Believe I Was On The Verge Of Risking Everything I Worked So Hard For	anger
	Twitter allows me to express myself more clearly so here is my twitter version of no     	anger
	Just wrote a big long tweet and then BAM it disappears!!Grrrrrr 	anger
	Ugh! I Left My Favorite Plastic Headband AT THE FIELDS ! :( 	anger
	i think that if your friend asks for support you give it to them without judgment 	sadness
	you know what really gets me going ABessey13's love of speaking in Spanish and owl city 	anger
	I dont care what adjectives Critics used for itbut I loved d way I took it easy  enjoyed myself throughout READY  	surprise
	Got my script for the play!! Kinda sad w/ my talking amount 	sadness
	I really don't like holidays I miss my parents being together! Its just not the same 	sadness
	… et t'as pas encore tout vu !!! 	surprise
	Concered my of hights today! Went all the way to the top of climbing! Sooo proud and beat enrique on quad biking!:D love my girls x	fear
	 Noss agora eu to com medo! Deu um trovão aki do lado de casa que a porta ta tremendo meu tercinho ta tremendo tb  	fear
	Realistic bad dreams really suck especially when about someone close to you Must resist urge to call them at 3 am 	sadness
	Love chilling with my poodle on a saturday night 	joy
	wake up yaaaaa bum I'm picking you up in 45 minssss:) 	surprise
	i wonder what happen to  lol just fell off the side of the map huh? 	sadness
	On my one day off this week I'm doing the washing up and a load of washing 	joy
	Good thing all the union station exits dtla are all being blocked by cops Got lost now chilling at the hobo capital of the world 	joy
	je savais qu avec les massai il y a tjrs une  pour les 	surprise
	Goodmorning :)  Going to morning service ♥  then coming home to cuddle in my bed for the rest of the day :)	joy
	bArab Quran tnyt beda dg bArab sehari2 Bacaan saya saja masih lebih bagus daripada si imam Arab tadi :) 	surprise
	Dear SouthwestAir I love you and hate you all at the same time! See you at 8! of flying :/	fear
	eh lo so perché è fidanzato con un'altra donna tra l'altro mezza italiana 	sadness
	Fucking Barber I swear to GOD 	anger
	I miss football season at ACA :/ 	sadness
	Work today Thursday and Friday 	joy
	Shut your dirty mouth!!! This is one of those days when I need flowers! 	sadness
	Happy birthday to a pretty cool girl  	surprise
	I keep missing and 's give-a-ways becuase of work I just want one	anger
	Cant sleep I forgot my sleeping pill-__- I HAVE to wake up at 6 tomorrow Thos is gonna be fun	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  via TweetCaster	fear
	A great rainy day to be running around inspecting 10+ properties today 	joy
	now that you have a twitter i think you should jump aboard the  train this way we can end fanzoid321's 	sadness
	Well the night might actually turn out better than i thought it would 	surprise
	Spending my day doing points recovery 	joy
	I'm scared to learn cause I'm scared of truth 	fear
	Teehee RT dahlhalla: That terrifying day has comewhen you realize your team is playing ShannonPoe's team! 	fear
	Just made first eye appointment in nearly six years I wonder how blind I now am? 	fear
	my mom asked me if cole caught a deer this year mom you kill deer	sadness
	But hello world and I'm back at work now except that my husband seems to have consumed the last Coke Zero  	sadness
	I fucking dont like bitches  if i wasnt God fearing  living for my child I would kill one of these bitches  I SWEAR ! 	anger
	I agree! Slept like a bear last night RT avocateQ8: Sleeping in on weekends ♡ 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Laying on a bench outside under the trees while the rest of the family decorates 	joy
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	I arrive home and is sitting in my kitchen eating mashed potatoes !	surprise
	My  this time of year loritish   love and just SAY Xmas! 	joy
	Cuando la casa es sola mia la arreglo La arreglo para que mas tarde poder  Jajajajajaja 	surprise
	do u know hσω funny it is as I check my time line n the word Penis is there? 	surprise
	Drinking tonight doesn't really help my knee Just makes me forget Until I try walking 	surprise
	Eating beef noodle 	joy
	I am the hemophiliac of keeping twitter followers Hemophiliacs are the hemophiliacs of bleeding to death from papercuts 	anger
	What's up with blue xmas lights? 	disgust
	Orthodontist apt today 	joy
	hahahaha ouais c'est clair moi aussi je ne sais mm pas quoi avoir a Noel avec ma miff faut s'attendre a tt lool 	surprise
	has had a great day Doesn't want jiggs to leave for work 	sadness
	omg FLUFFY TAIL KEYCHAIN GO AWAY THEY ARE DISGUSTING STOP MAKING IT A THING CAUSE ITS NOT AND IT NEVER WILL WOIEUROIWEUR 	anger
	Moody's have projected our economic growth to rise by 1% in the new year slower that the Gov projected - Another miscalculation 	surprise
	Happy Thanksgiving! Yes the diet has to start haha  	surprise
	AGnes ya esta alla con ellos yo solo la alcanzo y la esquiadita los lifts estan a 10 min de su casa :) 	joy
	There are 10 books on the shelf and someone decides to request mine :/ typical    	anger
	Good daynothing learning today ! 	surprise
	Jillian_McNamee just started baking I bet you can't guess what I'm making for tomorrow 	surprise
	Kinda hard to tell someone to stop using their voice when they are the queen of car singing 	sadness
	12 longggg hours with my parent NOT 12 long ass hour with my sister GOD HELP ME 	joy
	I'm betting I will have a knew profile picture for everyone who comes to the game tonight MMMcKinn3y	surprise
	Cowboys  Aliens is actually a pretty good movie despite it's elementary title 	surprise
	came home today and was sad to see that you really werent here! :/ 	sadness
	Hard as hell to have when you are tapped into True Knowledge of Self  are driven by the God within you	fear
	2 hours down Only about 9 left My turn to drive and cops are out everywhere 	joy
	So I deleted the angry birds app on my phone because I didn't know how toplay :( 	sadness
	I have homeworkhaven't done it Massive :') xoxox	surprise
	So much love for the psychosocial video Love to see them live but seeing Clown live would probably kill me :/ 	sadness
	:) momm paid my car payment for me  didnt tell me !! -merry earlllyyy christmassss to me	surprise
	My Daddy doesn't know me  my son will be at the airport tomorrow when he touches down! Hehe 	surprise
	leaving camp today 	sadness
	Hey les petits amis quoi de mieux pour commencer la semaine qu'un petit cadeau des  ?! surveillez bien   	surprise
	I wish I could fall asleep so everything would stop hurting       	sadness
	Realizing that church today is going to be my only me time I have for a while 	sadness
	I'd plead not guilty if she's a fresher 	surprise
	The Scary Moment when your teacher says that they're gonna start calling on random people 	fear
	Minggu depan bawa slide slide agama pas sma deh buat kuliah yang ditanya udah pada lupa semua 	surprise
	The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one ~ Elbert Hubbard 	fear
	You know I spend money because spending time is hopeless 	fear
	O BUNS POUR MOI C RS4 SANS OEUF PAIN TORTILLA SAUCE POOIVRE SANS OGNON E SUR LES FRITE SAUCE BLANCHE E POIVRE O CAS OU !!! 	surprise
	gedichtje en surprise af Wordt een mooie avond 	surprise
	twitter wont let me go far enough back into my mentions to find out how we met 	sadness
	ps there no spider nests in your car is there? If there is then I'll be driving not you hahaha 	disgust
	I absolutely hate my neighbors dog it barks all the fucking time for no fucking reason 	anger
	Who said you could go on vacation chadtweets??  It's not everyday that I make a surprise visit to your office! 	surprise
	HOW DID YOU KNOW MY UNCLE WAS A CRAZY CONSERVATIVE!!! He wears a helmet in his own car 	fear
	Terrible mood and I feel like I'm dying 	joy
	Rain in state college? 	surprise
	 RT Federal_flashes: Why? Rt Section_88: I stare at the button to unlock these tweetsBut i just can't click that mf	fear
	My God my Life and my man = endurance: physically mentally emotionally and of course spiritually    	joy
	Missed Amazing Race  60 minutes cut into the TiVo  	sadness
	ed io vorrei un mondo senza guerreLa chiesa ha più potere oggi di quanto lo avesse con i precedenti governi  	fear
	perfect day to start the Christmas movies POLAR EXPRESS 	joy
	I hate getting followed on twitter following that person then getting unfollowed 	sadness
	Hope is what is keeping me going right now! RT Fuzywuzy8: Without hope what do we have in life?   	sadness
	going thru that 2nd second stage of Grief eh? 	anger
	I am so jelly I'm in public I can't be pantless It is cold 	sadness
	With Summer Katie and Bonnie My life and Bonnie's life sucks Haha We are laying in our sad spots 	sadness
	After all that ive been through I still have  The joy of the Lord is my strength The devil cant steal my joy  GM TWEEPS!!!!	joy
	ewww she got that nasty ass default like she cute 	disgust
	The word limit is 2000 words Words in excess of the limit will NOT [underlined] be marked So I think no leeway :( 	sadness
	Just saw an empty Summer Shandy box next to my Aunt's fridge But no Liene to be found 	sadness
	DUM MAARO DUM  Slick Scandalous Cool AND hardly embarrased of the fact that it aspires to be so	surprise
	 you got all them extra piercings started acting dumber and pulled out that cigarette  	disgust
	This morning I watch Despicable Me since I discovered that has never seen it 	sadness
	N E V E R LET A BITCH NOR BITCH NIGGA PUT A N Y IN YO 3 -___-	fear
	I was just about to shove this guy's flowers down his throat 	anger
	Courage is knowing what not to fear - Plato   	fear
	Headache first thing in the morning :(	joy
	One Day completely sad endingg! I cried 	sadness
	Fuck all yall we ignore feelins here pre mature millionaire 	fear
	At home sick and today is the day they decide to test the fire alarms in my apartment building  	anger
	Getting happy when you see you I've a mention but it's just spam 	sadness
	 PJ Gore is in no way related to frank gore 	sadness
	SUPER grateful for da blessing of 2day  da ones to come Thank You God 4 all u've done!!!!!!!!!! heart of 	joy
	Been up all night I dozed off once n woke up n thought it all was a dream But then I realized he was really gone 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	My moms phone is stuck on all caps when she texts So now shes not only yelling at me in person but when she texts me too 	joy
	we should be watching right now at the brat stop sending you my love hope to see you guys soon!	sadness
	Theres something amazing about connecting with friends from childhood and feeling like theres never even been distance 	joy
	 when you're watching Hall Pass with your dad's side of the family and a big black dick appears on the screen 	surprise
	Gunna spend the day doing homework 3 	joy
	Salamwah po! :)Di po ako makakpunta maya :( Baka sa RDR nalang po Hoho Gusto ko pa naman  	sadness
	night bitches :) just leave me hanging here by myself oh well  	sadness
	Yesterday somebody won an album  today there is more awesome digital releases Guess what's happening tomorrow?! :) 	surprise
	I can recall knowing of one person named Rex He killed himself I'd like to bring this number up to at least three  	anger
	 Real Estate - Days last day of regular music before my vast Christmas archive kicks into action for a month 	joy
	Thank God my car is fixed- public transport's shit- packed stinking trains- freezing cold dark damp and now a bloke heavily snoring 	joy
	It seems like I'm sharing the same feeling with everybody tonight 	sadness
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Tech is pretty awful AND didn't answer when I called her on the school phone 	sadness
	Today I wrote a to-do list and the ooonly thing that gone donewas the actual writing of the to do list!  	sadness
	Christmas music at CITB band practice!! 	joy
	 to be heading to Cape Town 2day! Is it just me or is that in the air? :D 	joy
	at this time last week we were on the way home 	sadness
	i am black  i do indeed have lots of luscious weave( 	surprise
	sweet reunion  fellowship with the worlds greatest 9th graders! you'll always be my 8th graders  	joy
	Driving my family 2 any where is no fun ! !	fear
	These voices they tell me go Why should i ever go Mann im so comfortable here Why should i head to a place where people live in 	fear
	And a house fire interrupts my night 	joy
	is the serving dish for the great Entree called 	fear
	ooh having great ideas when you're emotionally overwhelmed :  	surprise
	C'est maintenant confirmé! Nous aurons toute une activité pour la Nuit Blanche de MTLenLumiere! Détails à venir! 	surprise
	Lol that nasty bitch reminds me of Bobby's ex girlfriend  hoodrat 	disgust
	Leave it to Mr Brown to make my day better 	surprise
	my computer no longer functions without freezing every time I click on something 	sadness
	It's Christmas Time!  Landon Paige and I read The Night Before Christmas and watched Charlie Brown's Christmas Special! 	joy
	last month I bought tickets to the zoo and now I can't afford the train fare to get there   :( 	sadness
	I miss   and football season 	sadness
	I miss you already This break will suck 	sadness
	Gonna weep in a corner for a bit        	anger
	My love wont text me back 	sadness
	Mais n'importe quoi Tu vas les atteindre tes 25ans je veux pas payer des frais d'envoi pour rien! :)	surprise
	Towards the end of that video I prompted an exchange about Neck Tattoo Barbie through the chatroom  they were pro-neck tats 	surprise
	My mom and brother are debating on whether I'm a nerd or a bum 	joy
	L'ultima speranza di veder rinsavire era questa data Che triste conferma Togliere la parola prescindere dal vocabolario 	sadness
	MoDivineLuv Good Morning Your all happy this morning wanting to dance 	joy
	I mean you clearly want people to ask but then they do and you don't respond Knock it the fuck off! 	anger
	:( my travelocity gnome got knocked off his winter shelfunrepairable 	sadness
	i should have taken spanish but i wanted to be difficult Now i'm regretting my decision 	sadness
	stab me in the heart why don't you! lol  	sadness
	:  we have inexpresable joy even though we have trials because our faith is being tested and proven genuine  1 Peter 6-9	joy
	Yall dont understand how much mr Encalades room STINKS! Like im not even kidding  ! (The kids not him)	disgust
	Presque fini mon 2e travail c'est que je suis productive ce soir ! 	surprise
	thanks 4 having me Great seeing u Hope u home safe BED  hanging here  	fear
	I know :( I'm quite sad :'( I waved goodbye along with about 10 others :L they better fucking accept my friend request :L 	sadness
	Remember men need laughter sometimes more than food	joy
	Goodbye sore throat but hello cold?? 	joy
	Volevo rendere utile la mattinata abbozzando qualcosa sullo sketchbook ma mi hanno fottuto la matita 2H E la 4B E la gomma 	anger
	There is in every  /  Part of life but just do not let ya fear be mistaken for  n F up 	fear
	There is NO of any goon of any rich pastor that enters me Nor shall any one of them bring harm to my doorstep -- In the name of Jesus	fear
	The Greatest is the feeling Of Giving unconditionally with No Expectations  wanting Nothing in return !	joy
	Aww ____ I love how other people tell my baby things that I havent 	sadness
	Every time you tweet one of your protips I feel like it's aimed directly at me and I haven't even submitted anything yet! 	fear
	lol!! PS I'm posting a vocal reel on youtube Like more than half were produced by you 	surprise
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Now I kno why I don't like home it hurts too much to remember /3  	sadness
	Barca 5saraaaw 5saaraawwww ya shamaataatiii fehoom Madrid today fayzen w barca finally fell XD	joy
	Just noticed all of my tweets make me look so bipolar Up down Rollercoaster brain cant help it 	surprise
	well no test tomorrow its Sunday but I have to submit a paper online 2 more for Monday I really dont have enough time :[	joy
	mom just told me to bring everything i wanted for christmas up on the computer so she can order it onlineshes calling me lazy? 	surprise
	COME take pictures with Comet The Bear in the Pearson Commons from 12-2 PM! :) Christmas pictures!!!  	joy
	I love how God reveals himself to me in the most unexpected ways  :)	joy
	Great paper due tomorrow and more English bullshit 	surprise
	ughh I feel so bad : ( I can't win fast money for you cuz all the computers en mi casa are occupied!  	sadness
	Adriana just showed up on the porch Hooray for coming home early!! 	surprise
	Went to Pen tonight Walked by the Virgin kiosk hoping you'd be there You weren't 	sadness
	you switched to iPhone!!!! had no idea gotta delete u a a bbm contact now! 	sadness
	I NEED a good romantic quote for something special 	surprise
	milk is starting 2 taste weird /3	sadness
	He talks about   and : poor mouse staying still in front of the cat whereas it should run 	fear
	Cant wait to get this spinal tap tomorrow 	joy
	water level rising near my home  	fear
	The kitten that i just brought home last night is already lost I don't understand 	sadness
	Currently eating the worse oatmeal ever 	sadness
	factor is back tomorrow!	fear
	Warm honey December sun and singing loud with the windows down 	joy
	I am now going to attempt to get my hair cut 	fear
	Just checked it out - only for iPhone So guess my Droid-loving self can't use 	sadness
	  in  i hate exams i don't want 2 leave   my college	anger
	So so so tiredand I do not feel good	joy
	When microwaves only wanna heat up half of your meal 	anger
	My soul has just been pierced by the most evil look from rickosborneorg A mini panic attack  chill in bones followed soon after 	fear
	Watched for the first time last night  and   a great performance	fear
	I am so happy for you this was so much on ur mind for so long what a relief!! I could cry 	joy
	I love finding hidden pockets in my jackets (: 	surprise
	Wouldn't mind drop kicking some people in the face 	anger
	Left my charger at mt grandma's and my phone is dead! 	joy
	Family Christmas Card todayyy 	joy
	Oh holidays with the familyhow joyous it is to hear my father throw fits because the christmas lights aren't doing what he wants 	joy
	Rainy Mondays in Novemberbrrrrrrr  curiously beautiful  	joy
	I love taking a bunch of stupid pictures on other peoples webcams when they aren't paying attention 	surprise
	In the firm clutch of the and with a 7am training session in the morning things aren't looking particularly promising	fear
	Nog minder dan 2 weken schat 	surprise
	I can never eat a whole bag of popcorn no matter how hard i try 	sadness
	is never w/out a reason but seldom w/ a good one Benjamin Franklin    	anger
	Whaaa? You're going to jingle ball? I have been begging for tickets since september  I love TaioCruz	sadness
	Happy birthday enjoy your xoxo	surprise
	Just drank expired water from the dollar store  	joy
	Things happen when you least expect them! :D	surprise
	It's is our human right to be happy never settle for less than you deserv 	joy
	Yeeaahh ☺ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	So apparently I'm having my birthday tomorrow 	surprise
	You are supposed to come stay for a sleepoverin a virtual guest post with pjs kind of way *sigh*  	fear
	Gotta get up wayyy to early tomorrow That what I get for d-hall 	sadness
	Enjoy this Day Beautiful World and Planet Earth's wonderful people!!   	joy
	hey man back off pal!!! Haha 	sadness
	what time does  start? I don't even care about this game my team getafe is taking la liga by storm! 	surprise
	Finally the weekend starts and I have time to write again¸¸•*˚¨˚* ☆∗♥∗☆ But first some  for all the lovely people I follow!♡	joy
	Yo bitch gobble gobbled my nuts 	surprise
	So I'm still up! Just not feeling with an uplifted spirit but I aint trippin! Hopefully I can sleep it off of me! won't win!	sadness
	no1 deserves post weekend fear :(	fear
	The 3 reasons I miss living in Houston: Zio's Gringos and Casa Ole The food of my childhood! 	sadness
	Omg eewdont ever be fatnot cute post a twitpic of u in a bra  a granny thong that doesnt even match!Ughh what guy likes that? 	disgust
	Andy_Staples: LSU fans in this bar thrilled that Ok State is hammering Oklahoma LSU doesn't want to play Bama again 	fear
	Ladies I'm trying to become the spokesperson for Applebees Not a joke  	sadness
	You're like an Indian summer in the middle of winter Like a hard candy with a center	surprise
	Gene having his daily watch of The Snowman 	joy
	N'zogbia is look very good today  And the commentators are on about Darren bent not touching the ball 	joy
	Just watched a spider crawl across the room and into someone's backpack  	surprise
	How the hella do we lose Riley and Arlo White in the same day 	sadness
	My upstairs neighbors must be really really sad They are absolutely blaring Joni Mitchell's Blue 	sadness
	To live a  life we must lose our of being wrong  ~Joseph Chilton Pearce /via thatwiseyogi	fear
	Ten hour car ride home 	joy
	just woke up  time to do work   I'M FEELING JOYOUS 	joy
	I thought Friday was like 2 days ago 	surprise
	Do you ever feel the need to sing but are not able to find the right song to sing :(	sadness
	Laugh and Sniggle More than That! RT PraiseWalker: The average person laughs 13 times a day (Only 13?  Very very sad!)	joy
	 $ 4pink panthers w  today fed 60 ppl  soup kitchen  met new pppl connected w friends a very  day!  	joy
	I'm so tired and I have to work tonight still 	joy
	YES Hope had christmas lights and flicked on in the middle of singing 	surprise
	Ten minutes late to work today (again) and my boss is randomly there 	surprise
	I gag in myself wenever i hear my parents say sexci =/ 	disgust
	it's super easy one your get the hang of it! O/ the only thing is sometimes the quality doesn't turn out great 	sadness
	I can't retweet stuff in the public domain re T at the moment I hate people treating me as if I am clinically stupid 	anger
	Traumatized for life  My mama hit a deer  	sadness
	At what point does Fred Hoiberg's heart doctor get concerned? 	anger
	Yeah Am yet to see snow in real life I can only imagine!	sadness
	Some says is  i think its Something Normal were humans Not Gods  be Scared make mistakes the more Experience the more U Grow	fear
	So on the one night  I decide to get our social lives back on track it decides to rain 	sadness
	as you go eat your turkey tomorrow remember muslim terrorists eat turkey too probably more often because they don't eat pork 	fear
	I take it back rick tea biscuits are 	joy
	Have a dream your breath smells really bad wake up with cat throw up on your pillow 	surprise
	performance with a comedian dell Arte during the startup competition o) 	surprise
	This officially ends my stint at karaoke RIP Mrs Kelli's I will never forget your WOW shots and the many attempts at Afroman 	sadness
	Band concert tonight 	joy
	So it turns out that wearing a playsuit + tights = really not being able to go to the loo impromptu 	surprise
	I need my uncle to keep his teeth in his mouth! 	disgust
	U drink pickle juice like water RT dani_boii: Mhmmmm :) hahaha & laureeetah: Pickles  mayo 	disgust
	i love it when people show up at my house 	surprise
	Community service at the Oakland cemetery 	joy
	Do the work Do the analysis But feel your run Feel your race Feel the that is ~Kara Goucher	joy
	For all the hard work everyone at Betsson Tech just got iPaded! Everyone here has smiles like kids at Christmas today Thanks! 	surprise
	About to have soccer tryouts in zero degree weather 	joy
	I'm a casual noo  anat getting a pair of cruyffs and a stoney livin' it large	fear
	we will be arranging sat morning tennis tonight shall I put your name down for some more rage fuelled action? 	anger
	Moet nog een in elkaar toveren iemand een idee?	surprise
	Just some crappy drizzle but NOT SNOW!  	joy
	I not fine I guess its time to be alone Away 	sadness
	We fashion the rhyme/ and the Truth is the only Fit-  s/o   	surprise
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	come to find outnot many ppl know i write musiclol	surprise
	 when you find an adorable dress and you can't fit it because it's too big and they don't make a bigger size 	sadness
	 geslaagd morgen knutsel middag en dan nog week om 3 gedichten te schrijven 	surprise
	hehe otay I coming to your game this weekend 	surprise
	Nasty do it for the money factor	fear
	No one I wanted to win won tonight 	sadness
	Greatest fear in life Someone will find a way to retrieve everything I’ve ever googled   	fear
	I have to be at school in exactly 12 hours and I still have to finish my IB assignment 2 English assignments and a math assignment  	joy
	So the line was too long to get a salted caramel mocha //3 	sadness
	Suddenly I become part of your past I'm becoming the part that don't last I'm losing you and its effortless 	sadness
	Wow I haven't had this rush of adrenalin in a while 	anger
	I Owe I Owe It's Off to Work I Go!! Honk If You're Paying My Mortgaage!   	fear
	Missing you isn't the problem it's wondering if you'll ever come back that's killing me 	sadness
	Bringing my computer to the computer doctor :( Hopefully I can take it home tonight!  	sadness
	okay 2 papers down now just a ton more things left to do 	joy
	I have a that one day I'm going to sit to pee and something's going to bite my ass or worse my twat  	fear
	is used to control and limit choiceFear NOTHING!	fear
	my sissy in law been cooking all day  	joy
	Je fais des rencontres Magnifiques Mais j'espère ne pas les quitter sur des mots Pathétiques  My 	fear
	  RT WARNING! MALE RAPPER FOUND ILL AS SHIT! FILM AT 11!! STAT! 	surprise
	Trying to write a paper while my girlfriend is playing kingdom heartsnot fun 	sadness
	I guess I'd rather hurt than feel nothing at all!!!I need you now!!  it causes great 	sadness
	Gah nooo I need a ds light charger asap :( the battery is dying man there goes my educational fun 	sadness
	Great first half Keep it going browns! Knock on wood 	surprise
	Canonbury butcher has gifted me with a sack of beautiful beef bones which are now roasting for stock 	joy
	my  on people  things are so  people cant grasp nor understand so they it because of their 	fear
	I am loving the snow it makes a great atmosphere for a day of homework 	joy
	I have discovered the very pinnacle of human civilisation: the Ocado iPad App 	joy
	I just love learning about health insurance at 1am not! There is only so much that is interesting about insurance 	joy
	104 characters can't describe my feelings right now 	sadness
	to the World stuck in my head for the rest of my life	joy
	Certain man are trying to make their riches by playing roulette 	sadness
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  ””	surprise
	Leg 2: GUA to MIA = success Next Leg: MIA to IAD Customs and security first 	joy
	Newt says use every tool you can possibly use to gather evidence claims all of us will be in danger for the rest of our lives 	fear
	Once Monday rolls around my life after school will consist of either practice or the chiropractor 	joy
	I never  true  until I was with u  and I never felt true until u left me  	sadness
	whenever someone says my middle name i get nervous cuz thats what my mom calls me when shes angry that 	fear
	At the core of anger is either fear or hurt Learn to forgive for the hurt  you will resolve a lot of your issues	anger
	WHAT!? i have wait till next week? 	sadness
	heck sometimes i think i'm being followed by local police but i don't cause they're probably just protecting my right to protest	fear
	Why did  change Clare's character so much? I hate her now  	sadness
	May this be for you a day of grace with personal  deep abiding   	joy
	Word RT mindofH: look if we can't make the occasional crass sexual joke about serious protests the terrorists have already won 	fear
	due today Also the rent 	surprise
	and it dont matter if ur single or not! i have a beautiful missus as u know but this is the 2nd time in a week for me 	fear
	I will not tolerate divisions of any sort ANY sort Its safer not 2jump on bandwagons besides what did the band do 2U personally?	anger
	Fuck! Gulat ako sa katabe ko Biglang nilabas yung boobs mag papadede pala ng baby -__- hahhaha! 	surprise
	I feel like my hairs getting shorter  maybe its because i rash about short hair  	sadness
	Driving to berkly springs with my entire family 	joy
	Oh joy Nu weer storing Den Bosch - Eindhoven dus chaos op station 073  benieuwd waar ze de trein naar Breda landen Ah spoor 7 	joy
	Throat hurts headache runny nose I would like to stay in bed please Or I could go to work for 12 hours 	joy
	 reminds me of My Mother and I getting ready for our Annually trip to SpringfieldMA for   	joy
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	I'm getting such bad cramps  on top of it I'm so sick ____ and have tons  tons of laundry to do! 	joy
	It will the avid deep  listener Connecting those unaware of its   U'll Like them	surprise
	Went to the dentist and found out I have my first cavity in 10 years  	sadness
	My nigger lived for 6 years thinking he was HIV+ because his ex died of it and he tested for the 1st time this week and came out HIV- 	fear
	was that a period poop? it definitely smelled like a period poop 	disgust
	Ready to kidnap for a hippy-dippy Frisbee chucking granola munching tie-dye wearing LSD tripping evening 	surprise
	lost 2 followers today Maybe it was me saying I was hungry	sadness
	Yesterday i have the best dream! Khloe replay to and i were so happy! It was SO real! 	sadness
	When I find things at the bottom of shopping bags I forgot I bought  	surprise
	volgens mij is een  bouwen tegenwoordig makkelijker dan een maken zucht	surprise
	So like my mom's birthday is on December 10 I dunno what I should give her so I asked my bro  he almost told it to my mom -- 	surprise
	No school for me tomorrow Going practice though but all I get to do is sit there 	joy
	I want to keep going ) However I MUST get some rest tonight Just gave Caleb about 100 kisses on his stinking face I LOVE MY SON! 	joy
	Gleich muss ich als Volti Papa auch aufs Pferd und turnen  	fear
	What The Fuck So ready for this semester to be over 	anger
	When your words came I ate them they were my and my  's delight for I bear your name    Jeremiah 15:16	joy
	A little sad today My grandma's sister passed yesterday and I can't be there for granny! Damn college :-( 	sadness
	I hate feeling needy  	sadness
	weird i've been reading 795% this morning Either way I'm not sure I'm comfy w/ a majority telco ownership 	sadness
	I was surrounded by enchanted listeners at today's  concert Their  moves hearts Beautiful! 	joy
	Out to a Asian party wid my parents 	surprise
	Northern downpour played right after trade mistakes /3 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	so he's leaving straight from his bros and I don't wanna risk taking mah car =( 	sadness
	Don't let hold you back from achieving your greatness	fear
	Lost my 21st birthday antique ring Cried Searched under bed for hours Boy searched Phone call from a hotel saying they had it! 	joy
	Moving over the Christmas break 	joy
	swim meet today at MiddletonHS 	joy
	Praying for a family that is very near and dear to my heart! Their little baby was just born 3 months premature 	sadness
	People who think I'm weak enough to stay around and take their bs I'm gone!	surprise
	 parents me! Lmao don't tell me shit u can't even raise a kid but wanna tell me how to live my life? Stfu stankin ass nigga	disgust
	I've thought that too But even the guy at T-Mobile said the processor is a piece 	sadness
	got a friend request on facebook from my ex this morning 	surprise
	Excuse me teller at the bank sorry I didnt have a deposit slip and that you had to do your job so dont be rude My dad is your boss 	surprise
	I am trying to stay strong for my lil banana but Idk how much more I can handle 	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Boo! The fact that I won't see your beautiful face at work kills me 	sadness
	They will each be sorely missed on television I will continue to read their other work 	sadness
	Daily argument between my mum and brother 	joy
	people let high school change them way too easily 	sadness
	Just got sickewww and I was kinda looking forward to basketball damn flu :(	sadness
	I saw Team Rafia's GISHWHES notification from The Island and a part of me died   	sadness
	im only scared of clowns and exorcisms or creepy little ghost girls or spiders 	fear
	Do you know what I'm looking forward to about break? Everything Baking knitting shopping sleeping sketching  family  friends 	joy
	I want  to wear their trench coat with nothing under it ) 	surprise
	JESUS CHRIST GABRIELLA! just shut up!!! 	anger
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 eso e smuy facil S: lo de filosofia es LARGO D: muy largo S:	fear
	sells but only-buyers remorse-Don't buy anything thats sold by fear except maybe a good horror flick! Choose Love  Trust-not fear	fear
	The only positive to this week- finding out about ncsu Besides that 4 exams 2 games and 2 cheer camps 	joy
	Another child for the couple that doesn't know if they want to be together! Wow lucky kid no 2 for Kourtney and Scott 	sadness
	'parlare chiaro' è la new mission impossible 	sadness
	Puis en rentrant faut que je fasse à manger le ménage et mon sac 	joy
	Am a loner on Twitter too? How sadin real life and twitter Taylor Leigh Carroll is a loner 	sadness
	I'm often misunderstood People mistake my  for and other things My higher power is centering while in the eye of the storm!	anger
	it's mommys birthday:) i should be making her an extrordinary breakfast right now 	surprise
	Was so excited that it was saturday last day of my work week  Then I remembered that I have to work tomorrow too 	sadness
	ha! That headline made me laugh  	disgust
	 RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	The of the LORD is revealed from heavenhelps us understand God's righteousness He hates sin loves sinners! US!	anger
	YES I just love saying it Me Jess and Kayla started to watch it but they didnt like it 	anger
	Watching the Vice Guide to Liberia at 3am was a bad idea 	sadness
	The only thing that wl force it when the economy really hits the floor and politicians are called to account  	fear
	I feel like  walking down a never ending spiral staircase  	sadness
	Apparently is coming to speak to my university tomorrow I was not aware of this and am busy 	anger
	Smiles laughers and joy are simple to spell but not necessary easy to get   	joy
	Haven't talk to all weekend!!! Not a happy camper BTW  	anger
	good name make someone  josh or he needs it soo bad	sadness
	uhhhh I predict beer in my near future 	surprise
	Panera helping teach my kids life lessons sorry we're out of cinnamon crunch bagels 	sadness
	J'ai pris ton numero chez ta soeur  je voulais tenvoyer un message chuk la  Lol genre une :p mais ca passe pas :(	surprise
	trip somewhere tomorrow when I get home	surprise
	that awkward moment in when mark wahlberg stares angrily and punches his chest	fear
	lol he finally listened and is currently being a morning grump 	joy
	Oh noes I posted the aqua twice on my instagram! Am I a bad person now? :( Then again classics need more display!	sadness
	Sam changed from black cloth toblack cloth   	surprise
	A person on facebook has asked whether the initials on piano stand for little mix It's Mylo Xyloto  	anger
	How I hate walking away that last time 	sadness
	there's a new Sons of Anarchy tonight  Opie is gonna react to his dad's murder  	joy
	Purple + rainbow tights are the B E S T !!!!!!! 	joy
	hahah oh i know the joy of having twins! ( hahah i think we should be worried about kyle attacking dylan 	anger
	I think it's time to move on and explore greener pasture Scouting for a new job What's a good company to work in?  	disgust
	Not the finish I wanted but all around good season  to season 	sadness
	Wife's Christmas gifts?  Check  	surprise
	waiting patiently under her bed till she gets back 	surprise
	Working the parade today for Sweet  Sassy 	joy
	Might be slightly addicted to Skyrim I need to kill stuff!! 	anger
	first the (batman begins)then the  (dark knight)im thinking like  fucking (dark knight rises)	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Ecoute la future BOMBE MUSICALE INTERNATIONALE 2012 LOURD !!!!!!!!!!!  	surprise
	I can say that at the end I actually liked breaking dawn 	surprise
	Being on a diet means I can't eat food But that's not going to stop me from watching food tv shows! 	joy
	Sumo chops by Johnny Goodtime = FIVE STAR MATCH!!!  	fear
	that mini heart attack you have when it says is following you but turns out its just a poser with the same picture 	sadness
	I'm so full  ready to sleep! Work at midnight 	joy
	Fresh wound can't talk Cam brings me 	joy
	na let me stop playin lol I remember I had to be carried to the car last summer lol Smh 	sadness
	wow that is a lot no peanut butter 	sadness
	it's true! I'm full of joy because of the freedom I have in Christ!!   	joy
	Lol of course I will drive you R T johnhath: coo I'll head over Ur driving btw 	surprise
	We're having people round tonight 	joy
	Ja echt wel jammer maar ik kom snel naar A'dam en ik hebben wat voor je in petto -) 	surprise
	 lawyer I believe in his innocence What about the innocence of his victims? 	disgust
	Hope is as excited for tomorrow as I am 	surprise
	Just as a problem shared is a problem halved so joy shared is doubled Looking forward to my next creative moment with nicfergus	joy
	Phantom goes down an absolute treat 	surprise
	You See The Outfit Bitch I'm Killing You Hoes 	joy
	I haven't listened to Take Care all day 	sadness
	if you are addicted to sex  omg i'm so horney and have a picture of yourself naked on twitter you are not allowed to follow me 	disgust
	last full day in europe 	sadness
	Class Example: Battle Creek Cereal Co loses money off their product Bran Flakes Should it be discontinued? 	surprise
	Mrs harris being especially bitchy today 	surprise
	As soon as I fall asleep my phone goes off 	sadness
	Thanks to the gorgeous and for the Xmas champagne which just landed on my desk 	joy
	Its sad when you see a great person mad esp one with a great heart :( hope he smiles end of tonight	sadness
	Off to my 2nd homethe music studio! Yayay! 3 It's been a LONG while since I've been there! :') Practicing on my cover song 	surprise
	is that little bit of early summer you get with your strawberry shower gel when it's snowing outside	joy
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions 	fear
	Happiness is part of who we are Joy is the feeling & Tony DeLiso   	joy
	You can't have your dream if you are afraid of your dream What ever you fear - you will meet The answer = Courage + Self-Awareness 	fear
	heart rate rising 	fear
	Our main server got borked!  Check here for deals instead!  	sadness
	School ended today and I'm leaving some wonderful friends tomorrow!  Headed to Istanbul at high noon	sadness
	Prepping muffin ingredients with son for his foods class tomorrow =  ! He's such a !	joy
	my brain is fried and i haven't started my homework  	joy
	Stuck on the train when I'm only 4 stops away from home and hungry and there's an annoying child behind me  	anger
	those of you who have been holding your breath will be happy (?) to know: found one + it's not a celine 	surprise
	 ik heb ook een kado Xtra voor lie en rie neergelegd Heb ook gespeeld met Marietje99	surprise
	Helpful cops!! Wow they still exist!!  and 	surprise
	over the counter pills don't work for me :/ so I have to endure the pain until I see my mom 	joy
	Mediate on this: the Lord your God will NEVER leave you nor forsake you rest assured Brings uncontainable unshakable 	joy
	when papers are due wayyyy sooner than expected  	surprise
	that depressing moment when you drop your candy cane  it shatters into 39975216900076542 billion pieces :( 	sadness
	Ppl r talkin shit on selena so now im sad and mk and kelly r sad cuz they got in trouble Were all sad 	sadness
	ohno I left the cheesecake at the barn 	sadness
	slept for an hour and a half last night and i have to wake up at 6 tomorroww?	joy
	nice pun there to make me chuckle thanks Kev! Still petrified though I woke up with a wheezy chest 	fear
	AH! Do you have any shows coming up? I totally missed Woods and just thought of it 	sadness
	Not actually really tired but I still don't wanna go to school	surprise
	nooooo it's a sign of things to comeno car no bike 	sadness
	haha I think that has more chance of working! Did four miles definitely guna feel that in the morning! 	joy
	My trusty schwinn almost destroyed my face today 	sadness
	Fijn gevoel is dat eh dat het net is alsof de bus op jou heeft gewacht dat je een seconde binnen bent en hij wegrijdt 	joy
	don't change your life to suit theirs cause you can't live with what you don't know 	surprise
	the ladies standing and talking in the middle of the floor That's not how to get a hot bod at the gym 	surprise
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	When I'm upset I get on youtube and watch Chris browns take you down video a thousand times 	joy
	amidst all this hardwork there is a little luck to play big  	fear
	First I rip a chunk of my wall off next I drop ALL my belongings and clothes in the parkinglot now I get to study chem all night 	joy
	hmm this project is taking longer than expected 	surprise
	Stuck in the medical room with two year 7s boasting about how many detentions they have 	joy
	J'avais décidé de me coucher et puis finalement j'aime pas trop le lit vide et le bruit dans le couloir 	fear
	I wake up after getting only a couple hours of sleep and there is NO COFFEE and i have no idea how to make more 	sadness
	have to drink water so that the kidneys are not sick !! :(	fear
	I'm sad:( It's the last selectionals for RachelFinnKurtPuckQuinnSantana and Mike:(  	sadness
	YouTube claims your new Dragon Roost Island video ft Veela is a private video Yet it was emailed :( 	sadness
	well at least you got to be me for a day now i love that its just hanging in the hallway haha 	joy
	Ugly un straightened teeth me  like if your teeth are like not EVEN close to straight  yet  close it please (:	disgust
	Scared of heights I don't think i can out the Christmas lights up 	fear
	The trouble with normal is it always gets worse	sadness
	sometimes its like i live in a zoo because it is so loud  i actually think im going to miss this zooone week til i move out 	sadness
	get yourself a kinder surprise in case the happy meal toy isn't shit enough   	joy
	My manager is awesome and my dm is a good boss but my coworkers are a bunch of a$$oles 	anger
	Excited for tomorrow's plan on  birthdaaay! Yeaaay 	surprise
	I saw the program Man vs Food last night All I can say is I'm glad these establishments don't exist in England  	disgust
	When am I coming home? Idk it's up in the air!!!	surprise
	I was never a FeaR fan no offense but it's sad to see a long time member like Assass1n leave Good luck in the future	sadness
	Not sure why didn't play tonight and he's our 2nd leading scorer Wasn't smart and probably costed us the game 	anger
	Some people just don't know when to stop And it pisses me off 	surprise
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Afspraak met  vanavond om 19u in het  van  En de Sint komt natuurlijk niet met lege handen! 	surprise
	is Seeing the spark of a new idea in someone's eyes Every new idea could be the trigger that makes something better	joy
	I'm expecting an extremely important phonecall any minute now  	fear
	Don't even look in his eyes he'll take you nothing but lies He looks like a cool drink of water but he's candy coated misery 	disgust
	Playing NOW on Hardest: BYPO Radio Show Session  Full hour of popstar mainstream Hardcore set Tune in listen and enjoy	fear
	if this was the last new episode of  i ever get to watch i may just cry :'( 	sadness
	Taking a break from being grown-up  travelling back from the big city to spend time with the family who I miss so much! 	joy
	Metal Gear Rising being made by the Bayonetta devs? Yes please! 	joy
	the relationship of to attack is obvious but the relationship of anger to  is not always so apparent 	anger
	Told the family about our x-mas plans It just got very cold in this house 	surprise
	New level procrastination:  Avoiding writing my thesis by doing work for another class  	sadness
	I wish I could go to the black Friday sale at target I want pointless stuff that I wouldn't buy if it wasn't like free 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	My sister found out about my candy ascortney would say lol )	surprise
	Peace is that state in which fear of any kind is unknown --John Buchan  Fill your w/ it is no match!	fear
	Have control over your anger OR it will control you   	anger
	but Everything there is an exception then there is a term: sometimes we need to do the 'necessary futility' :) re: 	anger
	Officially living my life for meTired of people telling me I should go to school for this cuz its money My money my time my future 	joy
	the police need to stop being pussies and clear them dirty fucks outif i was in that traffic id be pissed 	anger
	when ppl dont get there way or what they want a strong sense to lash out takes affect 	anger
	 deathtake it as you celebrate end of old year with New yearplan new resolutions for new year	fear
	guess who got in a car accident  	surprise
	 the shit out of every racist person on earth They  me	disgust
	yes! It also fills me with angst Fear of leaving people out fear of offending Friday	fear
	therapeutics till my eyes bleed 	joy
	☑ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	need to fall asleep fast before starts her rampage of snoring 	joy
	every time you come near me or come talk to the people I'm talking to it makes want to murder you I don't want to see your face 	disgust
	So I guess everyone in my family decided to have babies when I was at school 	surprise
	Commentator hasn't picked up on Giggs second time throwing someone to the floor 	surprise
	Law  Order SVU missing child case voicemails deleted giving the patents false hope And the hack doing the hacking isBritish 	surprise
	One of these days we'll tire of taking digs at  InsaneSibal and others But they won't ever tire of stupidity 	sadness
	There is no greater sorrow than to recall in misery the time when we were happy & 	sadness
	is a choicebut not an easy choiceJONATHAN LOCKWOOD HUIE	joy
	 - great time to think about how to make  to our world one of    free from  	fear
	The brittany didn't make it from the sporting dog group 	sadness
	Stupid laptop tht likes to pick and choose when it wants to work properly 	anger
	 to perform You're Gonna Go Far Kid by Offspring on my next tour! having regrets  TWLOHA	fear
	was taking a break from christmas shopping 	joy
	how the fuck have i lost my psychology book 	anger
	me and my boy please!! Had mare getting tickets and I have a stroppy 12 year old sulking cos I asked him to be home early 	surprise
	You can wear my sweater I'll be wearing a um suite 	surprise
	That random moment when youre lying in bed and your bro pelts you with fruit gummies:P  That happens to everyone right?? 	surprise
	I have a class in the design building Seriously? I don't think there is a building farther away from Larch 	joy
	 Come on the most exotic were the most delicious McGraw's Spicy Jalapeño Dirty Mexican Chicken Chutney (in South Africa)	joy
	Why the fuck are all these ugly ass bitches commenting on my Facebook post? 	anger
	I'll be on the lookout You not having that sweater would be like recess peanut butter cups not having peanut butter 	sadness
	Whooooo My favourite bra is finally clean 	joy
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	muhh *gives up* takde ke gentlemen yang suave suave around that I can plus-onekan 	sadness
	OMG this house tune came on my pandora and almost me mess my hair cut up! Feeling free in 	joy
	Just walking in the door of makes me full of the atmosphere the prices the smell It's all great xx	joy
	Two hours of work to look forward to on my day off! 	joy
	Christmas tree recon a success Won't be long before the house smells amazing 	joy
	BREAKING NEWS OCU!!! SUSAN (Caf/Sudexo employee) IS RETURNING!! 	joy
	10:39 and I'm still at workback here in 10 hours 	joy
	I need to grab my license so I can just drive to the gym right now and feed the bag some combos    ! Ughhh	anger
	I saw you driving past our grandmothers house lol I was waving but you looked so depressed 	sadness
	Why do the weeks off work go by sooooo quickly?! I am making the most of tomorrow!!  	sadness
	Get to work early?  Yep am proud but to my dismay my supervisor is still not here  	sadness
	I just accidentally deleted photos from my previous blog through my galaxy s2  	sadness
	It was right there in front for me to see  I thank God for the window that has opened ! Here's to a new beginning 	joy
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	it's cold as shit right now No snow yet 	surprise
	Mdr les zenagui sur twitter  haaahaaa je m'y attendais pas  hooww même  	surprise
	La lampada sopra la mia testa ha scricchiolato 	fear
	Faith does not deny the reason for anxiety but rejects the rule of anxiety     	fear
	My eyesight is getting worse I need my glasses to watch tv!!! Ugh 	sadness
	Super upset that I can't be there to support my basketball girls tonight at their first game Good luck tonight girls!	sadness
	BET is the only channel that's workig on my tv 	joy
	Welp Gotta flat tire pulling through the ridiculous hole in my driveway 	surprise
	its like a horse you have a bad taste in animals 	disgust
	ugh feel like shit so many thoughts running through my head! hate ungrateful people and why do bad things happen to amazing people? 	anger
	not gonna happen dear We have basketball on thanksgiving to get lose the thanksgiving day weight 	joy
	Got told I was getting a dictionary for Christmas  	joy
	I've gotta run in that memorial marathon in the city 	joy
	It's 8 o'clock and I lost my gum I am pissed 	anger
	saí sabado de manha NÃO TINHA NADA NA ARVORE DE NATAL  chego em casa domingo a tarde tá CHEIO DE PRESENTE NA ARVORE DE NATAL 	fear
	My Grandma will have the best birthday ever tomorrow !!	surprise
	Its not just a the religion level but also a social level where the problems r Sad no 1 wants to do n e thing bcs 	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Will be in my studio by the end of the year  	joy
	Belllas such a player!!! Wanting jacob AND edward! Pick one you greedy fool you can't kiss both!! Gr 	anger
	Hate trains just ran for one and missed it by a second saw it drive away now half hour wait for the next one oh 	joy
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Hele leuke surprise gehad thuis en met schatje resultaat:  van en 30 worstenbroodjes 	surprise
	God know just when to show up and just who to use to restore a lil in my life :-)	joy
	Min tey lesa tweets di mas cu un ora bieuw paso un par di hnd ta pp di  y min wake e episode ainda 	sadness
	Break! Think of your favorite place in the world Imagine being there right now Hear smell feel  see it 	joy
	My  and I Didn't Talk the Whole Day Today :'( 	sadness
	Me and my brothers got my parents a anniv gift and hid it under their pillows so its a 	surprise
	Searched my ENTIRE place for something it was right in plain sight the whole time 	joy
	Legends say that  float free of time carrying our hopes for      	joy
	It is the DND's job to cover the ass of a lying Minister of National Defence? Abuse of Power Absence of Ethics  	anger
	oh that is  well in that case ill wait to say it to u in person itll be a great 	surprise
	Husband sucks at gift purchasing I make a list with 12 things on it He asks me 5 questions about one item on the list 	surprise
	time to curl my hair 	joy
	I will go to the mall find a stranger wearing white Apple earbuds and give them a quality replacement! 	surprise
	This bus smell like straight FISH !! 	disgust
	Just recounting our 80s Ponsonby gentrified bungalow student existence complete with a black finned 1960s black Zephyr 6 Mark III :D 	joy
	Wrapping my own Christmas presents!! 	surprise
	turning 20 in 2 weeks and it actually feels as though my childhood is ending 	sadness
	My happiness has left the building 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Coming home a day early to my mom!! YAY	surprise
	 something mouldy and oldie cause i cant put new music on my ipod 	anger
	selon doctissimo le verdict est sans appel: cancer du cerveau !! 	fear
	Eindelijk aan m'n begonnen Het principe 'Wrestle in the Centre of the Ring' (Dr ) is nog immer niet aan mij besteed	surprise
	my anxiety is so high i was shaking WHY does my child hate me / im tired of crying and feeling like a failure and a mom 	sadness
	Everyday I check the mail 	sadness
	So do we stay friends forever? 	fear
	ugh science and french tests tmo and I forgot my books 	joy
	hear 5im not goin to be that old!!!! connie is giving me ideas 	joy
	 is an expression of ultimate and  for Praise also helps you to get into the  realm most certainly	joy
	Early S/o to my moms for buying me food later on this week !	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Going out!!! But yet I dnt know where he is taking me he sayOAN: rIp unc Steve your at peace now love yu dearly : - ) *	surprise
	Broke my perfume bottle and spilled all over the carpet Letting my room air out Sleeping in the living room tonight 	joy
	Sumtymz I feel like I have no true frndz! I'm putting my guard up n keepin it thr!!** no1 but god	fear
	Just threw a surprise graduation at the theatre He thought he was in trouble Ha! 	surprise
	Forgetting that you've already eaten your advent calender chocolate and being very sad when you realise its gone 	sadness
	i hate when im looking for my asians and i cant find them in all their usual spots 	sadness
	Studying so angry mum threw away all my Arthurian papers!!!!!! =[	sadness
	Zin in vanavond met en en papa en mama en tante 	surprise
	that heart-thumpy feeling when you have a secret and you wanna tell it so bad you feel like peeing your pants but keeping it a 	surprise
	så jävla glad! fick ett sms av amanda alldeles nyss hon är ju så långt bort blir ju extra glad när hon inte skulle höra av sig! 	surprise
	 aggie is cracking jokes I class 	surprise
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	A  woman worth tha is definatly worth tha  	anger
	is the one moment i hate mostbrain 0% toungue 100%why the hell do i lose my mind when i can make use of it :S ??	anger
	I really hate you mam You take him when the things he loves is icky Why not let me please him so you can go be good vv 	anger
	Smh gonna be in the house my 2 days off instead of celebrating Thanksgiving w/ my babygirl  fam if only he paid me back I would not 	anger
	Psychiatry update: crazy people are crazy  	surprise
	Shakuhachi dress $580  10-22 mm lens $708  :(	sadness
	Shit just hit the fan 	fear
	Family christmas party  	joy
	okdus de gouden verf van de action is stiekem zilvergoed om te weten maar vertel het voortaan van tevoren  	surprise
	I don't like sharing my feelings Im scared you'll run if I admit something 	fear
	So much food  So many wonderful guys in my life  So many friends such good times  more muppets than you believe  	joy
	I didn't know its happening today 2011 Wakepark World Cup in Al Forsan Oh shoot! 	sadness
	Born To Die???? There are so many beautiful things to live!& how to waste life is trending on twitter uu 	sadness
	Visto hoy : CF dándolo todo muyyy drum'n'bass ella jajajaja Oo 	fear
	Maar is een keer aan mn gedicht beginnen voor morgen en morgen na school ook maar even cadeautjes kopen 	surprise
	Ohja! Een maand terug zei iemand: je kan altijd bij me aanbellen voor een kopje thee Morgen is hij een theezakje armer:) 	surprise
	Don't you just love when your gf doesn't reply /: 	sadness
	[can't resist and pokes Magnus with the angry stick] RT BadassBane: 	anger
	Het kost een paar smsjes vér buiten je bundel maar dan heb je wel een vrije woensdagavond  	joy
	S'allonger pour l'éternité Tout oublier ne plus avoir de regrets arrêter de se faire mal 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” 's	fear
	:O you ruined it! You didn't put a gap between 7 and 0! 	sadness
	Gonna Sleep This Off  Good'Night My  x♥x	anger
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	My nephew iz a lil nasty wat kids lick bottom of shoes 	disgust
	gettinv but kicked at scrabble Need to go back to english class  some d's on it!!!	sadness
	When GOD is teaching us Self-Control He allows our world 2 be invaded by aggravating others whose very presence irritates us 	anger
	Beep you too! Scary chick  	fear
	oh shit is live today 	surprise
	i promise to take care of my eyes for my own future in the industry :| 	fear
	No Booster Juice on campus 	sadness
	Don't beat them down too bad! Lol	sadness
	o my hat you freaken kidding me Guess m not sleeping tonight 	joy
	Um I guess I'm taking the ACT test tomorrow? 	surprise
	Currently attending a deep metrics analysis dive  being a creative guy I'm having a math induced panic attack   	fear
	I've decided that I should write for Esquire I'm not going to try for the job though I'll probably end up a content writer for Maxim 	fear
	How sad that  will be phased out Such an esteemed German brand with heritage! 	sadness
	Buy for vs alone!!!! Omg that match was amazing!!!! 	fear
	anybody wanna invite me to their thanksgiving dinner? my family is gonna be gone and ima be all alone lol 	sadness
	60 min de  pour commencer la journée ça le fait! 	joy
	 RT paytonthurman: I'm liking these  moves todaywhys my fav laker hater so quiet on here today? ? khick33	fear
	don't blame you Literally struggling to keep my eyes open Look who's behind me 	joy
	how am going to give u a surprise if you always tell me to get u a surprise -_- 	surprise
	Emotional  is less tangible and far more powerful than physical risk   	fear
	No school getting up at 8 for a seven hour car ride at least i have 	joy
	Can't wait for to finish football serious snuggle needed 	fear
	1:31 and he's home I guess he did the speed limit 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	stalking a squirrel he has no idea I'm about to catch him 	surprise
	Saw  last night hell LOL hit that quick u-turn back into the room	surprise
	WOW! A day filled wi gifts 1st times  1st time  2OceansAquarium boatride tx to 	surprise
	DUDE I AM ON IT LIKE HOT SAUCE ON WINGS 	sadness
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Were leaving at 4 amnine hours in the car And guess who gets the back 	joy
	ew matt fucking decker is sleeping over	joy
	it depends what I'm feeling but when I hear airplanes go over my house I get really scared that I'm going to die 	fear
	When you something you'll end up watching others create the value that you  but you deserve to endure it because u paused	fear
	Huisje kuizen voor de familie die straks komt  Wellicht kloppen er nog wel 2 pieten aan straks 	surprise
	When people fall asleep while you're texting them 	sadness
	I love how my parents hide my gifts in the same place every yearNOT	surprise
	A talk with my mum made me realise how afraid and unprepared I am for my future 	fear
	you are not aloud to know!!! This deal is for a very special someone :) 	surprise
	Some people you will never begin to understand 	disgust
	Just got back from black friday shopping get to go work at Macys during black friday in four hours 	joy
	hahaha I meant so my phone changes that to do ALL THE TIME Last time I checked autocorrect do is a word 	anger
	hoe gaan de lijnen van een tennisveld? 	surprise
	I miss hanging out with AM Lee and Jay Those were good times 	sadness
	i don't understand why over weight people wear such tight clothes or let their belly hang over their jeans 	disgust
	a worth it what are we doing over break? Taco bell?	surprise
	False Evidence Appearing Real something I won't let conquer me	fear
	I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Een dezer dagen maar eens aan die beginnen En aan de bijbehorende     	surprise
	Champion training at Trelleborg HQ for a week! 	joy
	You know you're getting old when your baby brother starts driving 	sadness
	exhausted not going to school tomorrow it'll probably give me a good amount of NHIs whatever i already have an F in math 	joy
	the same here but dont worry our time is coming	sadness
	4 of 6 speedways in Midland don't have pizza 	anger
	Don't ever feed into because it makes you lose sight of what's most important	fear
	is bad if sometimes u jus wanna get a lil medevil  unleash some fury?????	anger
	pumped for sistahd this morning with  ChristineCaine!! make a loud shout for He is good  	joy
	Le moment ou toutes les lumières du train s'éteignent et tu sais pas pourquoi 	fear
	Anna Kooiman leaving   Excuse me for a second I need to collect my thoughts 	sadness
	The RWU coach would make a surprise appearance when I play like poop 	joy
	Happy birthday to the man  	surprise
	5 minutes till pizza express pizza is cooked 	fear
	This sweet lady at the market complimented me on my outfit and said you're so cute you probably have a g/f  	surprise
	 Just so rude! Gone retweet me and not say Good Night back 	sadness
	This beat deserves Hennessy a bad bitch and a bag of weed the holy trinity	joy
	I feel bad for the people who paid money to see the Iron Bowl It's nothing but a blood bath now 	sadness
	Little hesitant to apply deodorant ever again 	fear
	was going to do another youtube video but i'm depressed so i'm just going to sit and cry on my bed 	sadness
	Actually crying because of gossip girl   	sadness
	i wanna make sure everyone knows that is the one trying to post his  on is anyone up Josh needs to get laid bad 	sadness
	YOU THINK?! ): But if you die can you even miss people? /: 	sadness
	Im loving the feeling of Christmas spirit!!  This month is going to be a blast 	joy
	Why won't buttonMode=true and useHandCursor=true work on any of spark components This is infuriating   	anger
	Need something to do to take my mind off of how the best thing in my life has been ripped from my hands! 	sadness
	Forecast indicate 65% Muslim Brotherhood victory  	fear
	hearing rumors you organized your own Gatorade bath against Maryland Say it ain't so  	sadness
	Wished I had learned to play steel pan as a kid 	sadness
	getting high to balance out the lows  don't be scared of me 	fear
	Honey you dont look cute with your chest hangin out  Maybe nest time find a shirt that fits? 	disgust
	is the product of the Spirit and of following the leading of the Spirit in  and fellowship with God-Joyce Meyer	joy
	Its perfect time for long beach walk love slight cooling wind and the best view of iconic Table Mountain when the sun sets 	joy
	Happy Friday! Who is excited it's the weekend?  	surprise
	My grandmother won't let me step foot in the kitchen 	sadness
	may not be gone this weekend afterall Evan bailed to go home and Natalie has exams after the weekend 	surprise
	How do I know who to delete off my facebook? look for everyone who did a dear status theyre all five years younger than me? 	surprise
	I'm just the funny white boy that can shoot and sits the bench! 	sadness
	It's true and I are long lost twins that live across the country 	sadness
	Beckett + Demming kiss and Castle is just broken about it 	sadness
	Well I get to spend an hour at my dead great grandmothers house today 	joy
	of failure? Whatever you can do - or dream you can begin it Boldness has genius power and magic in it- von Goethe	fear
	what you don't know   the world don't ask me for 	fear
	Nightmare before Christmas with :) so happy	surprise
	 gave so many people happiness love seeing people in dullest places like airport smiling and singing to themselves 	joy
	the moment you realize you've lost the one person you always needed most but wouldn't admit it 	sadness
	Me and Zac are straight snackin in chemistry My teacher isn't here again 	surprise
	Too weird to live too rare to die 	fear
	Watching Greasy Reesey get naughty with Marky Mark tonight 	fear
	I'm going to head home tonight but I told my mom I was coming tomorrow 	surprise
	No point in mentioning these bats I thought Poor bastard will see them soon enough  	fear
	If money is your only motive I feel sorry for you    	joy
	Multiple people are texting me asking if our fb posts are real At first I said no after your 2nd I'm unsure 	anger
	The high schoolers are warming up IN THE HALLWAY  	anger
	ummm of course its about you! I haven't seen your smile in a long time tho :( 	sadness
	There is something different about the world today I'm feeling something I didn't think I'd feel again Never underestimate life 	surprise
	When will Rebecca Black learn that she cannot sing and should therefore desist from releasing records? 	anger
	I hate higher maths 	anger
	Good morning Universe I promised to be too large for worry too strong for fear toooo happy to permit the presence of trouble 	joy
	The world didn't give it  the world can't take it away ! 	joy
	The moment you realize you can't get him out of your head Even though your in a perfect fairytale and he's moved on 	sadness
	No longer your prison today I remember who I was then now is gone 	fear
	 is loving my thanksgiving right now!!! While I'm at a football game 	joy
	Have an amazingggg day everyone:) I actually don't mind being up this early lol	surprise
	 welcome to Stjohns where Jesus is our main priority we can set you up with your unexpected soulmate	surprise
	you are HILARIOUS! Love LAUGHING in the House of God! 	joy
	We can't choose the cards we've been dealt and mine say FUCK YOUR LIFE  	sadness
	Being made to watch health and safety videos at work 	joy
	Finally made a shirt after always telling him I would 	surprise
	Deeply Inspiring! RT CNN: RT CNNHeroes: “elizadushku: Forgot to bring tissues to  tonight!   ”	joy
	Sounds like a wonderful call  you were important to her ~ hence the fact she had to talk you at that late hour! is Legit:D	joy
	Neva thought i would do this thin called relationship 	surprise
	Could really do with a home cooked meal from future wife right about now 	sadness
	morning :) oh what a bad episode to come in towards the end And only 1 more episode?? 	sadness
	Football on the Tele and a nice cold beer can't think any better way of spending a Monday night 	joy
	Sound system for a wedding 	joy
	So apparently the PHGY kids once secretly sent a StripperGram to the ANAT214 female genitalia class !!!! poor prof	surprise
	The sad moment when you're warned that you're probably gonna get made fun of at school theat day! 	sadness
	Eaa jleb RT gilbhas: Lo ga takut untuk mencintai yang lo takutin adalah tidak dicintai balik  	fear
	We jus go through the motions then emotions go in motion with then we're both pissed and say shit thats not meant to be said 	anger
	when your favorite Harry Potter character doesnt RT you  :(	sadness
	Nothing says better than a morning call from  Good to hear ur voice buddy 	surprise
	- I can hear Any Winehouse's new album playing downstairs 	sadness
	we r all connected  no animal goes peacefully 2 slaughter they know what awaits them  they   	fear
	Maybe creative and sexy at the same time maybe It just makes me get a visual of an octopus where a woman's poon should be	fear
	Maybe I will Might wanna check your garden when you get home 	surprise
	There is dirty underwear on the floor of the Men's room in Dillons	fear
	bah I didn't know that someone has to be logged into the server within 9 chunks of crops in order for them to grow 	sadness
	someone different sleeps on our couch/bean bag chair every nightwalking into the living room every morning is always a 	surprise
	actually kind of good at hockey 	surprise
	Loving this iPad with the keyboard dock I can sit here at work watching my Twitter stream s it happens! 	joy
	Our greatest fear is not that we can't our greatest is that we can but we haven't and are not doing anything with that !	fear
	I love the looks I get from ppl when 'Akinyele Put it in my mouth' comes blasting outta my headphones 	disgust
	SexcBlkDiamond: Åbout to go take a final good luck I got some for u if u pass 	surprise
	Home sweet home 	surprise
	Packed lunch for a long day at the dirty dirty dirty library 	sadness
	C looked outside this morning: I can't believe it! There's snow No cynicism pure joy To be four!  	joy
	Listen: Your body is wise It arouses feelings of fear so that you can release them   	fear
	There's a George Carlin tribute on PBS tonite at 10:30 but I'll never make it 	sadness
	Just this weekend I  my brothers in Christ at church were asked: Who has seen Jesus rise from the dead? well here it is 1John 1:1-4 	joy
	When all food seems tastelessand stomach growls at each breath so ur left with no choice but to take it all in	disgust
	You would think by now they would of controlled the smoke problem in the bathrooms Butttt they haven't 	surprise
	I really wanna go to  in Feb/Mar in San Diego next year but I don't really see any way to afford it… 	sadness
	So relieved I got that shitty seminar out of the way Now all I have are 2 tests this week and another presentation 	joy
	today is just a sad dayrip to 3 amazing people jeeze 	sadness
	Its december tomorrow! That means I get to open my christmas calendar and listen to christmas songs 	joy
	Before mr rodgers was mr rodgers he was a marine sniper in vietnam and has sleeves 	surprise
	Just woke up to 8 emails and not one of them was from my professor giving me feedback 	anger
	Why wont twitter let me change my background :( 	sadness
	you should be excited you're in CHICAGO! But I can't go to water tower place tonight : ( 	sadness
	after 45 minutes of waiting my project is finally printed out 	anger
	you look like your living in you should be after that voice note you sent me 	fear
	The boys are out doing boy-things the baby is asleep the sun is shining I am by the lido about to read papers and have fab breakfast 	joy
	One class down and made it through without dozing off Restaurant management might be a different story 	surprise
	Just sent my mum to the shops to buy me dinner let's see what she comes back with 	surprise
	Celebrating my besties birthday tgif's party!!!! Then casino!!!!!!	surprise
	i hit girls sometimes but then i kiss them on the lips afterward cuz i feel bad	anger
	Cleaned my dorm to find an entire box of cookies 	surprise
	In a week and a half I'll be in Disneyland just gotta get through a couple of finals 	joy
	Going to bed!  going to Coronado tomorrow! (: I miss that place ❤	surprise
	omg I know! And when she broke her back and fell! 	disgust
	we'll see! haha :) maybe ill buy one or just wear cute clothes 	surprise
	My favorite perfume is Joy It was created as a reaction to 1929 Wall Street Crash(wikipedia) I hear they've changed the formula? 	joy
	On another note: Tonight I noticed great  and dead-end  on a lot of people's eyes  and   	sadness
	“I wanna punch somebody in the face so damn bad” what's wrong with u? Lol 	anger
	I am so flippin' thankful and absolutely burstin' with that is in my life! I've never been happier! 	joy
	Finished writing our story in less than a week Oh well I'll make her wait until the last day of school to give it to her 	surprise
	Seriously cannot get enough of Matthew and Atlas Listening to To the North EP on repeat   	joy
	Twinnys baby shower today 	surprise
	Je ne pensais pas que le voyage était si court pour aller en Martinique et à Sainte-Lucie 	surprise
	I'm beginning to think that I can't pronounce my own name Today someone thought it was Kellen 	sadness
	just about to watch the re-make of the re-make of The Thing 	joy
	96yo FIL loves candy Halloween leftovers are all but gone including the Pop Rocks Wonder how those went over!  	surprise
	Just casually feeling down getting better because you're having a jam sesh but then you realise you have that history assignment 	sadness
	Don't ever test a nigga if ur afraid to die rules the living	fear
	Mines 11 Jr high next year Freakin' out RT ryanclassic: My youngest brother is 14 	fear
	working like a slave then I get to go to the dentist 	joy
	wat krijg je als je zwartwitblauwgeel en rood mengt 	surprise
	That awkward moment when you find a perfume box full of sensors! 	surprise
	is that how the kids visiting Penn State felt? -- Damn near piss my pants kicking it wit and fattymattychady	fear
	I still have nightmare about her licking my nipple I dat shit	fear
	crying just might happen today with joy or grief 	surprise
	A BEAUTIFUL WOMANS GREATEST IS BEING NOTHIN MORE THAN A BABY MOMMA!  O_o	fear
	Nothing like finding out that  totally changed the way it does access-groups+NAT from 82 to 84 	surprise
	Whatever CFB acting as if Urban and our sweetness isn't on their minds  	fear
	I love finding a chewed $4500 lipstick Someone is in deep deep trouble 	anger
	life around me You bring out the worse in people  	anger
	had a half day of school today and again tomorrow but not going instead having to go to the dr again! for my back	joy
	I was an emotional wreck after shaving it off this morning    	anger
	Actually (unlike RL) I actually found a person willing to put up with me 	joy
	 for remember fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind - Dale Carnegie 	fear
	I would change my name right now to Handsome Dick Manitoba  But it's already taken  	sadness
	run shower then studying for the rest of the day 	joy
	Teri's brought a light guy And a fog machine 	surprise
	What outstanding pathetic fallacy outside right now  :'(	sadness
	Because it's true? RT Dani_Coupet: Wow this is RT Fellas money can make a lot of these women do anything	disgust
	you alright Matt Had a good day ? Mines just started what a 	joy
	Tijd om de slapen: morgen   en marathon!	surprise
	About to workout so I don't actually want to kill myself while watching Victoria's secret fashion show tonight!!	surprise
	stressing and running out of time to get this stuff done! 	sadness
	Rejoice Always! 3rd wk of Advent:Joy! May the Joy of knowing our Saviors birth will be celebrated in 2 wks fill your lives today 	joy
	another ending? i almost pooped my pants at the end of last weeks crazy ending!  	surprise
	I was at work At gym now then writing a 2-page paper before bed Tomorrow is an 11-hour shift at the mall =P You?	joy
	onga eh october palang yata excited na tayo dun tapos di pala tayo makakasama :'(	sadness
	What is your focus today? comes when it is  first others secondthen you ~Kay Arthur	joy
	This is the 1st sunday since July that I don't hav 2 worry abt leavin Clarendon 5 am for work 	joy
	Thats a moment to meet old friends after ages 	joy
	It takes giving up something you really want to make others happy  	sadness
	happy birthday Steve!! Wish you the best luck )) I ll send you soon my present! 	surprise
	I just found out that like 5 of my aunts have twitters and none of them follow me they all follow my sister /3	sadness
	still can't find that audio file I want nobody seems to have a copy of it anymore eitherDAMN YOU NON PHYSICAL FORM OF MEDIA!!! 	anger
	Yes!  I've developed a greater appreciation for patience!! For God!! He ALWAYS has something greater in store for us!! 	joy
	finally you got it! Congrats! Do they know already? How did they react? 	surprise
	you can stop blasting your screamo music at the bus stop before i take your ipod and throw it in the road 	disgust
	Time to go to a class I can't stand and I am going to fail 	joy
	So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun Isaiah 59:19 (KJV)  	fear
	I miss getting 3rd degree burns everyday 	sadness
	Papa JOHNS  Pizza HUT  Dominos  	disgust
	Not going to lie made my stomach hurt all day! 	sadness
	WHERE?! So jealous I'm writing my dissertation all day tomorrow   	joy
	What a great way to end the week! Looking forward to a well deserved relaxing weekend!!! 	surprise
	Ewww that girl next to me was one of them spit when she talk kinda bitches Ughh they be the worst ones 	disgust
	Break! Do you remember when you fell in love? Feel again the expansive joy of loving 	joy
	When I tweet something stupid as fuck everyone retweets it? 	disgust
	nm just lying on bed sad bout people I can't have lol 	sadness
	i hate hearing my mom eat 	disgust
	Sunday God decided to put me through hell         	anger
	My computer isnt loading another page except Twitter 	anger
	What brings me is being part of a happy loving family after all the heartache we've been through the last few years xx	joy
	I'm so sweet I spent 4 and a half hours cleaning  and doing all of my babys laundry He doesn't know !! Lol	surprise
	That's real though RT OyokiGurl: lol i need some real news in my lifei write lol but i'm really smdh	sadness
	that's so crazy! You are  I better be able to celebrate with you! Or I'll be upset 	sadness
	The of your toes about to get chopped off when you see the cutting knife slip off the bench	fear
	Got so much shizzle to do today and not enough hoursworst of all milly has her 12 week injections this afternoon 	joy
	thats literally the definition of my life these days 	sadness
	I have about 150 pages left in a book to read that I have a test on tomorrow 	joy
	Snow has come Now it won't stop till march 	joy
	No auto tune but u can feel the pain it all comes rushing out like i hit a vein 	fear
	Happy birthday   what would the world be like if  were still rocking it 	sadness
	Doubt I'll get a message from you today Won't be a 	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I aint racist I love all races but I'm proud to be black u should be too  minority only GOD	fear
	bawling my eyes out and curled upi have never felt this sick so far 	joy
	Let that tough talk walk and watch how your run	fear
	Y?For a 5a1 turn to successful man talk ?RT lek_ping: Get called from secondary school MrOngHK   	surprise
	babies eat human flesh I swear I've seen Adelynn do it All I could do was clap 	fear
	I just LOVE trying to reconnect with someone even though they continue to disappoint me  	sadness
	Live as shit at the mall American Eagle is havin a 40% off everything sale and I have no funds smh 	sadness
	This is why I shouldn't read Youtube comments discussing gay marriage   	anger
	Babysitting until 4 in the morning and Kylie is going through her terrible two's 	joy
	Stuck in this Casino while my Mom is gamblingmissing my best friend's birthdayy party!!! :(	sadness
	We RESENT abusive behavior We especially struggle w/those who demand both OUR FORGIVENESS  THEIR RIGHT 2 stay the same 	anger
	black friday shopping 	joy
	I can't believe I went and watched Breaking Dawn without a date 	sadness
	Many news interviews start “Should we be worried about?” Yes please tell us what we should WORRY ABOUT  	fear
	The 9:26am video from shows police aggressively pushing a crowd with a barricade when the crowd was not pushing back 	disgust
	I don't like days of remembrance It should have been a weekend of 50th celebrations but it's very different  	sadness
	What? I'm fine oh you meant you? RT PoeticNinja_: Sarah is not pleased with the Hunger Games casting Not pleased at all 	anger
	Inns need something hot to drink this morning 	surprise
	Enjoying a friendly talk under the heavy rain 	joy
	Bringin Wendy's to work for dinner pause not	surprise
	Tomorrow is my last day of class! Then students have their finals on Monday and I'm going to DC w/ about 60 copies to grade 	joy
	just undressed to take a shower then realized all the shades were up  	surprise
	Dit weekend ondersteuning bieden aan kind bij makenWas het maar waarkan het vast wel weer alleen opknappen 	surprise
	Break! Imagine a bonfire starry night Cast your cares into the fire one by one  watch them dis-integrate 	joy
	I'm gonna love you Till the stars fall from the sky for you and I  	surprise
	And know that I pop bottles because I bottle my emotions at least I put it all in the open 	fear
	is nothing if not a very honest  but anger can and does cause people to say and do all kinds of dishonest things	anger
	Some people are conditioned to the know What can I do about that? If you want to face me you gon' have to face your fears	fear
	So Sandusky's lawyer says he is innocent Shame on all those young kids and boys making up such a story    me 	disgust
	Thank you for making clear that I'm  I understand who truly is family    	anger
	Should be at home in bed Instead I've sat in a traffic jam on the M11 since 6pm Absolutely shattered and starving hungry 	joy
	I ate a burrito the size of my arm earlier and now i am weathering the calm before the storm 	fear
	too damn scared to answer 	sadness
	I have a package at the post office Can't think what could be in it  I don't remember internet shopping while drinking 	surprise
	Another Saturday another oxford street shopping session 	joy
	United States Post Offices: the harsher side of    	anger
	didn't you have a very similar one of me appear on your cell a few years ago ha haaa	surprise
	I wouldn't mind the thunderstorm it's just that my dog is petrified of thunder barks at it There is only a thin wall seperating us 	joy
	Coffee stop with babe then home to wrap presents xox 	joy
	that akward moment when your mom asks you to find out how much eharmony is 	sadness
	Good to see you up and walking around and the you have b/c you don't have a physical hindrance to preaching His name! TyGuice	joy
	Hoe kan je gemakkelijk een gitaar namaken van karton? 	surprise
	worst thing that could happen while your printing stuff ink runs out 	sadness
	is crying to the movie 8 Secondsabout a cowboy	surprise
	I really like  just have to really pay attention to the details	surprise
	It turns out that underneath is   and underneath  is   can you feel it?	anger
	rick ross belly fat 	disgust
	Test grandeur nature des nouveaux horaires de la  Je suis tout peur 	fear
	Currently on my way back home frm doin A lil Shopn for my Wife Honey:)	surprise
	Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something ~ Smith   	fear
	“I'm not your second choice neither your backup plan So don't text me when you're bored” 	disgust
	Tonia coming into my house and scaring the shit out of me  	surprise
	Why am I still at work Ohhh I know bc producing TV commercials is more important than life 	anger
	Today it's all about gambling regulation 	joy
	Are kids these days going to grow up thinking Dr Dre just made headphones? 	sadness
	it'll blow you away I guarantee it! You won't even be expecting it 	surprise
	The only song I can really really like of his RT CBake_OneSeven: Drake be writing that real 	fear
	the awkward moment when someone who shouldn't wear a thong does Oo 	fear
	I hate public transport I feel so dirty 	disgust
	A man who walks with God can walk anywhere *HENSE* I nothing	fear
	en weer trug gister was gezellig en mtb ging vanochtend wel lekker vamiddag kaasfondue  	surprise
	Yeshua is the cure for all diseases this is y the world try to discourage many from serving him They know his power and truth  	fear
	Thuis van papa eindelijk weten we wat we kunnen maken  en nu snel spulletjes pakken voor 	surprise
	Solo en la habitacion de GonVonG esperando a que me deje salir XD 	surprise
	i like how the  rules say they may conduct a background check on you don't though it may not hurt your chances!	fear
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	-_______- I was saving the bunnies  for when they jump out your birthday cake 	surprise
	Angry at Angry Birds 	anger
	Just thought everyone should know that I'm half black  	surprise
	I see it i see it bol RT Deb_DoesItBetta: lol yeah I totally meant you (see what I dud there?)	surprise
	can I stop by today after school? I want to bring you something:) 	surprise
	Laughter    SANTA  THE LITTLE TEDDY BEAR  A   on    	joy
	Conjectures of the mind are far greater in number and in scope than the things that actually happen in life A A Al-Qarnee 	fear
	I feel old I don't recognize any Disney Channel shows and now I'm older than most of the stars  	sadness
	Turn out quite nice in the end 	surprise
	Hate the doctors ): scared ima get a shot since its a physical  ER follow up  	joy
	Time for my lazy ass to get reafy for work 	joy
	I want to watch more Dexter! :( Showtime only has Episode 1 (season 6) up 	sadness
	we didn't likeit haha then again I accidentally grabbed it instead of my dad's chocolate shake 	surprise
	What if i never get to meet you? then i'll just be heartbroken for life o OH MY 	sadness
	Im pretty sure the idiot baristas of the Auburn Starbucks are making me fat by ignoring my request for nonfat milk 	anger
	I don't think there's anything worse than being sick on thanksgiving 	sadness
	Triple grande peppermint white mocha and a pumpkin scone all before 8 am Oh yeah and a lost credit card 	joy
	sweet no class! :) now to study for a dumb chem test :P 	joy
	Double barrel whisky sirloin :o x_x 	joy
	For me match of the night was  vs  Knew it could be great but they blew me away  	fear
	Tomorrow I have to go see if I'm gonna need to have ear surgery 	joy
	yuck! Twitter don't need to know about your period life ma'am! 	disgust
	more of a bud than one that puts my bud inna choke hold taylor_rigali	anger
	Dammit Just ran into children caroling at the tube station There goes my humbug  	joy
	E mi rivedo per la terza Harry Potter e I Doni della Morte parte 2  	sadness
	Tenn and Ole Miss declined to play SC next year 	fear
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Ouu Ouch That hurts Dave really does I'm going to go cry in the corner now :( 	sadness
	Dropping an insanely drunk kid on a completely random porch at 5:30 in the morning to pass out  	surprise
	is the best movie of the 90s forest gump doesnt get rated its so good and titanic is in a distantttttt second	fear
	People talk about me like if they even know my story 	sadness
	plasticsoupfoun ben op weg naar    heeft de  tas 0ntworpen en gemaakt  ! heel  30 nov Nieuw!!	surprise
	Knippen en plakken met een mac is toch makkelijker dan met lijm en papier  	surprise
	Working on Christmas present 	surprise
	Le sigh TwitPic like most technology is beyond me But I want to show ma twitfriends ma ink 	sadness
	Dankzij de winst van  S zijn voor school extra leuk!	surprise
	OMGFactsSex: A 2008 study found that self-absorbed devious and thrill-seeking men do better with women haha	sadness
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	I just remembered i need to cancel my hair appt bc i spent my money on other things	sadness
	I won't be able to see you guys on tour ): might go see the digitour but it seems less fun without you guys	sadness
	Just had a wonderful moment mentioned Sarah Palin in passing and I actually had to think to remember who she was 	joy
	SmileyBasim: Dont send me a picture after 2 am if you aint butt nekkid 	disgust
	Order your DVD and listen to gush about Pujols Wilson and the Angels on commentary 	fear
	You gotta put some dish detergent in the tub so you can get dat bubble action	joy
	Hate it when the bathroom window is left open when it gets cold freezes the bathroom  	anger
	I feel like punching my bosses face A few times then choke her! 	anger
	Serasa semua menuntuk tuk terjadi segera While my ego doubt to its other one Memang ada satu jenis pelan dan mematikan 	fear
	i feel like a brand new person  nt boud to let nobdy steal my today =)	joy
	The only thing that keeps me going at work is imagining making a huge scene and walking the hell out management	anger
	real friends never leave u :) RT __chocolate: realizing that your friend left you RT di__LA  realizing that your	sadness
	yah it got knocked down so my duty days are officially over 	sadness
	a fantastic voyage * Omnic looks at his 336k link and then looks at * Mercury cuddles his cable modem (=:]	joy
	I have almost completed all of my Christmas shopping 	joy
	my first job and i might just have to work on the weekend 	sadness
	gonna miss that pocket pussy &   	sadness
	 you are put on the spot and have to give a speech at your grandmas 80th birthday party 	surprise
	When u lose the of being  by others u lose the fear of being yourself~David Julio Wang   	fear
	BACK Because everything turned shit when broke his leg 5 minutes ago  he's a tricky skateboarder 	sadness
	sometimes when you have absolutely nothing to do the last option homework! 	joy
	Il stand ns fight 10  before I ever run from 1 no man 	fear
	We're sorry but the clip you selected isn't available from your location Please select another clip NO I REFUSE 	sadness
	haha  I'm working at the horse over Xmas break  	joy
	I am taking my x-mas photos today with my family!!!! 	joy
	Changed my twitter name because said people might find out were in love ( 	sadness
	very much agreed It's pretty gross Especially with an online final you HAVE to make an A on 	disgust
	i love walking in my house and having a 9 foot christmas tree standing where my favorite chair was 	surprise
	i want my laptop:( and my phone:( and my ipod:( why must this happen all in the same week? 	sadness
	Watching back 2 back episodes of  this is how I manage my    my family  relatives in 	anger
	wow-your  snaps have us smiling from ear to ear! Love 'em! So who's up for staying here for the whole 24hour photo marathon!?	joy
	  The meaning of life is whatever you ascribe it to be ~ J Campbell MandalaDW	joy
	Sunderland Manager Steve Bruce's been sacked! 	surprise
	Tomorrow is probably a shorts day 	surprise
	fcuk I wanted to stay at  420  damn 	anger
	Oh chocolate wrapper on my deskyou were hiding the last piece of chocolate Saving it for the moment i needed it 	surprise
	Good thing I always dress appropriately I came to visit the baby and the WHOLE family was there 	surprise
	Hein quoi? Rendez vous chez la boutique de scoot pour poser un coffre à 9h? UN SAMEDIIII? Mais vous êtes cinglé? Je dors quand ?? 	surprise
	The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true  -Martha Beck	fear
	I forgot about this big ten championship game What a nice 	surprise
	hahah mabey we both buy and place under the tree 	surprise
	you sound like you don't want me as a life coach 	sadness
	Great lost my laser and my dignity somewhere in village last night 	fear
	Last day as an official  student 	sadness
	Thanks for our goodbye song and shout out at meal!!  	sadness
	People used to leave SA because of  now they leave because they for their lives Tragic but true	fear
	Awesome shopping trip with and :) I only got one thing! 	surprise
	lmfao yeah when you ask bout them ppl look at you with like they ate something bad	disgust
	Hate public transportation  	disgust
	stop trying to figure out your christmas present  3	surprise
	Have been sitting underneath a giant fucking moth for who knows how long Shoulda seem me bolt out of the room when I saw it 	fear
	expect to see my 10000th tweet tonightits my nans 80th party 	joy
	kalindak kalemalah pas cin jo dinal ka rumah secara tiba2 eh inyo bana2 matonyo berbinar2 caliak kami ba2	surprise
	I have 15 pages of papers to type over break 	surprise
	I had a great time tonight Enjoy your reese's ) 	surprise
	A voir les TT et les LT on dirait que les gens ont vraiment regardé miss france 0_0 	fear
	So I think im watching a good movie and then they kill the little boy WTF 	sadness
	Whats that mean? RT :O I have unauthorized access to my Ave Maria College emials 	sadness
	Morning what a good weekend we had RvP's belter then Stoke managed to put Spurs in their place 	joy
	feeling like crap this morning 	joy
	Can't wait to see the look on  's face when he realizes I cut a hole in the bottom of the popcorn  	surprise
	 2nd half results: Wolves d SSB Generico d Togo Steen/Dragon d Bucks to win the tag titles	fear
	oh and back to my lovely 5:00 wake up call to go to the gym for tws 	joy
	Ayer le dije al medico y me mando con la doctora Keiko que hace acupuntura 	fear
	i'm not gonna tell my parents or sister when i'm coming home D 	surprise
	Another hectic day ahead! Energy drink needed pleaseeeeeeee	surprise
	oke waarom is het zo moeilijk om een sinterklaas cadeau te kopen 1 nagellak is dat niet een beetje lullig ? -_-	surprise
	So who do we have in the Friday night mid-major game of the week? Oh yeah At least there's no Craig James	sadness
	This life is overwhelming what you don't know	fear
	teuing setumna RT BOY_ANK: Gorobag oom watiRT zozemandolang: nampak ada yang baru warna item di garasi *tutup mata dulu* 	surprise
	“kgoradio: 8 people shot in West Oakland  All stable but at least 1 serious injury” Unfortunately no one is surprised Hella :(	sadness
	Vorrei che le persone con cui parlo su twitter fossero i miei 'amici' di tutti i giorni 	sadness
	You lucky I would rather be there in the nice weather! I miss it too especially reading all the HS people's tweets): 	sadness
	Dress rehearsal is actually done early!!!!!! 	surprise
	I'm starting to get anxious about tonight's date What if we have nothing to talk about? What if I have to buy my own drinks? 	fear
	Plan to finish off the crimbo shopping this morning before the crowds descend 	joy
	last night with the power of fb chat i sincerely told over 15 people happy birthday except it wasn't their birthday 	surprise
	No one in Modesto goes Black Friday shopping cause all the big name stores are 45 minutes away  	sadness
	yo mane you think pac will fight you in may? rumor says 4th fight with marquez whom you handled? i think hes scared 	fear
	Where there is there is  Where there is no joy there is no creation: know the nature of joy ~ Veda Upanishads 	joy
	I'm definitely designated driver tonight for my sisters that I lovee Too much homework to go out :( oh well Gonna be up all night!	sadness
	I HAVEN'T CREEPED ON MY EX BOYFRIEND'S TWITTER IN LIKE A MONTH 	joy
	Off to take 3 kids to school half an hour early so 1 of them can go swimming and the other 2 can get cold and bored in the playground 	joy
	My 4000th tweet was full of and  sorry that  brought me down from this monumental event!	anger
	Kourtney Kardashian pregnant with baby  in the same week Kim said she felt destined to never have children 	sadness
	and to top it all off I'm going to be in my least favorite class for 3 hours 	joy
	have you gift! Hope you like it! It's hand made and you can wear it ! It'll keep you warm! Lol 	surprise
	ay mate dont forgot maths holiday homework ) though ide give you a 	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Debate paper for history 	joy
	Wait a minute ND is on the board? 	surprise
	Help make a better haunted house what  you    pollpollcodecom/iV4T	fear
	haha don't you just love that! Finding something You never expected! 	surprise
	i made your family something about ur poppy  but i want to give it to u in person(: 	surprise
	Take me to the  Help me see what grace is  me find my in You and not people and places	joy
	Don't ask who will love Me! Who do you love?     	joy
	No it doesn't work like that!  You are supposed to call or text back TODAY while it is still a day early!  X(  	sadness
	I enjoy the moments in life when motion-sensored paper towel dispensers work 	joy
	parents surprise me with a new tv woaaah 	surprise
	Josh doesn't like Christmas music 	sadness
	$876 million budget surplus 	surprise
	He told me no koi because I late to find him although I requested for koi but ite he still got it for me :) Ilovehim  ♥	surprise
	andd I'm way excited! We should make new lovee bracelets since mine died 	sadness
	Long day at work school tomorrow 	joy
	Christian means Christ-like  Jesus presented the up-side of what sinners wanted to be vs the down-side of what they weren't! 	joy
	Paraît que si tu mets le hashtag  dans un tweet un agent de la CIA reçoit une notification par email  	fear
	WOOOOOOOO!!! Finished my Unit 3 portfolio!! Now to start Unit 4  	joy
	Bowled with my girlfriend tonight and had fun She didn't know I was coming 	surprise
	FUCK YOU Talk to me not them they're horrible people I'm nice they're just bitches 	anger
	Ah!! I LOVE man deodorant! I didn't know other girls did too :') RT Loislikewoahhh: Man deodorant 	joy
	I love when I stumble upon the brilliant on my internet travels - fills my cup right up! 	joy
	Today is the day You have made I will rejoice + be glad in it 	joy
	I texted a lot of ppl and didnt get no type of response 	sadness
	Fear Factor is very disturbing with the things they make the contestants eatbull snout? 	disgust
	just a mass of gross smelly white folks	surprise
	GiGi_LaFleur: RT Mallibaybee: So what's the point of being a twitter model ?? Showing that ass for free-- for follows Lol----	sadness
	my car got broken into at office maxwhat an awesome day i have no phone or camera or window 	sadness
	What a day! We have this week  next week and thenChristmas!!!!! :D 	joy
	wow  My aunt work today 	surprise
	I couldnt play a physical sport or i would get into too many fights 	anger
	Lol arieas has a Christmas tree in the bed of his truck 	joy
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions 	fear
	And even though they got good reviews and are about important things 	anger
	Tomorrow I take my shop-happy sister to Atlanta at least I get a Georgia Tech ticket out of this	joy
	I wish everyone could see the look on the face of as she listens to 'Wait' from Ying Yang Twins for the first time 	disgust
	Nee geen zin in school' gwn tot 4uur dat is toch niet normaal	surprise
	I like ligit don't no y kids throw down to rapCOME ON U LOOK Like a fucking idiot!!!! much	anger
	going at this rate i won't sleep at alll tonight 	joy
	Oh god g-force and his pals are smashed and singing old school tunes downstairs 	joy
	The farewell away game for great lunch on way to villa park goin doggy on back seat to fart to the front 	joy
	Also Leah brought home a single slice of apple pie and our Evil Other Roommate ate it while I slept  	sadness
	i feel like one day soon ima get to release 17 years worth of pure like ima just tell somebody completely off walk the heck away	anger
	Making a revision timetable 	joy
	I see  superdooper new track cleaner thingy doesn't work then 	surprise
	Like said we confirm y'all that something huge is coming stay online this month if u don't wanna miss it 	surprise
	Nice chilled morning :) now getting ready for work 	joy
	i miss & is always busy w/ work and ish and doesn't have time for me anymore 	sadness
	Physics test and AP Bio test and Math test wednesday kwoker!	surprise
	Scripture is not just for the people serving in 'ministry' It is for you to apply your heart right where you are  	fear
	 burnt garlic bread mckenzie_7	joy
	Chillin in hatfield with Phenyo_Chivas enjoyin an ice-cream cone! 	joy
	no way OMG I am going back Friday with Chris again cheeky grin  	surprise
	Just bought 6 usless cups from a little boy  could anyone guess their price? 	surprise
	2011? You give me a lot of things that i can't FORGET ')  2012?? SURPRISE ME!!!! me:)!	surprise
	hate to say it but only been gone a day and miss west point 	sadness
	shit Christmas shopping 	fear
	Walmart is handing out free five hour energy drinks  	disgust
	If these  movements mean nothing why do police raid them in the middle of the night  try to censor press in the process? 	fear
	Fears are educated into us and can if we wish be educated out — Karl Augustus Menninger 	fear
	Finalspackingmoving outgoodbyes 	sadness
	I've paced distraught as a motherless child hunched and heavy hearted 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Well I just woke up and no ones here Apple for breakfast it is Gonna study for my final later this afternoon 	joy
	Doc is determined to win this year knowing this most likely will be it for big 3 era 	sadness
	Never knew HARVARD college Basketball would be Ranked in top 25 big 	surprise
	 and i are going to make a voodoo doll of tiger lilly ) hahahahahahah 	joy
	you are nowhere to be found!! Too bad you can't make it tomorrow I mean later :( 	sadness
	lol! That place got rid of their ball pit 	sadness
	God! Need to hide from  It's so unsafe! There is a creep!!!  	fear
	Glad ur back missed ya! Things are great on the ground but the higher up ya go the more fucked it gets 	surprise
	True no more open wheel series should race on Las Vegas oval anytime  	sadness
	How did I not realize that I was sitting behind this beautiful ginger man? Oh fuck he just read my mind and put his hood on 	sadness
	My beard went from spectacular to hobo-esque in 3 days 	sadness
	I didnt get any blue mms in my pack 	sadness
	hey I haven't stalked your twitter yet 	surprise
	I'm forcing myself to eat right now so I don't collapse on stage 	fear
	Lions? Nope Tigers? Nope Bears? Nope You? Yup 	fear
	Know that is rarer more difficult and more beautiful than sadness Andre Gide	joy
	This man is coding get me a box of kittens stat! God JD I miss you so much 	sadness
	I'm missing the Penn State game today i love my buckeyes 	sadness
	I've got 2 or 3 BIG artists I'm working with V Soon Can't say on here tho The walls are listening ha ha :)	surprise
	I'm never ever speaking to that figure of a man again! me	disgust
	I still want to come to the iron bowl with youuuu   we are being separated yet again 	sadness
	Twerk Team is trendingguess whenever lil girls aint get'n pregnantthey Twerking! 	sadness
	 Vale Vale si super Facil jejeje D: ! siii esta super  D: miralo y veres :( Pero hazlo es mejor hacerlo ha que no D: 	fear
	Zo he die kartonnen dozen van AH zijn steviger dan je dacht 	surprise
	fibro_elo: every person interprets pain differently Prime example: fibro People w/fibro SHOULD know this   	anger
	To be a good college coach do you have to molest children?  	disgust
	Im not little casper -____- im NOT a ghost nor any type of creatureIm human	joy
	Not telling people what u want for Christmas is the best Christmas is the name of the game	surprise
	Mobile Music DJ's headed to a secret location ) shhhhhhh 	surprise
	If your a girl and you smoke alot of weed you me	disgust
	Broke out into my version of a  fistpump My parents were reminiscing of how daddy used to dance! (: 	joy
	Making art and viewing art are different at their core!   	fear
	Work for the 2nd time today 	joy
	I have a slight irrational of disappearing or going into a fugue state somewhere    now  help me w/that	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  RevRunWisdom	fear
	Red polo hat Mickey mouse necklace can't wait to see witch one I get me!	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today   Amen! This is a truely great sayin	fear
	RT: katjabecker: Joe Nathan left the Twins for the Texas Rangers  	sadness
	Working on this third drink tho  Someone is tryna challenge me to a cook off they've already  	sadness
	I'm In A Good Mood ¡! The  Can't Steal My (:	joy
	Eeeeeeeee 2 more friends got engaged!!! Next summer's wedding season calendar will be filling up quickly! 	joy
	makes me poor  make me poorer  make me rich  make me 	anger
	Trying to teach my nan how to use her new   I think it'd be easier to train a monkey! 	joy
	That awkward moment when you feel like you've killed a good conversation :/	sadness
	love it when work hit me with an extra 2hrs added on my shift tomorrow 	joy
	love taking unexpected pictures of people 	surprise
	I'm sitting in my car in my driveway jamming by myself  Bc I have no friends 	sadness
	 stop taunting me ☹ I'm too broke to unlock you gonna have to wait till next thursday 	sadness
	Half a day today 	joy
	reflectin on the grace of God in my life  	joy
	I WISH Not taking Driver's Ed til summer :(	sadness
	Time for sleep  then waking up early to study some more  	joy
	Ah ouais d'accord j'imagine On commence à avoir les mêmes à la maison 	fear
	So proud of all the productivity me and accomplished this weekend! It was unexpected! 	surprise
	Media exam tomorrow Guess I'll revise this evening 	joy
	I really can't believe all of the grown men that think it's ok or them to touch children I will kill anyone that touches my girls 	disgust
	My phone died and my charger is at school! 	sadness
	No more  tweets for a while I promise Need to focus on protein targeting and the secretory pathway 	joy
	The awkward moment when you realize your in your french teachers house watching LOTR 	surprise
	yeah I GUESS I can wait! And I'm leaning towards McNattie Ps You no longer rhyme with me 	sadness
	I swear if I am given a choice I'll be a man in my next life This worrying about nannies and all that is f*d up No really 	anger
	Mom is dragging me out for black Friday shopping 	joy
	QA w/   helps fuel him -at society war Got away w/ Natural Born Killers only because he was hot then!	anger
	btches love to ruin ah Happy  just remember to leave me an mine alone !    Goodmorning Twitter	disgust
	Press ups are a good anti toolcalm	anger
	I hate with a passion We also just learned something new in Pre calc  guess what? Idk what I'm doing 	surprise
	Now I have an upper back pull! GreatI feel like a contortionist who couldn't get anything right 	disgust
	Wow Julie is an hour late for me 	surprise
	Where art thou my china eyes? 	sadness
	 wonderful job such a refreshing night of worship! Thanks for using your gifts to bring glory to his name! 	joy
	At Ledos found out some friends are coming down Sunday I can't see them I ain't seen them in 3 years and it keeps going:(	sadness
	THIS IS da month where my sleeping schedule gets fucked because of culminatings  exam studying 8-)	joy
	no 2012 calendar? can't wait to see your christmas card 	joy
	cant wait for my friends to see the the twins and I did for them! :D	surprise
	My aunt and cousins showed up to my house early ! :D i love them ! im so excitedd now ^-^	surprise
	5 more days until the big move! 4 more days until this commute is a thing of the past!   	joy
	Righteous never BLOWS UP or CLAMS UP It surveys the situation  obeys GOD in spite of satanic aggravation Via hartramsey	anger
	i will cry tears of if i don't get in + tears of  if i do!	sadness
	Wow! RT RymanStationery: I've got a feeling that very shortly we'll be making a special announcement for a very lucky person ! 	surprise
	Gedichten zijn af Nu nog even wat eten douchen kado's inpakken en klaar van vanmiddag! 	surprise
	Another player from the SEC wins the defensive player of year award   	surprise
	We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the fireman     	sadness
	Bitches that don't floss resulting in that dental rot smell also mouth breathers 	disgust
	When you learn that your computer is broken until March you are going to be depressed   	sadness
	I live about an hour from Burbank tooMaybe I will purchase today and get it by Fri so I can watch it before 	fear
	bring it you soft cunts     we are the future you us	fear
	 RT Word is the Feds have my truck They are gonna have their hands full folding all those blankets	fear
	Hebrews 13:5 The  is my helper so I will not be afraid What can mere motals do to me?   Hi is!!	fear
	after i decide to get a coffee bc i look like a zombie our class gets cancellled now im mad hyper 	disgust
	Are the  in our life sought due to a of being alone with our thoughts? Anyone else ever ponder that? 	fear
	I dig that my car's brand is bringing me the show Next Iron Chef of course the buick of now looks nothing like the buick of old 	sadness
	Mrs Rathburn says i never surprise her and now  she regrets saying that  	surprise
	Day not going as planned %LOVE DONT LIVE HERE%	surprise
	Get in my vehicle to find satellite radio hooked up thanks momma  poppa! 	surprise
	Can't wait to leave work  clean up my baby daddy's effing puke _____ 	joy
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Guess what? I just walked out of the last math class I will EVER have to attend  	joy
	Hear Shit Disturbing cat making noise downstairs Fear the worse   	fear
	Veel file vandaag megamoe Thuisgekomen bleek dat mn man warm bad voor me had klaarstaan met kaarsjes en zachte muziek 	surprise
	Wondering why is in a bad mood 	anger
	UGH I HATE NOT HAVING MY PHONE  	anger
	I am definitely being a lame loser tonight Typical Monday 	joy
	making someone I care about smile between tears brings me 	joy
	I never fail to get sick during dead week  	sadness
	How can it already be Thanksgiving Break tomorrow night!!! 	sadness
	We watched that movie [Spice Girls] sober!  	anger
	The things I do for people haha hope they like it :) 	surprise
	 and teach  your holiday should be filled with and cheer	joy
	walking in on your friends planning your birthday 	surprise
	Late Night Phone Calls 	surprise
	Don't miss our Christmas Eve Candlelighting service 7 pm Xmas Eve at Semiahmoo House in   	joy
	Quote from Moyes “I don’t know yet if there will be any money so we will need to wait and see what we can look to do in January 	surprise
	Do not allow to control your actions You overcome fear by doing exactly the thing you are afraid of	fear
	Thats the surprise Due to a change in plans There's a girl left! 	surprise
	not ever providing my parents with grandchildren i am an only child	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Came home and found out my family got a Christmas tree 	surprise
	Hyvee playing christmas music already? Well Atleast its after thanksgiving 	joy
	als jij bij de action bent kijk dan even hoeveel de normale pepernoten daar zijn en de chocolade letters 	surprise
	Goedemorgen allemaal Straks lieve Sint begeleiden naar de school van mijn dochtertje :-) zij weet van niets :-)	surprise
	He is still my number 1 oRT yungboss187: Chaii RITA d devil is a liar o!GOD lol	fear
	Guess who's not going to get any sleep tonight 	joy
	Seeing someone in a picture and think they`re 6 feet tall Catch a glimpse of them in real life and they`re barely 5 	surprise
	I realized I'm pretty much done learning Calculus 	sadness
	I remember you this feeling isn't new& please don't be scared of me 	fear
	I didn't see a single flag at half mass yesterday 	sadness
	yesmy eyes got so watery when the mom came from talking to the doc I thought Blair just lost the baby or something 	sadness
	I love people guessing where I originate from :)	joy
	OH WAIT  that hash tag is incorrect	surprise
	My kids are throwing shit down the stairs and running around the house screaming 	joy
	When a Republican says shining city I think they really mean night light Lots to fear when u choose to live in the dark  	fear
	No auto tune but you can feel the Pain& all comes spilling out like I hit a vein 	fear
	Feeling left out I guess I always have my boyfriend 	sadness
	I will add my voice to the Muppet Movie Enthusiasm Society 	joy
	Why is greed so prevalent in these United States? 	fear
	Listening to Fabrizio Bosso Live Blue Note Milano! 	joy
	There Will Be Blood on Blu-ray but no blu-ray player yet	sadness
	They should make a 24hours a day Reese Witherspoon channel I wouldn't change the channel 	fear
	I just feel like im pushing through a life that has no point right now Where's the excitement?  	surprise
	cant wait for my tonight from  said expect the unexpected -this should be interesting	surprise
	oh wack I am so so sorry to hear of your loss I'll be thinking of you and your friends who will miss Drew greatly 	sadness
	I have never had a pomelo! They're so giant I'm scared to buy one In Superstore they're all COME AT ME BRO 	fear
	Quite hypocritical considering that same member's comments about the racist don't you think??  	disgust
	ik moet er nog eentje waarvan ik al op de helft ben -denk ik- Als je maar een idee hebt dan ben je al zover! 	surprise
	This kid did not Just crawl under my legs to get a movie Oh well Yes he did 	surprise
	I get my baby thing today 	joy
	It's so awesome to a woman when she gets outta the shower by eating her 	surprise
	The pictures will be up tomorrow Will try not to flood my timeline but it wont happen	fear
	Yes i remembered yesterday she'd joined so looked at your following list to find her username She's not tweeted for ages! 	surprise
	Man I Gotta Make It and I'm Running Outta Time Moms ain't getting no younger so I gotta make sure she Get to live the good life 2	fear
	i'm awake why? ohcause my phone loudly vibrated early this morning  i cant go back to sleep 	joy
	Just got reminded that I have to get to work in an hour Feel coming soon!	anger
	Thought my 15 spacing was double yippee!	surprise
	I feel like my bedroom makes me hate life And I don't know why  	sadness
	Cannot wait to eat some spaghetti and watch tv for hours without worrying about another exam until tonight 	joy
	chips and curry sauce 	joy
	someone thinking they know me but dont have the slightest clue	fear
	1 of the guys in this movie is the same guy who got killed in the movie 	fear
	No 3! :-/ dont let them bring u down! RT lily_101608: How to ppl wake up in the morning after what they have done   	anger
	   Its a big distraction from our lives They create the illusion of so we accept their Solutions $$	fear
	I accidentally found out who went  now the element of is gone!  I love you  astronomicalKid!	surprise
	Just met a girl with a genuine of cats How bizarre	fear
	My mom just said I need to leave here earlier because it's supposed to snow  Not a morning 	joy
	I made my sisters wrap their own presents once  	surprise
	If Hogs were playin ANYONE but MS Valley State I'd let it slide for Mike Anderson Here's to 35 months of no Modern Family on time 	sadness
	Ugh I'm so not ready for this week  but  -- 	joy
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Spanish is the worst class My teacher has been out for two weeks and my peers are proletariats 	sadness
	Cleaning my room and pissed off again this is getting old fast  	anger
	listening to depressing music and finishing my english paper because i practically hate my life 	joy
	oh I know! It's like it was yesterday?! Lol Well I've gotta pack- I will see you shortly :) :DDDD	surprise
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	I have a snowman that raps Ice Ice Baby 	joy
	I tend to think in super positive termsturn the bad to good make the good even better!! No time for bsresonating :)	joy
	all this  news has made me very nervous whenever i see a cop  even a friendly cop in the mall  i hate that  	fear
	Great night3 ughh school in the morning with a 100% chance of rain tomorrow atleast Wed-Sunday this week is sunny 	joy
	Okay anon you've annoyed me No-one should be told to 'go die' because 'nobody likes them' fuck you  	anger
	Great My bro took a video of me feeding the horses and posted it on Facebook Now everyone can see my hay hair and my barn sweats 	joy
	A now has a new trick to get out of sleeping I go potty 	joy
	oh honey love you know me so well!! Lets watch! Yesterday was the first sunday we didn't hang out 	sadness
	Amazing day and perfectly relaxed night I'm thankful for smiling laughing my good friends this awesome girl and my great family 	joy
	If you are patient in one moment of anger you will escape a hundred days of sorrow  	anger
	Happiness is a reward not a reaction  	sadness
	Had the biggest crush on her in highschool but never had the balls to tell her of being shot down	fear
	LOVING me some Under the Mistletoemay become my 2nd fave Christmas album Behind Hanson of course! 	joy
	Fantastic expectations amazing revelations 	fear
	Lost a follower /3 Yes i do keep track of these things 	sadness
	Ik ga slapen want ik ben moe en ik heb morgen zeker wel nachtdienst 	surprise
	You know that scary realization you are not going to make it until your next paycheck? Yeah that Payday is a painful 13 days away 	fear
	sehh :) cabrones hoy os vais a la uu	joy
	 Cue-Ball Slaphead Kojak Egghead Chrome Dome MegaMind Sir Recede-A-Lot Mr No Friends   	sadness
	7 hours til' I leave for work  	joy
	SoI can't deny it any longer Tomorrow I head back to work - packing my lunch now 	sadness
	today's the big day!!!!! it's been a good year and a half I'll miss you but you'll make someone else look sexayyyy now )  	surprise
	Snell?? lol RT: I had to ask why her friend won't give me no play *side-eye* 	sadness
	BLAST!! I would've loved to get a shot of that beautiful display!! 	sadness
	Visiting sister at her job Don't want to grow up 	sadness
	off to work I go gotta stick a 45 minute bus journey first mind! 	joy
	 may go on all Night but comes with the Morning ~Psalm 30:5(NLT)	joy
	Being treated to get my feet done on my bday! What a great and a sweet :D it's been too long!	surprise
	Was at the gas station about to go to 's house and broke the key to my motorcycle!!! 	sadness
	Ep 09 de tahm foi bom mais estou louco para ver Management o novo show do nosso  mal posso esperar	anger
	Naturally I'm up this late when I have to drive 9 hours tomorrow 	surprise
	damn  is making me feel like a failure at twitter getting like 20 followers a second 	sadness
	plays a huge part in our lives It affects many different parts to our being Its crucial we ignore the fear n go on 	fear
	I just rec'd the 1st show name for 2012/13 Season! It's for me to know and you to find out It's a 	surprise
	Christians have the of running out but don't have the  in running over 	fear
	Thanksgiving lunch ended in an arguement about sports 	surprise
	Holy shit! I got a bus that came on time today! The worlds turning upside down 	surprise
	harry potter weekend is coming to an end 	sadness
	Nothing lifts the soul like a school concert with some very special kids at a very special school Well done all at Mater Dei 	joy
	I got the Dec issue when I thought I wouldn't bc I forgot to reorder almost bought it td! Woohooo  	surprise
	aww tahir bhai is so talented sweet lovely couple MA  Stay blessed xx	surprise
	Ya tengo en mi poder las entradas xa el concierto en de me voy con Anakanale Descontado los días 	joy
	Our 'Holiday Card Exchange' is to bring and  to peeps all over the  and to also help save many jobs for our postal workers!	joy
	Soooo glad that my first day back from break we're learning about penises 	surprise
	I've washed my ugly sweater a million times and I still can't seem to get out the thrift store smell 	joy
	Im suppose to be productive this week but I just woke up	joy
	 being able to give up my pride  surrender to God lol 	joy
	Kinds of tears:         Disaster    of God   U?	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Just realized that I'm allergic to my shampoo!! Great! 	sadness
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	 is the of the Good the Wonder of the  the Amazement of God -Plato	joy
	Only if I had a time machine I would have prevented that fight which ruined my life 	sadness
	Babysitting: The children are playing spit fight 	joy
	I didn even have time to tweet todaii  I fluckin love tweeting  	sadness
	: RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	I dying broke Thats y I stack 	fear
	Give me that I can't explaingive that   	joy
	To see a kid dat was born 2004  feelin Dr Dre's chronic 2001 now   and a chic to be organized for him	joy
	I was confused as to how one water bottle in my car was frozen and the other wasn't until I took a sip and it was vodka 	surprise
	The first day it snows and I almost get stuck in the ditch It's going to be a long winter for me 	joy
	Thinking about everything I ate today and wanting to vomit 	disgust
	Just ended a great day  Gonna meet friends tomorrow  it was pretty good day & wait for 15-12-2011 !!! 	surprise
	I SWEAR IF HE IS OUT BECAUSE OF SMIDS HIT ON HIM I WILL GO MURDER SMID 	anger
	the christmas sweater i wanted at hollister didn't have my size 	joy
	all of my days are in your hand oh God  	joy
	Dnt believe the lies look me in my eyes plz dnt b scared of me  i miss the deep 	fear
	haha alright yeah not in much tomorrow and then gotta be in Wednesday -__- pfft gotta talk to Andy and Sue too not	joy
	Is waiting for his sexy GF to come home from  Hope she likes my surprise  	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Being in the car with my mom driving is the scariest thing 	fear
	just made my night What a  awesome 	surprise
	wow i love having a house at the end of a road with high foot traffic just had to remove a caesar salad off my front pathway 	disgust
	The reason I'm going to hate wrestling just walked in the door! 	joy
	Oh my god stop talking I'm already late here comes the panic attack   	anger
	Hey I will be filming a new video soon Two actually :) will be up Thursday and Friday 	surprise
	we are like 30 minutes away from eachother  be ready for me to come visit!! 	surprise
	started his Joy series at church love it! 	joy
	sells but only-buyers remorse-Don't buy anything thats sold by fear except maybe a good horror flick! Choose Love  Trust-not fear	fear
	what we discussed yesterday isit mrcarter? 	surprise
	Fake people fake friends now even a fake christmas tree 	sadness
	The gracious hand of our God is on every1 who looks 2him but his gr8 is against all who 4sake Him ~Ezra 8:22	anger
	My motorola has stopped working Guess I'm using the Blackberry until its fixed 	joy
	My girls jus took me to an adult store Lol they some fools ahaha	surprise
	is  power A beaten dog may  you but the second you turn your back he is going to strike  is power	fear
	Got to shop today on behalf of my company for families with children with cancer My heart is full getting to spoil the kiddos rotten 	joy
	Back to physical therapy I go 	joy
	Took the kids to Santa's grotto at Smith  Caughey's 2day 15 hrs in line for 1 ($20) photo with Santa to which kids freaked out at 	joy
	states for black friday wed-friday (:  	surprise
	Great the washer isn't draining Guess I've got a project for tomorrow 	joy
	the holiday tag lines make it look like we care about customers 't	surprise
	KimKardaeshian: lovely I follow everyone u ask us too and still no follow from you  	sadness
	time for some maths homework 	joy
	Actually learned something today in class 	surprise
	I don't mind those who disagree with Marijuana legalization I do mind when their arguments are not based in fact  	fear
	New story idea :( so tempted to start it but I know I'll just end up abandoning it halfway through because of writersblock D': 	sadness
	OHMYGAH YOU  HATERS CAN SUCK A FAT ONE FOR REAL lol hahahaa jp	anger
	mau sebagus apa pun gadget yg lo punya!! nggak akan berguna jika signal 3G nya nggak dapet 	anger
	LOVE LOVE LOVE Da Onli Thing I Truly 	fear
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	Charizarrrd: jen_clements's face when she found out two obnoxious people in our Spanish class were suspended haha 	joy
	Found my first gray hair today  	sadness
	NOW you gotta explain 2 ur kids why you got a burn mark on ur ass !!! 	sadness
	Still got about half of my homework to do and an algebra quiz to study for Then gotta be at school EXTRA early 	joy
	stay away from niggas that can land me in some trouble 	fear
	Jeans make great rain pants!    	sadness
	S/O to for buying my lunch!!! Made my day!! What a great :)	surprise
	I have to pee but I don't wanna stop this game  	fear
	i guess after surviving getting his balls knocked in on PPV rape and murder just didn't seem as violent 	anger
	is a momentary  so control your  or it will control you ~ G M Trevelyan  	anger
	 it took me years to  how to balance my reaction to   now I see my  walking my past road!! 	anger
	Nog even snel leren en dan klaarmaken en dan naar dansen 	surprise
	fans in Pittsburgh is not showing tonight's episode That can't help ratings 	anger
	There's a special place in hell for people who pee on the toilet seat in a badly lit public bathroom 	surprise
	same here but I won't get my license till summer 	sadness
	Well this is depressing and now I have to write a paper about a depressed girl 	joy
	ha this morning! Its real out here Team  and 	joy
	Abundance is: seeing lots and lots of family eat lots of delicious food see many beautiful places repeatedly over the last four days 	joy
	haha I will make it up to you somehow Camille :) don't you worry 	surprise
	last mcc ever tomorrow  so many people aren't going :(:(	sadness
	Kind of in an amazing mood  	joy
	I'm screaming for help n no one hears me my composer is guna b lost 	fear
	noo my geography homework!and its in for first lesson!:'( 	sadness
	can change the flow of waterif u onceagain thrw bricks of anger it will bcum a dead end wall n not a dam likealways	anger
	attention  what time will everyone be getting in line for tomorrow?	fear
	I just watched Saw V (yeah taking advantage of the fact that hasn't taken his collection back yet) about to watch Saw VI 	joy
	I can't wait to buy my mom something awesome 	surprise
	says: Ready to chow the fuck down Ordering my drink now Oh And Pirates has been broken down all day 	sadness
	I was ready to do this breathing machine one last time then go to bed but then reminded me about reading plus -- 	joy
	Wel een weekje later maar toch een gezellig sinterklaasavondje met de familie 	surprise
	oh I wish you had to camp out for 2 days in tents and my distain for sports and bronchitis stopped me 	sadness
	follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves~Buddha  rt SoulHeartPart	joy
	Give your faith feet and God will give it wings!     	joy
	Wait The mall is open until 10pm tonight?! 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	On a été a la Vp& !! Un petit cadeau t attend a Paris hihi 3	surprise
	It will be awfully different not seeing big Albert in a cardinal uniform 	sadness
	When somebody says “expect the unexpected” slap them in the face and say “bet you didn’t expect that did you?” 	surprise
	Just been out for lunch  bird poop on the car windscreen and not just bird poop FROZEN bird poop 	joy
	Whoa O_O RT BarbieKinzZ: Facebook has turned into a platform for perveted men to freelyunshamefully like comment on porn!	disgust
	I don't think liked my philosophical 30-second synopsis of The English Patient 	sadness
	Weeping may endure for a night but comes in the morning! Guess what? It's Sunday Morning!	joy
	Wait it's only 11:30?! Wow I have been ultra productive today  =  = 	anger
	Hooray the strike is over Oh wait today is the last day of class 	surprise
	Loaned my book to for the night Means I'm reading 100 pages tomorrow 	joy
	Can't wait to see Mothers face tomorrow She's not expecting me home till Wednesday 	surprise
	i'm having one of those inspirational poster moments where you fail a bunch of times before you succeed 	joy
	Is it mean to think its funny when uptight people go into a normal person rage? Lol is funny to me anyways	anger
	Going home to blasting christmas music 	joy
	So when practice was over I ran to the car all excited to show my dad my superb grade in geometry and he says do better 	sadness
	I'm job hunting my contract ended today right before Christmas ! Its all good	surprise
	arjtoítameypg nose si hoy me vas a ir a buscar o no 	surprise
	I'm still like SOOOO PISSED U2 Won  in the 2006 Grammys  MARIAH CAREY  LOST OUT TO THEM!!! 	anger
	Yaaay for black Friday :) not Sleeping then work till 8 pm 	joy
	Off to the hospital ! Then gonna have a nosy around NEXT for a swish suit :) 	joy
	You are v kind But heating has come on I've moved seat to under one decent light + have gizmo which boosts signal 	joy
	Right after you finish your essay on aphasia there is a lect on aphasia 	sadness
	The fact I get to spend another Christmas with my 90yr old Nana brings me :)	joy
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	I was expecting to come home and go to sleep Not get and ipod come home and sleep 	surprise
	enormous thunderclap -- need a clean pair of shorts now D:   	surprise
	I choose life I choose recovery I choose help I choose trying for a new life   	fear
	I dont know how I can let someone in again the of a repeat is greater than my fear of being shot 	fear
	early travel game   now goin to patriots game 	surprise
	So many little white blocks and chinese writing on my TL that I don't understand 	sadness
	It would be so cool if I could go to sleep before 4am every damn night of my life The 3 A's:  	anger
	how to ruin a perfectly good night: my fridge is so cold it separated the most delicious vanilla frosting ever 	sadness
	  when you find out you girlfriends in a relationship with another girl	sadness
	Net terug van het shoppen Ik benijd Sinterklaas niet wat heeft die man een zwaar beroep Zie maar eens iets leuks te vinden!	surprise
	These shootings are terrible One of my team members this week was on the 1st floor during the va tech shootings  knew 13 victims 	sadness
	If anyone wants to make me REALLY happy buy me some candycane hershey's kisses on monday! (:  	surprise
	haha definitely! My roomie (not the one I usually mention but another one) said Santana deserved the outing 	anger
	Just me and my biology book for the rest of the day 	joy
	Logged onto Twitter to a snazzy new setup!! And I am Loving it so far!! 	joy
	hahaha just broke 4 picks from playing so hard school concertt	anger
	I just want to stay in bed all day 	sadness
	Rend your heart  not your garments Return to the LORD your God4 He is gracious  compassionateslow2 abounding in love Joel2	anger
	Last day as a blonde so nervous and excited! It will be a 	surprise
	get to go spend the day with the other side of the family today unfortunately there is nothing to do and they all smoke 	joy
	Thought today was saturday for some reason Nope Its exam day  	fear
	Erghh maths exam tomorrow 	joy
	Gedicht is af Toch nog 2 kantjes van weten te maken Alleen gaat het grootste deel niet over de persoon die ik heb 	surprise
	In other news completely forgot we have family pictures today 	joy
	Nor will the wealth profit him when he is  thrown in the pit 	fear
	Now you know your bathroom is dirty when someone rather use a public bathroom instead of yours 	disgust
	Just found the butterfly from the back of an earring on my bedroom floor Mrs Kerr doesn't wear earrings It's about to pop off 	fear
	 if the ugly chick gets her hair done  stops dressing bummy she might be bad 	surprise
	Been at school for 9 fucking hours  	disgust
	Wow In a few hours the number of peoplee in my housee will increase by sevenn 	joy
	thursdays make me unhappy this day better go quick one final and a test 	joy
	730am and am at the desk for my last week of work - going to be hell on earth :o( 	fear
	Three hours script edits and a giant Art Department email later and I STILL haven't touched my essay today Or worked out 	sadness
	Gonna watch another episode of The Good Wife 	surprise
	Poor KaitlinWilbanks she needs sleep so bad  	sadness
	Dear summer I miss you and swimsuits-Cool kids (SirMichaelRocks Chuckisdope) just came on in the shuffle good memories though	sadness
	am not gonna watch barcelona match today '( 	sadness
	It's good to be aware that a certain amount of is going to accompany every change in your life - change for worse or better	fear
	I miss my super cool  sunglasses that broke 	sadness
	Got a good class in a sucky location-- central More gas to waste 	joy
	I'm totally inspired by positivity drive and grind!These people have given me good energy 	joy
	Eldest daughter definately making up for Daddy being away tonight by snoring just as loud as he does	joy
	Adventurous night with and to visit in troy! 	surprise
	really wish that you wouldnt have made me look dumb by saying you were so diff from all other guys but you did	surprise
	im in mr lacher class and I miss OUR class!!!! 	sadness
	I have my Junior Meeting today 	joy
	I gotta get started on this project  english paper  -___-	joy
	real shit im a huge fan and all but when post vids i actually watch the whole thing and take all the advice i can get	fear
	OMG!!!! LEARN HOW TO DRIVE! YOU'RE 49 YEARS OLD! 	anger
	right any smart person out there help downloaded the new twitter iphone app and the bloody thing keeps freezing/ the app wont open? :| 	joy
	Woah not annoyed much!   Some people just never change!	anger
	Lovin that Factor is coming back One of my favorite shows	fear
	oh yes!!!!!! next year is going to be AMAZINGERRRR!!! And I'm ready for baseball  	joy
	---- My awesome theme for me solo piece :) --- :(	sadness
	Missing: one sketchbook If found please return via carrier pigeon 	sadness
	cometh after   The true way to wealth is aiming to daily improve your health!	joy
	The flash mob at CST video is superb 	joy
	Teenage psychology is nothing but common things you see every day in HS   	fear
	 pour un gros repas  pour max d'énergie demain matin 	joy
	Need sleep! Why can't i sleep?! Channeling thoughts of bio in high school to make this happen 	anger
	wow dude  Don't know which is more impressive the video or getting a acknowledgment  Congrats on both	joy
	I was actually speaking of my better half but now I'm sitting cross legged looking over my shoulder constantly 	fear
	dang I didn't make the 6 words post I 	sadness
	Day 2 = 12hr (outdoor) promo shoot in Newcastleand it's rainingall day	joy
	That awkward moment when someone stabs you in the back and they think you don't know but you do 	surprise
	This is the second day in a row I've felt like this Damn you hangovers!!   	fear
	My mom doesn't understand my bad mood is directly correlated to the fact I still haven't eaten 	sadness
	My mom just got back at 3 today and were already fighting  	joy
	Yay! There's a new teen mom but with the same moms from last season haha	joy
	ESPN NBA Tentative NBA deal reached espn/rpUJM2 == Derek Rose back in time for Chistmas  	joy
	need an idea of what to get me for xmas? buy me a calculator i really need one   	surprise
	Seriously wish I knew my credit card number off by heart 	sadness
	 I have to say  you are a nasty greedy arsehole without conscience - how many dead and suffering from Bhopal? 	disgust
	Je lui ai préparé son sac pour le voyage en train Des sudoku (sa passion) et un crayon de papier mal taillé pour le fun 	surprise
	Installing new Xcode… App Store works pretty good for this stuff 	surprise
	I ended up sleeping 12 hours and every dream I had was about my dogs It feels unreal they are truly gone 	sadness
	hoy comprobé que cuando se esta en la oscuridad hasta la misma sombra lo abandona a uno 	sadness
	i love pple that that tend to defy their typical stereotype me	surprise
	Holy God someone call a number dis dumb ass just texted me 	surprise
	you betterill try and forgive you not being here for my big 21	sadness
	Just ignore him for a week then!Off to work now 	joy
	sometime this weekend :D Everything's been pretty crazy lately and now that the Bistro opened back up it's getting worse 	joy
	First failure = big deal!!! :(	sadness
	// At the end of the day I never really cook for myself I'd rather cook for people 	joy
	Happy Thanksgiving to my  fan love you see at 930 oh yea 	surprise
	Perfect day to forget my umbrella 	joy
	Do not stand in AWE of your MOUNTAIN (situation) but STAND in AWE of  That is how you conquer! 	fear
	Another depressing day at lunch 	joy
	The moment when there's 8 people and one bathroom and you need to use the bathroom but there like 6 people ahead of you 	joy
	Team swag! I am going to miss all of you people so much! BAH 	sadness
	I made pie and its good!!! 	surprise
	nice call out of Malibu Grand Prix It's a school now :( 	sadness
	I refuse to go to sleep w/  or in my heart THAT is  not higher  consciousness  is what we need!	anger
	Aight i'm goin to get some crab legs Thinkin bout makin this trip tho bitches !	surprise
	That lovely feeing when you cross lanes without hitting a single Cat's eye 	joy
	my girl told me she downloaded and she rated it a little above 5 starsWaiting on the new project	fear
	Away from my desk for 25 minutes and there are now 17 critical Adobe updates to install 	surprise
	Ughhhhhhhhhh d vdd no veo la ora q sea enerothis kid is a friggin drag 	anger
	Christmas shopping with the hubby in NYC~ Hoping to have all the kids together for the holidays this year!  	surprise
	Got to go to sleep or not :( night not in a good me    	anger
	I'm in the most painful situation in definition of: damned if I do and damned if I don't   what is 	fear
	Last few concepts for my research paper!!! So excited to finish !!!!!	joy
	Just spent ages doing a really good post on tumbr and it just vanished! -_- 	anger
	You knowproblem is not him not reading newspapersbut being one of his typical voters 	sadness
	Twitter on a BlackBerry is so ugly :l	sadness
	 last forever last til the person gets over it and confronts it or til someone badder comes along	fear
	Family evening for a little  and celebration but first the old time family favorite Gourmette	surprise
	Le mec à côté de moi dans le tgv lis Nietzsche et il essaye d'engager la conversation 	fear
	Do we really hafta wait another year for part 2? Woooow Bullshit  	anger
	dam man I am mad losing my call of duty skills bro! 	sadness
	mine was suppose to go up at weekend but dad was at work so secretly put them up for when he got home Haha 	surprise
	can stern be ousted? This is ridiculous Lockout didn't turn me off as fan but this is beyond Much worse IMO  	anger
	Forgot to get the fresh fruit torte from wuollet's for Thanksgiving 	sadness
	Agree!!  RT ohTiaMia_: How can someone be kissing on more than one person at a one time 	disgust
	Sometimes I wish I did bang with ppl in my town 4 times like this some real true friends but I dont 	sadness
	People don't even know how blessed u can be when you'ra a medical student --  Nothing EVER goes smoothly  	anger
	Estou aprendendo a mexer no MM! e estou fazendo um vídeo lindo com a música Charlie Brown dia 12 ou 13 postarei no 	surprise
	happy birthday baby girl :) can't wait for dindin and don't forget my car after school 	surprise
	Zo m'n auto is weer (even) schoon nu m'n huisje opruimen afmaken en dan richting !	surprise
	Ive come to the conclusion I'm a failure at life 	sadness
	Another day in Hawaii and today was a good day we have a surprise birthday party for my friend  	surprise
	Oh nee! Móet nog afmaken Maar ben op de bank geploft! Wat num 	surprise
	catching up on true blood whilst not studying	joy
	All I wanted was a Monday morning makeover and my salon is closed 	sadness
	Love dressing up for a photo and having a huge white board covering your outift  	anger
	That feeling when you know your slackin hard body on a shorty 	disgust
	no yu ask her both ring nd waist size to throw her off then 	surprise
	Fucking Egg mentions Blow TF outta me 	joy
	Hear no evil no evil	fear
	she's a Toydarian! Mind tricks don't work on she 	sadness
	Oh dear! The downtown  Quizno's has an Out of Business sign on its door 	sadness
	Who said anything about Oxford? Who did you think that extra place setting is for? 	surprise
	I'm loving my life the good and the bad 	joy
	Note to self: do not put chick fil a biscuit in wrapper in the microwave Yes it caught fire Yes I had to put it out with my hands 	fear
	Can't wait to watch basketball game 	joy
	OMG King Kong est dans la place !   	fear
	I have consumed what I usually consume in a year in an hour Too much lamb 	fear
	first tweet at happy belated birthday my love!! 	surprise
	That moment when you realized you left your bus pass on the LTC AGAIN  help a  kid out?	anger
	Biggest gig to date soon as well Preparation for that begins next week  	joy
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Crazy STUPID love  	sadness
	1am in the morning Time to study!  	joy
	Glad the water bottle I brought to my final and swigged was filled with alcoholof the century	surprise
	My bus has broken down on lambton quay 	joy
	I feel like a baby face without my nappy beard 	sadness
	6 months after talks what's better than a prospect coming back with a budget before end of the year?	surprise
	 he the had the cheek to look and smirk I swear when I catch the guy who chilled chivalry I will actually kill them! 	anger
	I miss you is G coming home for Xmas?   ?!?	sadness
	There is a lot of pumpkin pie cans in the kitchen but no pie yet? What is the deal? slatesstu	anger
	words cant even describe how i feel right nowww!  	anger
	- My  in building up to the point we're im finna start hitting niggas !	anger
	Cummins/Cutting to lead the attack for next 10 years - Ambrose/Walsh 	fear
	 is just that - a black mark on society Greed no regard for others and support of a sick  movement 	sadness
	trying a tuna fish sandwich	fear
	I'm allergic to corn stop trying to offer me popcorn Also it's 8 am 	disgust
	There's just something about dancing with yellow spandex on that makes a person smile 	surprise
	 RT Ma_Buzaboon: is the feeling that makes ur mouth work faster than ur mind •￼Evan Esar	anger
	And now I'm just rollin' home into my lover's arms  	surprise
	Its Friday! Gonna be an awesome day with !  	surprise
	 is an emotion thats overrated  is an emotion thats out of control bt i like fear fear keeps you sharp 	fear
	Gonna be a long day Starting it off taking my mom to the doctor 	joy
	Jeff's gonna be on Whose Line tonight and I'M GOING TO MISS IT!!! AGH! :( 	sadness
	finally have no homework but i get i end up with a huge test thing tomorrow 	joy
	Wow it's been 12 years since the last regular Jethro Tull studio album 	sadness
	Ach en hij had nog wel zo zijn best gedaan! 	surprise
	This song better send or I'm acc goin to smash this phone fghjklhgf 	anger
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” // so good practical 	fear
	Do things out if not an imagined obligation	joy
	to eliminate confusion I used to live in Ann arbor 	surprise
	They don't get Fox here anymore so no Packers/ Lions tomorrow 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Sausage in the stuffing this year?! 	surprise
	I need to get over my (irrational) of interviewing people over the telephone Just think  	fear
	waiting for santa to come round on his sleigh brings me 	joy
	Its so cold in my room tonight 	sadness
	Coming to the point in life where simple choices don't exist anymore 	joy
	You're so kind and you're one of my favorites Thanks for your friendship ✖❁✖❁☀~☀♥☀*•♡*¸¸*   Light  to you☀♥☀ zbleumoon	joy
	People who like Twilight more over Harry Potter  	sadness
	genuinely thought I was going to die :'( 	fear
	now that man is a proper genius 	fear
	I love waking up and realizing we don't have 's whip! 	surprise
	listening to paradise by such amazing memories to this tune last weekends anthem!!  	sadness
	yea thats all I heard i was excited and I know u guys were too haha	sadness
	Ordered a book from the big A online at 1030pm Monday Opted for free delivery 3 to 5 days Just been delivered - 9am Wednesday! 	surprise
	Sat next to a TriGuy on the plane this afternoon We talked of our love affairs with our bikes   	joy
	Sumtimes d fear of being jobless after school gives me the creeps!     of an undergraduate	fear
	Another day at the hell hole  	joy
	just cant wait for this book talk tomorrow  haven't even finished the book yet  	joy
	Final en Do DragaoEl Porto se queda fuera de la Champions League después del triplete del año pasado Pasan Zenit y APOEL 	surprise
	I will be back in atlanta in 3 weeks RT HeatherHebb: drove by your old place today! 	sadness
	Every single item at panda has gluten  	anger
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	SHROOOMMMSRT hastetheSTALE: is the best girlfriend ever she's taking me on a trip today	surprise
	you end things with me because you say you're not ready for a relationship 3 weeks later you're dating someone?  	anger
	Curry for dinner tonight 	joy
	The greatest barrier of success is the fear of failure  	fear
	and ima keep the honest im so tired of being settle 	fear
	My cell phone has low battery I don't know where my charger is 	sadness
	I just realized that Harry Browne the 1st person I voted for in a Presidential race died back in '06 	sadness
	Amazon lied about two day shipping My phone isn't coming until Wednesday! 	sadness
	okee even snel plaatjes van victorius vinden en dan omkleden 	surprise
	Bout to get this test over with then finish my paper 	joy
	Ron Paul is one candidate that hasn't flipped or floppedeverIf he does well in IANH may be in play as well 	surprise
	Priscilla Queen of the Desert! I missed that one I'm just swooning over the fact that Newsies is back on Broadway 	joy
	So I told my teachers I would be& school on Thursday Turns out my appointment has now been moved to a different date 	surprise
	Every One has The Right to Hear The Good News of The Gospel Of The Kingdom !  v    v     	fear
	Finally done with xsams!!!Party time!	joy
	Murielle Scherre en La fille d'O on stage 	joy
	Pizza man suspending presadenticail& surprise  he fuckin sexual assultar	surprise
	MAKE NO MISTAKE:  makes absolutely shitty products that are designed to fucking fail after less than two years of use!  	disgust
	I can't wait to see the look on all of my family's faces when I walk in the door 	surprise
	SUCK IT mathlab I'm forever done with you You didn't teach me anything btw 	joy
	The awkward moment you get ditched on your anniversary night out 	anger
	make that 6 fire alarms in one night fuck you derwent 	anger
	I love when my face wash makes my face break out in red splotches 	joy
	I miss   Like this tour needs to hurry :( 	sadness
	COMM FINAL GOT MOVED TO THE 13TH!!!!!!!!!!! FTOWN HERE I COME A WEEK EARLIER  	joy
	great day with my family and friends (:  	surprise
	That was before we left! RT  yall quit texting and drive:) See you soon!	joy
	Prolific offender released from prison this morning was met by officers at the prison gate and arrested for an aggravated Burglary 	surprise
	This BCS show is like the NCAAB Tourney selection show Except after announcing the teams all but 2 are immediately eliminated 	sadness
	“CrystalSimile: Caitlyn has too much shit” you sound like my parents 	surprise
	I cant find my remote and i dont wanna watch this channel :( 	sadness
	Happy twitties: what to do- 2day had tearful breakup with ex- no more contact etc- lots of crying moving on- any ideas? 	sadness
	I realized when I have to wake up from a nap before I want I'm cranky as hell!     lol	anger
	I love you! Your crazy!(:lmao And he is such a effin liar and now he's getting in my nerves! -PS Not Justin3	disgust
	Any eater out there? Make this trend if you agree and care about what you eat!    of food	fear
	just saw your tweet andddd i won't : (   i'll be working on a paper all night 	sadness
	Worst in the world dropping my  in the TOLIET 	fear
	Female animals focus on parental efforts while the male animals focus on mating efforts  	surprise
	Shitt Just realised got another spanish test tomorrow 	joy
	Lolz il a des gens qui on pas de vie 	sadness
	   there is nothing wrong to fall in love with an other human !!!   	joy
	Now for the shittiest exam tomorrow that although is only worth 29 percent is a mandatory pass final Meaning if I fail I'm screwed 	joy
	I always have a nose spot on my cup of coffee's cover :)	disgust
	when u get a chance u should leave that piece out for 10 min then turn the lights out 	surprise
	Any other day it would be fine to record a video of LA streets but since the cops are  the  they it spreading	fear
	i hate not having a phone really do think its my neighbors that took our shit -- 	anger
	Been chilling with the Saudi crewhad no idea they had food cooking in the kitchen	surprise
	I always let em take dat walk without running after them but why when i want em too stay 	fear
	I'm serious - I cry over because I know that I'm probably never gonna meet him and if i do he's gonna forget me :/ 	sadness
	Jesus demands are simple  His yoke is easy his burden light  The relationship brings 	joy
	Ambulophobia-Fear of walkingKathisophobia-Fear of sitting downGymnophobia-Fear of nudityCaligynephobia-Fear of beautiful women! Lol 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Ee w 5letona ana w 3noud mn6gen /3 RT GeeAich: School physics trip with *o* 	joy
	Gym seems to be calling me once again too many people getting on my nerves!  mixed with 	anger
	Christmas presents get worse and worse as you get older bring on this years presentsno clue what I'm getting! 	surprise
	Just looked in the mirror and god I look awful 	surprise
	Hearing my roommate's music makes me want to punch him 	anger
	Found the mosquito in the shower  	surprise
	Geslaagde stockverkoop! En maandag mag ik iets super leuk bekend maken op onze Fb-fanpagina! :-)  	surprise
	Buy a   “RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	We are thankful for great corps members an amazing staff and a wonderful community to serve  	joy
	one little exam at 7 roomies are gone not leaving til tomorrow morning 	sadness
	There's still some people who doesn't believe I was originally born as a girl ! p	surprise
	Shoutsout to my bro u missed last nite me mikey spook da krew had a blast brooke threw mikey sum spectacular shyt! 	surprise
	Time to play tiger woods '12 see if my controller makes it through the night 	anger
	good morning world! 	joy
	The awkward moment people stare at you cause you look funny I'm warm and your freezing your ass off! 	surprise
	Operation 24 hours in colorado 	surprise
	Watch this  press conference on   this guy squirmming when asked about the terms/length of the  contract 	fear
	Nope :( Even Allen and Foord who were warming up right in front of me 	sadness
	So make-up work and studying to retake a Geometry test is the plan for this weekend 	joy
	When people make my girlfriend cry I want to hurt them 	anger
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	Congrats to my wonderful boyfriend for winning his match So glad I could make it 	surprise
	iedereen ligt al in bed ofzo en ik zit hier gewoon wat te verven enzo afmake	surprise
	That moment when you're expecting a text from someone you hear your phone chime but find that it was just an e-mail 	sadness
	Kinds of tears:         Disaster   of God   U?	fear
	Amir had his first comment at Valiant today!!  	surprise
	My mom is doing christmas shopping online but is using my email address for the gifts she's buying me…	surprise
	And the moral of the story is never trust a minivan's reliability on Black Friday Or any day  	sadness
	The  is supposed to the people And you call yourself a public servant We will teach you 	fear
	Kind miss playing EVE Online still It just eats up wayyyy too much time 	sadness
	Me and don't go on fates anymore:'( that's gonna change thoughxD	sadness
	Como una expresión tan simple una sola oración puede llegara dañarte tanto 	sadness
	Facts from econhealth: chocolate helps longevity college grads drink more alc than anyone else and caffeine=most widely used drug 	surprise
	Going to Newcastle today to pick up my dust buster  maybe get Hubsicle his Xmas pressie Lovely stroll around our city with family 	joy
	Went looking for it / because I knew it to be true / regret finding it   	sadness
	About to head out to my godson bday party then off to wrestle tonight so geeked for this day    :-)	joy
	Totally gettin blasted by Holy Spirit He loves me! He enjoys me! He really IS for me! 	joy
	ooooo you sent me ~that version of Apart that's jolly I forgot it's slightly different from the album track 	joy
	alright honestly i was to lazy to wash a bowl so i put ceral inna cup and im currently drinking it haha 	joy
	I won't be able to sleep because I know that due to my new assignment my pay will be wrong too this month 	joy
	Making This Money For My Event !	joy
	and my poor poor jacket? 	sadness
	Wellllll today has been a long day and tonight is even longer   	joy
	I picked up Bagels for the Office this morning I hope no one ate yet	surprise
	Yeah natalie makes me feel dirty inside But yeah I'll get over it 	sadness
	kid peed his pants at work 	joy
	Baked goat cheese! :D 	surprise
	Best thing of the day 2: MY SISTER IS COMING! MY SISTER IS COMING!!!    	joy
	Mum put hot bottle in my bed  	surprise
	more shit telly full of vacuous fame hungry wannabees haha xx	joy
	as we were driving in the 4th I looked at my best friend on the couch and said he's gonna throw a pick watch 	sadness
	Le loup est obligatoire demain soir!! J'ai la BO de -Antoinette et les images d' dans la tête  ?	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” Onwards  upwards!	fear
	Wed 21st Too late for my next trip 	sadness
	Now Albert can eliminate the American league 	sadness
	If you plan on knocking me down you are going to have to pick all 500000 plus readers of my poetry back up FOLLOW Thx	joy
	 might just be my all-time favorite game show! What an awesome concept!  LOVE!!!	joy
	i wont be home for the hales v D game	sadness
	I think I actually might go to this That's one thing I don't hate about her 	surprise
	nope punch punch 	anger
	Class canceled time to do more work 	joy
	zometeen druk een en  maken en dan vanavond  vieren wat een ! haha	surprise
	God's love the source of 	joy
	going on a hike was a wonderfully peachy  idea until we see a brown snake slithering around my boot   	fear
	A quanto pare il xmas mood di quest'anno e`velato di negativita`!!! 	sadness
	I wanna pre-order Rapture but I dont have any money :'(     	sadness
	i think i sweated out most of my sickness today	joy
	Anticipation!!!! & Of Anarchy in a few hours!! Can't believe there's only 2 episodes left tho!! 	sadness
	Film preview screening today Handel's Messiah tomorrow MC Christmas Concert Sunday Three day winter vacation Monday  	joy
	I cant learn for latin :/ RT DemiForeverx3: Have to learn for history But I can't concentrate on it because I think I'm bipolar 	fear
	I really hope that your not naked when you come in your room I decided to come up from the basement 	surprise
	There is to be found at  today Come receive some!	joy
	Tuesday woken up to Oscar and Cornet practice X	joy
	If it weren't for the mistakes and drops the  might rise to the level of an average team   	sadness
	Dexter having no personal motivation to hunt down and kill the villain makes for a really boring season 	surprise
	Ever get the feeling you're not good enough? I do every day 	sadness
	Sometimes I wish I had 300000 dollars to buy a flying car to visit all my friends and family whenever I want 	sadness
	Let the (real) Christmas season begin! I'm watching my very favorite Christmas movie Olive the Other Reindeer 	joy
	i rebooked my ticket to home and will arrive 2 days earlier  :)	surprise
	Hubby said don't tell the kids he be home today and watch them play tennishmm 	surprise
	Decemeber 17th!!!!!!! COME ON good night cant wait 	surprise
	Chilling with my cousins in Harlem! Going to Queens later for a thanksgiving feast! I'm in such a great mood right! 	joy
	I CAN BE YOUR BIRTHDAY PRESENT WHEN I FINALLY GET HOME!!!!!!!! hahaha 	surprise
	Fuck! Only a girl's anger on your silly questions can make you sweat in temperature near 12°C! or  	fear
	 Newsnight it is making me SICK hearing these rioters justifying their actions 	disgust
	My bunny ears of my cell phone cover are falling off 	sadness
	Ahh god damn it watched youtube videos with data on i thought i had wireless on major fail there goes my data for the month 	sadness
	Christmas pictures today 	joy
	Just heard some wild news! Can't wait til everybody hears it 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	And suddenly Kwom recalls owning a Legend of Zelda CYOA book  Whatever did happen to that  	sadness
	Wally Amos is black 	surprise
	Every time my grandmother comes and visits I always end up cleaning more than I usually do 	joy
	Apparently my english teacher his frnds watch kids movie sing along once a week to remind them of there childhood  	sadness
	“CareLessMe_18: I sleep to try and ignore the   and botyled up inside me”awwwwwwwww me to but it haunts my dreams	anger
	Can't wait to see tonight! Little does she know that I'm sleeping in her bed 	surprise
	 It Will Rain Bruno Mars  	sadness
	There's Something Cool About Taking Pictures On A Disposable Camera And Not Knowing How They Will Come Out! 	surprise
	my day is made by the small thoughts and surprises of others  	fear
	Leaving for the beach 13 hour drive 	joy
	wooWOOF Hear bells that are ringing Howlidays are so near Itz a wondrful time of th year Wishes for   good  2uurs	joy
	Then I just realized I'll be missing my 2 favorite cousins this Christmas Last year we were all together 	sadness
	when you say you're from guilderland all the local college kids think you're a spoiled rich fag  	sadness
	Thinking about going back to school literally depresses me Why did I take such awful classes my senior year? 	sadness
	am I not allowed to follow you back 	sadness
	Monday's not even over and already my weekend is jam packed!! 	joy
	Arg have to wait till february for more Walking Dead 	sadness
	Goodnight tweeties ill be seeing most of your beautiful faces tomorrow   bright  early 	joy
	yes! Lol! It's coming together nicely! Can't wait! 	fear
	making a birthday cake for my mommmy 3 	surprise
	Oreo!! tasteless!!  I found Jacob's Cream Crackers in a discount store a while backLOL	joy
	German Grammar Relative Pronouns 	anger
	So it is now Sunday and my brother leaves to live in the UK at 5pm this afternoon 	sadness
	My Only In Life Is A Wedding Ring	fear
	vnaaf nog t gedicht opschrijve en morge dat gat make 	surprise
	PUJOLS IS AN EVIL GREEDY JERK HOW COULD HE LEAVE US AFTER ALL WE'VE DONE FOR HIM!?11? I HOPE HE DIES IN A FIRE!  	anger
	i come home  christmas lights are on 	joy
	EXACTLY!!!! and they look at me weird cuz I don't got the next wiz album or lil Wayne albumits yo 	sadness
	thanks meg!  I have PLENTY of that to go around! I wouldn't want to guard me today lol takin out some serious 	anger
	Working my first Campbell game of the year 	joy
	Lookin up red bottoms thinking if I should buy them for her 	surprise
	oh wow im right now  someone is finally waking up	surprise
	Want to let your parents know that your gay? Tell them at Xmas dinner 	surprise
	In my own lanehappy pleasing My God 	joy
	man nesanak man vienkārši nesanāk :( man čist nesanāk vienmēr visi visu par nopietnu uztver jeb neparizi pasniedzu x4	sadness
	NO i haven't gotten it yet Glad you liked my tweet though hahaha! 	sadness
	I experience a sick listening to the nontrad student mess with the fogey professor 	joy
	man James please kill yourself before i do as you can see they're afraid to give kobe CP3 	fear
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	multiple guys in my building have let me out of the elevator first when they were obviously closer  	surprise
	Spinaach dip and sparklers HAPPY BIRTHDAY nabrotzkyy	surprise
	Gr8 day on couch 2day Shrink said my deeply rooted love 4 white Burgundy=neg impact on my (lack of) Jura life Breakthrough!  	fear
	Hi thanks for the Coconut Giftset in the comp It arrived a few minutes ago  I'm giving it to my bestie next week :-)	joy
	Apparently my mother didn't know I was coming home next week ruined lol she cursed me out and sure she did my bro and dad too!!	surprise
	fanuary Don b so disgusting Laura my god No female Wil get sponsorship from me for such a cause!! 	disgust
	I was looking forward to my pasta dinner today  	sadness
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear - not absence of fear Mark Twain   	fear
	That moment you know is coming but you thought it would never happen and then it sneaks up and actually happens & 	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	That moment when you find someone else's food in yours at HuHot 	surprise
	had the same headache for three days straight 	joy
	Break! Where ever you have tension see a bubble around it Pop the bubble  the tension releases 	joy
	Baking and marking tests :)  can't wait for tonight! 	surprise
	Still sick!!! basically slept in the bathroom! And I didn't even drink	sadness
	so to top my mood off my phone has fucked up and twitter dont work on it 	joy
	Only one more play with my girl and the rest of my crew   \m/	sadness
	Woman walks into shop complains about the cold and then LEAVES THE DOOR WIDE OPEN 	anger
	its cute watching her tryna guess stuff see the wheels spinning but r they spinning in mud? lol i love you babe 	surprise
	 is short   is rare  is bad   is awful   are sweet 	anger
	What a great day of connection! plus some vm love to 	joy
	Turned on the radio to find Christmas music playing 	surprise
	Boxing my way of making a better man out of myself       	fear
	Damn i thought we were friendsbut i really don't you like bitch Haha 	surprise
	I lost 4kg due to illness 	sadness
	Who knew hanging Christmas lights outside could be so time consuming and exhausting? I'm not even finished yet 	sadness
	It was lots of fun at with and DJ_En3rgy Weren't too many obnoxious douches last night	fear
	Missing my love command the stage 	sadness
	Two hour nap then time for class 	joy
	Larry fucks with me everytime RT ToeNailUrFace: In about 48 hours some of us lucky ones will be frisked by security 	fear
	Woa I turn on the TV and FC  leads 1:0 against   	surprise
	the heating vent sounds make me so amped!!  	joy
	I love you But I love Craig too What a dilemma 	sadness
	Finals tomorrow ugh 	joy
	teacher strike on wednesday yet my maths teacher insists on coming in 	joy
	Farewell goodbye so- long 	fear
	You should have the of not living up to one's repentance and breaking one's promise	fear
	The sadness I feel upon realising that I've bought a chocolate based ice cream and not a vanilla one 	sadness
	thank god my mom bought me a snowman kit too !!!!!	surprise
	Wel eens geprobeerd een punt te maken op een levensgroot potlood??  	surprise
	Hoe kan je gemakkelijk een gitaar namaken van karton? 	surprise
	Sitting on my own while my friends to 'the nature show' 	joy
	no footballers on the sports personality of the year top 10 	surprise
	so mad at for not making my cd :( 	sadness
	I'm thinking of wrapping myself up in Xmas paper and mailing myself to Florida this year 	surprise
	The moment when u get thru ur whole timeline  hit refresh  ur like dang aint no more to read! RT if ya know the feeling lol :)	sadness
	The most unexpected and inexpensive  things are so meaningful to me Just got sunflowers   and of course  	surprise
	I have a fear that when I order diet coke  they will give me real coke a cola 	fear
	I hate knowing we are splitting apart\3 	sadness
	it is I laugh everyday at some people They me	disgust
	Few hours to go and my bbmax subscription will expire will go back on dec 3see y'all folkspeace out!	sadness
	i want to destroy something to the point the cops would have to arrest me i'll probably burn down a house 	anger
	I'm about to eat Taco Bell for the first time in over 10 years 	fear
	Girls who: stripped for Tyga take part in nashvilles wet tshirt contest are up on the site isanyoneuppure trash 	disgust
	 on  well the best part of the evening for me i guess! 	joy
	Haha I've heard it all before Can't wait for this to turn around and slap you in the face 	surprise
	Gallows humor helps me MT nursefriendly: Dont know many who can take a cancer diagnosis lightly too much  	fear
	Its like somebody is trying to make me cry tonight! So much  	sadness
	ewww! just sharted!! lord help this child get this demon out her please!	disgust
	en ja je raad het al nu ben ik klaar met de nietmachine en heb ik de lijm en de plakband weer nodig! 	surprise
	is ignoring my invitation to  Holiday Dinner  He hates me  	sadness
	The rest of my family leaves to go to florida today and I'm stuck in the snow writing exams 	sadness
	my throat is on fire guess i'll be going to the doctor tomorrow in other news tonight was a successful night(: praise God !	joy
	Secret Santa time with the co-workers 	surprise
	De technische basis voor 1/3 staat Nog even knutselen en dan testen 	surprise
	Silver lining today though I am working was a yummy dinner followed by ice-cream at Lakeview 	joy
	You know its bad when you know to dude you leave in a heart beat for a stripper only if she gave him a chance 	sadness
	God I hate hospitals! Scare the shit out of me Doesn't help that the old lady beside Rachael appears to be getting the last rights 	fear
	all I care bout is money  fuck you bitches y'all ain't notting ! 	joy
	En daar rolt alweer een i-Pad van de band 	surprise
	 bro mentoring theres not super cool spot to be had! Buttttttttttt I did make some brownies and a !!!!	surprise
	My suite mates shits smell worse then does 	disgust
	being snuggled up in bed after a long soak in the cranberry soak bubble bath when it's all windy and cold outside 	joy
	Klaar met surprise! :)  ff gs afmk en zo nog ff naar om chocolade te halen voor vanavond :) 	surprise
	Christmas Music makes December full of  and 	joy
	is a thirst not easily quenched	anger
	&  Add those three things up and you have a symptom called  u wanna learn [:	fear
	Bout to start makin sweet potato pies -__- 	joy
	effin' school blocks every 10 seconds I get a request for an administrator's password  GRRRRRRR!!!	anger
	No matter what the final outcome we should have peace of mind we tried our best  	sadness
	Too freshcame home to a new flat screen TV 	surprise
	And know I pop bottles because I bottle my emotions At least I put it all in the open 	fear
	 hoe maak je een enge spook? $ 	surprise
	Meluk oppa lee dink RT kalau seorang didepanmu apa yg kalian lakukan? Dijawab yahhh :)	surprise
	asked a work colleague to buy me a £1 surprise from the shop I meant sweets I was presented with Fish food! 	surprise
	:S eiisos soniidos en la habiitación ia no son  normaLes! :S 	fear
	In other news due to forgetting a belt and a long coat that impedes hitching these jeans are one walk wiggle from hitting the deck 	fear
	Love being at work on my rare weekend off! 	joy
	Community all day long ☹	joy
	is a giant sitting on your chest who won't get off until you stop being a wuss  	fear
	Dada a la gran cantidad de barba que me crece nunca podria estar en una banda como Minus The Bear 	sadness
	did the horse shampoo work?? i'm sad to say my hair has not grown but i continue to use it in a desperate attempt 	sadness
	Studying quiz/class nada class shower reading and homework 	sadness
	I very rarely am in desperate need of someone to talk to Tonight is one of those nights Everyone is sleeping I'm at a loss 	sadness
	dessy008: RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Do you know a book or 2 either or on anxiety fear  depression? Thank you  God bless!   	fear
	I sure do! True smiles make my days  	joy
	Angie just killed a spider with a plunger	fear
	well my hour break is over back to non stop art history studying sketching and other art related shit 	joy
	bortzmeyer: Au contraire vu que la redevance s'applique au contenu obtenu légalement faut l'augmenter 	fear
	This time next week I'll be in New York City  the weekend before Christmas!  	surprise
	WANT ENGLISH BULLDOG PUPPY   	sadness
	feel like im gonna chunder my guts upbut i really want to go on a bikeride!!! 	sadness
	Voice update: no voice has developed into an ugly man whisper 	joy
	Cohort flashmob wobble dance to surprise our teacher for our last classwe will see how this goes!  	surprise
	Ok tonight is good no amazing -  I can't stop now cos i'm dancing    ! 	joy
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	Some people have no class or self respect it's a shame 	disgust
	School formal? Friends are going and I don't want to be a loner tonight 	surprise
	I've started watching  I now think being a moral con artist could be a viable backup career Secret is: people are greedy 	surprise
	Oohh Yeees ☺☺ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Farewell party for one of my buddy in a while :-D for his 1yr break in his coll life ! He'd ve least expected it ! :-D 	surprise
	Those broads that posted the video of them kicking down a pregnant lady downtown toronto They me  	disgust
	service users with mental disabilities can be tedious for days call yself a support wkr with that ur a mere 	anger
	is momentary madness -Horace	anger
	volleyball banquet tonight 	joy
	big move Antwan randle el is our converted qb of the new franchise 	surprise
	You can't lead people who don't have love for you It only seems like they following because of 	fear
	nevermind forget it and im so mad i forgot the moves earlier! 	anger
	its bad when you forget how to play guitar 	sadness
	Staford_9 U gotta get aggressive  out of them lame as plays stretch the offensive then go down the field Put in them	fear
	I LOVE watching my son play with his friends on the playground at school  	joy
	ma solo io non ho il nuovo twitter?? :( 	sadness
	was an AMAZING show Thnx and everyone else 4 a great show!	fear
	Finally made it to East Dulwich Bit of a trek but cold lager and pizza to come party	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	would'nt feel so good if it was'nt for PAIN!	joy
	when creepy people don't get the hint to stop texting you 	sadness
	I miss my dog  my best friend  Dezi  even David's bitchness I miss my nerdherd  i won't see them for 5 days 	sadness
	I'm thinking the same everyone else has a lie-in tomorrow whilst we'll be slaving over a 2 hour exam 	joy
	I know ! But wait til you see what I did in my boredom this afternoon! Such an awesome 3	surprise
	Finished his puzzle moments before he walked in the door 	surprise
	== lol WoWOMG “Iam_TPC: Fuck Grambling i bet y'all girls pussys stank”	anger
	needs laid real bad like reeaaal bad n its like 35 tweets now he's my buddy and he is 	sadness
	A phone call tonight would be great 	surprise
	ok free people skirt hide and seeks over 	anger
	I am scared that although I turn my phone to silent it will still go off in class :s 	fear
	No deal from Super Committee 	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Boiling a kettle with not enough water   	anger
	Sitting in Starbucks with my Mac and managed to log onto an unsecured Wifi network! Result! 	joy
	FM jaa volgens mij alleen nog maar headhunterz en gaat Zkr lekkah! (Y)	fear
	 UM NO! 5 NO and 6 Ikr :) JuniorBUDDY! shit all these rumors are irritating 	joy
	so  get everything and those who choose not to be pay the price for NOT being assholes 	anger
	Shaking that fucking bell isn't gonna make me give you money its gonna make me punch you in the face 	anger
	Penn state ice hockey game  	surprise
	Part 1 Black Friday shopping accomplishedPart 2 starting at 4	joy
	fuck me they not going to kill me off are they? yes I think we are screwed honey cant bring self 2get in touch with them 	fear
	its not rape surprise and yelled that shit mf  hahha	surprise
	Surprise opoo :D RT Wheldhut: Dapet bonus tuh RT wonqbe: Pulsa 20 ribu aja pun heboh x kw ( ˘͡ -˘͡)	surprise
	Ho dan ben je bezig geweest met papier-maché en kan je niks meer doen omdat het eerst moet drogen :(  	surprise
	Tomorrow is going to be a really long day 	joy
	El soundtrack de mi vida: Sangre Azul - No puedo estat sin ti 	sadness
	you are i shall prove it to you send me your mobile number 	surprise
	Alone in a white van eating a mars bar 	sadness
	Quite a few typos today Better stick my hands in the refrigerator to warm them up  	joy
	I just feel sick today 	surprise
	Faith is the voice of God Fear is the voice of satan We can't listen to two voices To do so makes us double-minded  	fear
	I've been left endless love letters from an anonymous Brendan Kelly on Tumblr and now I have an anonymous Chris McCaughan 	joy
	Going to cut down the christmas tree with Alex today 	joy
	goodmornin waking up before the weekend and thinking damn i got an 8:30 class 	surprise
	3 days in Bed  z current situation could only bring    I hope i wont commit a Suicide	sadness
	Mon 1111ème tweet pour ♥ 	surprise
	Omg how could I not know that Star Movies is showing Eclipse ! Shall watch that now and get the results off my mind 	fear
	exactly! Crack a smile to cover up the cracks on our lonely hearts 	sadness
	I wish I had the courage to make a change 	fear
	I wish i could get the lyrics to by tattoo'd on my body But that'd be one big ass tattoo	fear
	After watching the new 'The Thing' I can't get the original's music out of my head Lubbly! (new film ok not as good as original) 	surprise
	I gained reign over the demon that sought refuge in the domain of my thoughts by invoking its name 	anger
	The gift I orderd for my parents is supposed to come today so excited :):) 	surprise
	School busses make me want to kill myself 	joy
	We need 2 promote  in Work   in wht we do so that we ncourage ppl 2 innovate  contrbute 2 the Job  	joy
	Just finished prep for mums 50th I'm SO ! May pass out into the tirimassu	surprise
	I won't insult your intelligence by suggesting that you really believe what you just said& 	anger
	School = Sickness Pre-shifting weeks = Epidemic Shifting week = Pandemic 	sadness
	I miss Ben Reyer a lot I saw him last weekend I  	sadness
	I cracked three of my teeth under the gum line 	joy
	saw a fat one body suit right down to the draws smh 	sadness
	mom is about to walk in the door any minute 	surprise
	got a package in the mail:) I'm in class  just got a delivery conformation on on my iPod delivered to front desk 	joy
	Come back next month to fill in the last two -My Dentist 	joy
	Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Finally at home ending a hard week Now it's time for a hard weekend 	sadness
	 when someone is punching the printer in the computer lab because of a paper jam 	anger
	TWITTER DOESN'T WORK  ON MY PC SO CAN OLNY USE IT A LITTLE Please dontunfollow! 	sadness
	Do not be quickly provoked in your spirit for anger resides in the lap of fools -  	anger
	Demain je me tape encore histoire avec mon prof pervers 	fear
	 can now extend service until 9pm for free how?? Guess you'll have to ask )  	surprise
	2 essays quiz and an assignment all due dec 2nd do I even have time to study for my actual exams 	joy
	Just got suprised by prize money from the woodbridge fair! A heaping sum of $14 	joy
	Studying for my History of Music final 	joy
	Great day love when my car gets hit 	anger
	new fave thing to watch: a Mets win Will be as sporadic as a Reyes triple He may have more triples than we have wins 	sadness
	aww max gaat in de kast liggen en als ik er dan langs loop valt ie me aan 	surprise
	Naubusan kami ng slot sa 5k ng MILO MARATHON :| 	sadness
	Ja nu thuis van werken moe en morgen leren een uur pas school 	joy
	Maybe I do need a  (said I would never get one) I'm always walking around w/a blanket wrapped around me Hmm  	surprise
	I'd venture to say I'm about halfway through my massive paper 	joy
	oui mais le proctologue porte à confusion chez un certain public  :p	fear
	is so nice to dream about someone that you'll wanna meetbut is just a dream | 	sadness
	i have moneybut not alot so i'll prob make an awesome one for you too( ohhhh what are you doing tonight?	sadness
	you make me want to dye my hair dark But I'm going even blonder tomorrow :) 	surprise
	my laptop is a cheap piece of shit hole why don't you work properly for once you dumb junky fuck head 	anger
	Hello world Give me a shout it's a brand new day starting here 	joy
	Can't wait til is home 	surprise
	i'm seeing da in an  way its nt like i don't wanna see da things like it was but i got no drama you make me so fucking happy	anger
	Of course folks get to *vote* for Ugg At least they did in Toronto City certainly has a caveman in charge 	joy
	Seems that the sky will fall with so much rain lightning never seen so many in one night only oO 	fear
	Oh bugger 2 weeks of iron tablets have made diddly squat difference  	joy
	I put headphones in my ear so people won't talk to me 	surprise
	I would ROFL right now by my chair has arms so I can't fall off it 	sadness
	thought I should make up for lost time because I can't tweet from this loner phone haha 	sadness
	always do the things you're afraid to doovercome 	fear
	never lead u u only lead it else survival is difficult	fear
	and if my tears hold value then i would drop one for every single thing he showed us 	fear
	I'm really pissed I'll go brush my teeth to cool off  	anger
	Remember when we talked about marriage Talk about forever and always? 	sadness
	I love when my mother buys me a birthday card when I'm with her 	surprise
	Updated  status as I miss my brother next minute got to know from my Mom he is on his way home   	surprise
	You carried the cross and took my shame i believe it& shine your light and amazing grace i recieve it 	joy
	tomorrow is the last day of classesthen a month long break for the holidays =) 	joy
	Starting physical therapy tomorrow  	joy
	Ahhh that's amazing!!!!!  I don't know any guys who can sing well one but he's not the greatest person :(	sadness
	Rien est sûr mais apparemment un énorme cadeau m'attend pour Noël et donc pour l'anniversaire! 	surprise
	I did that in seventh and a frog too In high school I get to do a cat! 	joy
	HATE PEOPLE THAT ARE STUPID! 	anger
	Woke up to a nice - onedirection's  automatically downloaded and ready to play on my phone :) Yaaay!	surprise
	The moment your favorite song comes on but it's not the version you like but you  anyways!!! 	sadness
	Just made it north of the Mason-Dixon line 	sadness
	sitting in my room with the flashing disco ceiling light 	joy
	There are 4 different types of anger – Lightning Tornado Flood and Volcano     	anger
	yo gurl ur feet smell like da worst thing I've ever shoved up my nose on a friday night that's pretty awful ?	disgust
	Mawningjoy cms in d mawnin wen u survivd d niteon ma mind	joy
	edu aaa Go church small! Aaaaaarggh Unodey God kraaa  Hahaha	fear
	Making cookies when my parents aren't home 	surprise
	a thin line and sometimes no damn line at all! gang initiation = hazing in the eyes of many! 	sadness
	Don't feel good 	surprise
	DVR was completely erased when I got home?? Don't know who should get put furry! All our shows and my twilight movies I recorded!! 	anger
	If only my brain came with an on/off switch At this point I'll be up all night 	joy
	When people sing the wrong words to a song 	anger
	Wow  is high and he just ate some chicken off of N Hubbards lounge floor 	disgust
	Soo True!RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	not too bad palnot gettin sick anyway :) 	surprise
	Lookin for a good bookclub on GoodreadsI may have to start my own  Completely varied  Never know what we'll b reading next 	surprise
	Work work work work 	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Winter Semester is going to be intense :D 	joy
	Not mad at all More Furious then mad! Get back here and say Bye Now! 	sadness
	 u just show up without me knowing u r coming! 	surprise
	so funny how we all claim to play for the same team while others have secret agenda's and only halla when they need u 	disgust
	Les petits Yakaz ne savent pas à quelle sauce ils vont être cuisinés ce soir   Ca va être très drôle 	surprise
	The fear is an unavoidable workplace hazard 	fear
	Considering heading into town to brave the Christmas shopping 	fear
	J'ai foutu le bordel dans la cuisine 	surprise
	eagles converting on 4th and 20 against green bay in the playoffs a couple years ago  	sadness
	U hardFear Shuld Nt Be D Word iAm_Briqqz	surprise
	although the people were nice i wish we didn't have to have a hug line at the visitation  = 	sadness
	Yay now time to voulenteer all fucking night 	joy
	leave a milk cup on my window sill ONE MORE TIME!  This time instead of cottage cheese we got jello 	disgust
	i cry every night cuz u dont follow back :(	sadness
	Jk I forgot I have to present my project for msgroths bitch ass 	joy
	wait until my parents go to sleep until I can watch it I'm not starting it until now But it's already done 	anger
	B4 u were in my life I was afraid of loneliness  with u in my life I am scared of you leaving To be  u must first accept 	fear
	Watching NetFlix the other day You were in Cairo Teller was in the hotel room He has a voice!!! 	surprise
	Treino ontem muito proveitoso só base e outro estilo de dança que to aplicando dentro do free step ^^  	surprise
	Really looking forward to the Christmas play at on Saturday and worship at on Sunday! 	joy
	Adding things to my wishlist on Amazon things I cannot afford 	sadness
	Fact 70: My pillow pet never talks to me anymore David_Swyers	sadness
	LADIES: If I don't feel like ur level of is appropriate for whatever I did to  it I ignore u I won't try 2 make u feel better	anger
	bahahahaha so many things i could say RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Last night in Manila - flying back home tomorrow 	sadness
	last nightmare: a man who kidnapped my son and than shot a bullet in my head 	fear
	Bye Alec! I'll miss you so much Have fun in Belize 	sadness
	“ok i still cant find my car max building up”	anger
	Those people that absolutely refuse to fail to annoy me each and every day :) 	joy
	krave is a disgusting cereal the advert lies there is not chocolate in the middle 	anger
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Its hard to dress skater in the winter 	sadness
	FredericBrussat: To live in is a life half-lived  Spanish Proverb	fear
	There's enough  in the world don't bring it to twitter	anger
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	I'm ok with work I'm licensed in cosmetology! Lol aka hairstylist/makeup artist haha! Bet you didn't know that! 	surprise
	At my brothers friends house doing nothing This is what happens when I come back home 	sadness
	I hate it when clothes go out of stock! D: 	sadness
	Stupid stupid stupid 	anger
	i will be the last fucking person on this campus thanks to my copy editing/layout class that ends at 710 	joy
	Just to follow the crowdI have had a crush on you since sophomore year LA HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!	surprise
	Cant believe i wasted my time on this game shoulda been asleep 	sadness
	eh kayaknya bisa battle asyik asyik coba dulu yaa *jadi dong yuukk :))	surprise
	Excellent game so far against first place penguins Henrik lundvquist throwing punches 	surprise
	Nice cup of tea! Never really been into tea but when its the quickest thing to make when your bored then its just   :)	joy
	after he beat up his ex and screamed horrible things to his daughter I knew he'd mess up again- just glad no one was hurt 	anger
	wooWOOF Hear bells that R ringing Christmas time is so near Itz a wondrful time of th year Wishes for   good  2uurs	joy
	I rejoiced when I heard them say 'lets us go to God's house' 	joy
	At the eye doctor my eyes got worse 	joy
	Let me know if you're going to BGT audition on thursday I'll bring 3isawa to London XD 	surprise
	I heard the song Bedrock for the first time in like two years or something Little did I know I know every word 	surprise
	the one thing i am not picky about is food 	surprise
	Don't you love when  don't give you a grade or tell you where you stand till the end of the semester 	surprise
	Last bowling club meeting of the semester ? I think so	sadness
	Disgust and  are two of the great  that lead to change ~ Jim Rohn   	disgust
	Denk je dat je klaar bent ? Moet je nog een gedicht maken  -_-	surprise
	To live in is a life half-lived  Spanish Proverb	fear
	rude im never too busy for you! maybe I did get you a gift?? 	surprise
	I hate days like today 	sadness
	Have you ever started watching a moviethinking its the funny version of an actual scary movieto find out it's the actual movie	surprise
	Those last days proved to me that I have a good level of  skill	anger
	My seven year old has an advent calendar with jokes behind each door it brings me when he tells me the joke each day!	joy
	Hot5's competing at the Petersen Event Center tomorrow!! Come out and support them!!  this	fear
	yeah but I have a strange feeling it's sarcasm cause I tweeted a few days ago I wanted to be one hahaha 	sadness
	 now's about time we should all gather 'round the spinet for some jolly caroling!  	joy
	I miss my ice man! And that was a great 	surprise
	 Gon Pay CapCity a Visit Later this Week *A Moment of Silence for All these Dead Rappers* 	fear
	that's cuz is a Kiss Ass Bitch and will do whatever tells him 2 do includin homo shit! 	surprise
	The local library web site is down Now I can't see if the book I put a hold on is in yet :-( 	sadness
	 Herstige 'gestampte' pot met superieure wijn en gesprek Wordt een vroeg  en  zonder  	surprise
	Well that's good to hear! Sucks to have one less BBM contact in my list though 	sadness
	watching this game makes me get as angry as I did when I was watching us play Boston  	anger
	My workstation is DOA LinkedIn asked Miss your old boss? and I smashed my computer screen I really should work on that 	anger
	i wanna make sure everyone knows that is the one trying to post his  on is anyone up Josh  needs to get laid bad 	sadness
	Isabel told me what I'm getting for Christmas 	surprise
	I'm probably the only girl who doesn't own a pillow pet :( 	sadness
	& know! Am well jelly haven't been drinking in too too long :( Can't wait for  Exams are shit 	sadness
	so rocking' FLOW3!! Yeah! :) Have fun! Btw: A friend of mine praised you a few months ago in Zurich at a workshop :)	surprise
	sounds like fun! ^^ btw can't wait to hear you sing more and more :) AMAZING VOICE 3  	sadness
	I'm not stuffed I don't eat most of this junk 	sadness
	I reckon Fatima has battered all the camp-mates whilst shouting Ray Winstone style 'Who's the fucking daddy now?!' 	fear
	I tweeted him the video just a minutes ago but he didn't mention me :( 	sadness
	Watch Season's 1-3 (and 4 online) of  this week?! Don't mind of I do! :) 	joy
	Home Sweet Home! 	surprise
	so i guess ur ditching me on the hole idea to go to terre haute? 	surprise
	*PRIE POUR QUE LE BUS ARRIVE PLUS VITE À COMMERCE *	fear
	New Day was by FAR the most emotional song performed at  Jay and 'Ye looked like they could Cry tears of 	joy
	zit er een in onze klas die naam klinkt meer als een porno site dan een naam van een persoon die ouders waren vast dronken	joy
	I Remember When I Didn't Know Exactly Wht An Orgasm Was But I Was Having Sex Tho 	sadness
	I think I might I dont realise I am flirting sometimes as it is the case in real life! Because when I try I suck grandly	sadness
	I have seem  caught myself humming  A B C  - Michael Jackson numerous times today What a Jolly mood I must be in :D  	joy
	when the only person i hit up on twitter is my best friends boyfriend 	sadness
	all i wanted for my birthday was to see your beautiful face 	sadness
	18+ deo ad! One of the worst in the history of ad making!  *gags*  	disgust
	Hey Lovely can u give us all a clue? Xx	surprise
	The of t/LORD is the beginning of Wisdom   of t/  is Understanding ~Proverbs 9:10	fear
	I think we're going to have a happy girl tomorrow :))) 	surprise
	DO WE HAVE FRENCH HOMEWORK? ANSWER MY TEXTS 	anger
	In life there is either  or -I pick  ~David Murphy	fear
	Ce soir l'ordi de la Deauville a remis tous les compteur à zéro (sauf km total) comme si j'avais débranché la batterie cc fabvil	fear
	Gianlt monkeyfree drinksbachatasalsahip hopfist pumpinand no cabsif you see this call me it will be a long walk home 	sadness
	Hate people asking what I want for my birthday and christmas I have no clue! 	surprise
	Why is it so easy to like someone  so difficult to tell em about it? 	fear
	I should have pictures from up later this week Seats weren't as good as last 2 events but still got a few good shots	fear
	I really regret not buying that machete at that walmart in texas IT WAS SO CHEAP TOO 	sadness
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	GradingIf I give a take home quiz over break I am obviously gonna collect it and grade it! 	sadness
	I'm goin call it a night Up early tomorrow to continue studying :)	joy
	I left my  at my cousin's yesterday:( wahhhhh 	sadness
	J'ai peur d’aller sur wikipedia  il y a chuck Norrris qui me regarde et me demande de l'argent  	fear
	Made my decision nap time til 2:45  	joy
	Why am I not doing what I know I'm more than capable of doing?  time to switch that up!	fear
	is a natural reaction to moving closer to the  Pema Chödrön 	fear
	Jim's Steakout til 5 am 3  I need to come up with my fake boyfriend's name to keep the creeps away LOLZ	anger
	nothing RT A_Michelle8: okay den don't be scared lol	fear
	You about that tonight? RT PeterJ91: I would spill my leftover chipotleatleast my dogs got to enjoy it 	anger
	My sister just rolled up in a brand new Infiniti lol 	surprise
	car ride home 	joy
	I Will Use You Till You Are Worth Nothing If You ME If You  Me I Will Do Anything In My Power Not To Lose That	fear
	Bag strap broke today watch broke yesterday lucky my laptop  camera was ok after bag fell :(	sadness
	I don't need to manage my  I need everyone else to manage not to     )	anger
	Horrible headache empty stomachhe when you feel like you have hit rock bottum but you havent yet 	sadness
	He's on Nancy Grace while the city is looking for his daughter 	disgust
	This is gonna be a bad head day!!! 	fear
	I want and I don't want to grow up I don't know what waits for me in the future Can be good and bad 	fear
	Ok guy on plane next to meI get it You have a nasty cold But will you PLEASE cover your mouth?!! 	disgust
	What a tragedy in Kolkata - when will we take human life seriously in India   	disgust
	I need more sleep and is being a meanie today! 	sadness
	Virginia Tech is making me hurt on the inside 	sadness
	who will also increase our wage bill? No sense bringing in anyone What message does that say to our yound talents? 	fear
	Break! Imagine…Peace reigns All are fed All have shelter All are healthy All are abundant How does THAT feel? 	joy
	And my runway neva looked so clearbut the hottest bitch in heels right hereNo 	fear
	RTRT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	google 'what defines an English person' interesting result     	surprise
	didn't expect to see running round Victoria Park but there you go! 	surprise
	fucking doctors fucking kidneys fucking 9am lecture ahhh 	anger
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	OH MY GOOD GOD WISDOM TEETH YOU DIE NOW& 	anger
	im PHONELESS my phone is at the sprint storesleeping there away from me lls	sadness
	I feel like if I let ppl close to me ill end up hurt and betrayed 	fear
	Let the most stressful ~40 days of the year commence!      	joy
	It's midnight! CHRISTMAS MUSIC IS A GO!  	joy
	Resting After getting fustrated at fight night champion so i Locked It off quick b4 losin it 	anger
	Be  Swami Vivekananda is the greatest  against attack on our  by  by trending it	fear
	only 3 more days until graduation! reports awards school certficate all in one day 	joy
	going loner to target panache and hob lob	sadness
	After what  news has brought out in the news there is NO way our family will ever fly Sad but true  it sucks actually 	fear
	nak tengok breaking dawn part 1 :( 	sadness
	Waarom kunnen een printer en ik nooit samen door een deur? Minder leuk avondje dan gepland maar wel klaar voor morgen 	surprise
	Leaving the beach breaks my heart 	sadness
	I can hear my dog farting in sync with her snoring Good thing I'm sick and stuffy 	disgust
	Excited to see how my hair turns out because I have no idea what Amy is doing to it Lol 	surprise
	The only thing worse than a skinny chick who think she's fat is a skinny chick who think she's thick!!! Smh 	sadness
	 with the night has more in store baby :) 	surprise
	is a death sentence If you hold in anger you're holding in oxygen  	anger
	gezellig paps en mams gaan een uitwerken Denk goed aan de kinders  niet aan Zwarte Piet(en) uitdelen 	surprise
	BUT I will be back in Cali for  on the 23rd! Aaaand there *might* be a drop-in visit to AR somewhere in there )	surprise
	Tomorrow is mondayurghbeep test tomorrow	joy
	Thx darlin'  I am not ready yet Much tonight He was only 12 yrs old! Taken by drunk driver :(	sadness
	 when no footballer wanted to risk contesting for a ball in the air with Bensela of Head	fear
	Dear men here's a useful piece of advice : Avoid woman Anger !! :)      	anger
	Anger items for the day: Xmas decorations before thanksgiving no horseradish at a deli flight delays no scotch and a middle seat 	anger
	Last anger myth for the time being and it’s a big one: is better out than in 	anger
	I don't think I could be less excited for my birthday 	sadness
	Open my purse and its smells like nothing but weed 	surprise
	today is a wonderful day 	joy
	I physically feel great today 	surprise
	Home tonight hate this family right now	joy
	The way to develop self-confidence is to do the thing you fear William Jennings Bryan 	fear
	Can't wait to surprise my brother with his first gig tickets to at Brixton!! 	surprise
	WHAT THE music exam was just the HARDEST one this year ARE U EFFING KIDDING ME WE HAD TO COMPOSE A SONG LIKE WTF  	surprise
	After today Half the world be lifted off my shoulder The other half will be Bio 1010 on Monday 	joy
	225HB: D-Line gettin dat ass smashed too These niggaz still not gone beat LSU Not a dought in my mind 	fear
	Death is not the biggest fear we have our biggest is taking the risk to be  and express what we really are ~ Don Miguel Ruiz 	fear
	holy fucking shit my dad from afghanistan just showed up at my front door 	surprise
	Even crackers and Mac n chees isn't making this better :/ 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Downloaded  update on my iPhone but still can't access the new site on the web… 	sadness
	Whooaa Whoa Wee Whoaa Using my iphone as a flashlight  a Palm Plant jumped outta nowhere I didn't see that coming 	surprise
	i love the first snowfall and notre dame in the winter 	joy
	  sweets needs to shut it on this one to booth  Angela is rightbren is the only one that can help him  	anger
	Off to school for the english theatre trip 	joy
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Jsenbewns test in like every class tomorrow 	joy
	Just left the hospital from visiting my dad 	sadness
	Found a bottle of vodka I hid from myself a few weeks ago!! 	surprise
	ja hoe is het met je? en heel veel beterschap lief ik wil je maandag wel bij sinterklaasfeest hebben he?!  	surprise
	Great way to start the day not 	anger
	not the end of the world isn't until next week 	fear
	Listening to HipHop (Mos Def Fugees Common J Dillah) in the former communist part of Berlin That's one thing I did NOT expect 	surprise
	Practicing golf for the first time this month and loving it  	joy
	Days don't get much better than days like today  	joy
	i just realized this is my last weekend in boston for this semester and i'm spending all of it in the library :'( 	sadness
	for my Mommy dearest:):)  excited i hope she likes it:):)	surprise
	I bet they'll never see it coming like a blind bitch you fuckin from behind  	surprise
	Just saw a commercial for some KFC chicken strips that come with 2 dips ~ some sauce  some fritos in a cup o_O 	disgust
	5000 is voor  omdat de lazy song echt super word/is met hun	joy
	Bae gone have a tough dayGod be with this family who has to bury their 1 year old baby girl :'( God will take good care of her♡	sadness
	If we wait til we feel equipped to share what God has done in our lives we may never step out  bring others into the hope we have 	fear
	Wen i get dis money im goin ta Cleveland	surprise
	 are overprotected in France 5 years of prison for 40 sex assaults underage  	disgust
	black friday shopping at target was  sleep for about an hour then off to northlake for more black friday shopping 	joy
	On the road again Headed back to the 816 And then practice 	joy
	ew i thought you dont wear one RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Boston tomorrow for Monster Jam! Add more artists and 	surprise
	Not goin to lie am pretty pissed off today and will be tomorrow and most likely Friday as well 	joy
	The first place I drive to the studio 	surprise
	 people who won't  when watching  ITS THE OFFICE people! Come on	anger
	And so ends another marvelous day in paradise Everyday progressively better than the last 	disgust
	Freakin play station turning off PSN I had nothing to do for SO long 	anger
	Oppassen op en  omdat een zieke collega vervangt bij en moeder met de zus naar de  is	joy
	am going to miss the freehugs spree tm!!    sniff!	sadness
	Find someone who knows you're not  but treat you as if you are  someone whose biggest is losing you	fear
	I'm afraid of being alone for too long I'll read too much news and drown in my own tears  	fear
	~~~~ If she worth some den she definitely worth some 	anger
	I'm so tired Got work again tomorrow so another early morning 	joy
	If our cat has to chase a mouse why start at 3am? And was the end of my shoe really the only sanctuary the mouse could find? 	surprise
	I love cleaning my room and finding a $100 in my jacket pocket 	surprise
	my niece just screamed on the phone when I told her I'd see her tomorrow cuz she didn't think I was coming home until December 	surprise
	I would be crushing some online poker today  	sadness
	Finally boarding the plane See you all at twelve 	joy
	helping my mom set up both new tv's all day 	joy
	Classic Right when the test is about to start someone pulls the fire alarm  jannakannard	surprise
	Truth be told I miss youand truth be told I'm lying!  What happened to AAR? :( 	sadness
	 false evidence that appears real	fear
	sigh just kidding on the previous tweet 1 down 3 to go 	sadness
	far too long to expect us fans to wait - a whole year?       	sadness
	Don't you love the feeling you get when you realize you lost a follower on twitter! 	sadness
	My dog has an ear infection taking to the vet now:( 	sadness
	 The emperor wears no clothes   No evidence of leadership from bench two games in a row  Throw Vandy game in to 	disgust
	Finally Mockingjay has arrived! Bad timing must do finals work 	sadness
	oke ik ben al op de helft van wat ik vandaag moest doen nu maar door werken 	surprise
	In less than 10 hours I will be waking up for school 	joy
	Is the AIDS quilt project still touring? Helped out years ago in WPB  	sadness
	my two hardest finals are going to be on the same day back to back 	joy
	& one tortoise watch while two other tortoises got it on is the closest I ever got to a threesome 	sadness
	Have you looked in the sky? The moon is beautiful Take a minute  go see There's always time to enjoy the wonder that is the heavens 	joy
	Was just informed that the Magic aren't printing out the fancy ticket booklets this year for season ticket holders 	sadness
	I love it  when I have a big smile on my face for no reason 	joy
	Seems ridiculous People rarely search via domain and  the amount of domain combinations/word variations is astronomical 	fear
	Unintentionally attending a doctor who convention 	surprise
	The way to defeat darkness is to bring light to it     	joy
	Why has the Littlewoods advert decided to dispel the importance of Father Christmas? It's all about the magic not rapping children 	anger
	Break! How would it feel to KNOW you are fantastic at what you love to do? Feel that confidence  joy 	joy
	Waow ! Flippant le dossier Personnes sans nom dans Picasa  Un trombi géant avec tout les gens présents sur tes photos 	fear
	Still no power! About to commit a crime so an LAPD chopper high beam will light the sidewalk   	fear
	I can finally watch Glee tomorrow omg 	joy
	I haven't listened to I Remember Me in full in a minute 	surprise
	wow-did they really feel he had that much gas left in the tank? 	surprise
	Off to the pub to meet friends (again-after last night) plus putting the tree up this arvo :-D 	joy
	miss geng-2 clan  bila la aku bole join korang ? :/	fear
	New bit of kit just turned up at work should I open it now or wait til I get home? 	surprise
	Bet you didn't expect me to be there honey !!!	surprise
	the feeling of when you've finished all you homework :D 	joy
	d nada anaberta!  T lo mereces :) pero nos dañaste un poco la jajaja xD	surprise
	Schoolcheck Now I have to go get me finger cut open 	joy
	Ever since gettin into a heated argument with my ARA I walk by her office and give her the dirtiest look 	disgust
	Just finished watching Food INC Why hasn't there been more uproar over the way Monsanto controls the seeds?   	disgust
	people just don't know when they've crossed a line Two people have died in those shootings How is that funny? 	disgust
	Niggas with big dicksusually dont brag about they big dicks 	surprise
	I can't :/ I have a respiratory infection and have to get the rest of my research together for my debate tomorrow night 	sadness
	I gotta start paying attention! I missed my 1400th tweet! 	sadness
	Why your creations are only for very thin people?? I'm in deep here :(	sadness
	The King will reply ‘Truly I tell you whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine you did for me 	joy
	Egyptians' Safety Fears Mount After Revolution 38% Feel unsafe only 3% victims of crime bitly/tAn1j3   via AssemMemon	fear
	hahahahaha I didn't know Asian girls could lift stuff that big 	surprise
	im bout to go meet his ass so I can do just that!! Lol He just dont know 	surprise
	Movie tonight wit N dinner guess where 	surprise
	Not allowed to critically joke about movies anymore kirundle	sadness
	Why don't we have more inspring people like John Keating? 	sadness
	maken sintkadootjes  spreekbeurt over  voorbereiden en vanavond hachee op het menu ! Nu eerst happy hour	surprise
	ABOUT TO SEE COLDPLAY AND BEN HOWARD ACOUSTIC BEST OF MY LIFE	surprise
	alot of ppl r sad that their brother is going to college  leaving them well im sad i cant sell my brother on e-bay shit 	sadness
	I am just about to go off Thank God I have batting practice tomorrow 	anger
	I got one too! And ok then RT ShortttStack143: I gotta iPhone sucka( lol and lost all my numbers so u text me!	sadness
	Ain't been irritated or aggravated today dats a big ass 	surprise
	I wish there were actually good things on tv this lateHow Come I never see episodes of HOUSE on anymore :( dr house is a  :)	sadness
	I wish i have dos Bank PHB feelings again Dis 1 is too dull wit no swaggs 	anger
	wow god has a sense of humor 	surprise
	: Until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore you will not know the terror of being forever lost at sea	fear
	I should probably get to bed at a decent time tonight since I'm starting my big girl job tomorrow 	joy
	I AM YELLING BECAUSE IT IS IN FACT 'S 21ST-FINALLY-BIRTHDAY [even though he's been bar-legal since 3 months]  	surprise
	This is going to kill thebillyfinnega! RT Funny Girl no longer coming back to broadway 	sadness
	I'm bout too go back too my shit  	joy
	We receive from the Devil through we receive from God through 	fear
	Just finished the campaign on MW3 and I'm not to happy it over 	sadness
	La paura di rimanere solo non è mai stata tanto forte 	fear
	I love teaching on Wednesdays It makes me laugh and provides an interesting challenge 	joy
	I enjoy our text messaging You make me feel funny  hehe  	joy
	I wish I was as weird as I used to be I had more friends back then Hahaha 	sadness
	you just made my day(: I love you(: 	surprise
	*imagine* at night you are in a motel bathroom taking a shower suddenly you see a snake on the door then blackout what do u do? 	fear
	 I get to be your little girl Daddy God!  I get 2 focus on u  that putting u 1st  focusing on u is a not a burden!	joy
	oh Happy birthdayi know that feeling Do something special for her A would be great	surprise
	It's official! This Jan I will be heading to Ecuador with for some first-class development work!   	joy
	Basketball game yayyy:) freshmans not doing well do work today girl	surprise
	Who knew downtown upland could be so much fun 	surprise
	When someone asks me to take over a case I don't go back and double check the work I trust they did it right Trust people! 	surprise
	otherwise nate and cam end up wearing my clothes 	disgust
	Le regard de Jimmy Wales fondateur de  me fait tellement flipper  J'ose même pas aller voir la page de Danièle  	fear
	twitter should be  person of the year end 	sadness
	The best thing about winter is that I rarely ever see any bugs! :) 	fear
	Moving away from Greensboro is going to definitely be different but a change that I openly embrace Where?! Not telling its a 	surprise
	sweet lord is a god  	joy
	Today happened the worse thing ever: I saw you with another girl It hurts so bad    	sadness
	Starting my 2hr Journey from Smart Village to Nasr City   	joy
	Python friend is explaining to me how he wrote his own CMS I cannot seem to convince him to dump his crappy host and learn Django 	sadness
	Don't believe the lightslook me in my eyes…please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Felt like wearing my scarf this morning but then I remembered I forgot it in 's fridge in Toronto 	sadness
	Lmao Cute RT ThaMagicTouch: The thingy is kinda cute tho RT Thee_Tyson: RT AliHMirza:  = Forget Everything and Rap	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	awe yeah!!  we lost today! 	sadness
	 A man is about as big as the things that make him angry	anger
	Just woke up Not time for school Can't fall back asleep 	anger
	Had je deze uitslag verwacht gister? Wij waren thuis in shock! Wij dachten Sharon door Bart sing-off en naar huis  	surprise
	I  myself by trying to clear the motivation of from my intentions  trust that  is guiding me for his undefined 	fear
	 is in het land en de  komt er weer aan! Geen idee wat je als moet maken? Geen stress hier komen allerlei 	surprise
	im already knowin imma miss my hair appointment this week :-((( 	sadness
	Philophobia of emotional attachment Fear of being in or falling in love	fear
	big time I saw a lot of heart to hearts 	fear
	Got 5 hours of sleep and about to teach yoga and then go play 2 soccer games an hour away 	joy
	Smf promised sheed oovoo me two days ago  then ignored my calls last night 	sadness
	not gonna lie i fucking most of the people i go to school with 	surprise
	holly moley I can't remember the last time!! 	sadness
	Make your friend It has something to teach you	fear
	haha malinaw na unprofessional the cabinet secs that talked to Cobonpue etal hindi ko na alam bakit nagugulat pa 'ko 	surprise
	Just received a brand new  but it seems to hate my SIM card   support tells me they don't know whats wrong :( 	sadness
	I might not be able to watch James Bond tonight 	sadness
	its prolly gonna happen in the morning too  ugh whatever idc anymore :/ 	sadness
	My friend came over to my house for a sleepover and she forgot her copy of  Deathly Hallows Part 2 Really?? D: 	sadness
	Lo ga takut ketinggian yang lo takutin adalah jatoh dari ketinggian itu 	fear
	Time for bed Bed full of   stuff fuuuuuuuu	surprise
	printed pictures today!! Can't wait to work on the book! 	surprise
	YOU'VE PROBABLY HAD DICK FROM 99% OF THE BURTON POPULATION MORE STD'S THAN FRANKIE COCOZZA AND YOU'RE FUGLY are your parents proud? 	anger
	Well I just finished watching hair tutorials I want to try them out but I think I would need a LOT of practice 	sadness
	the awkward moment when your going to red robin with your family and you are a vegetarian 	joy
	 has raised €3bn from its citizens to finance its debt This is no longer piddling amounts nearly €300 per person 	surprise
	Lol apparently I have been waking matthew up n yelling at him in my sleep all week  	anger
	I wanna go to the Golf Wang Shop so bad 	sadness
	It's the love of my life and my best friend 's birthday and I'm 2786 I'm away 	sadness
	Damnwell I guess it rained pretty hard last night too while being windy as hell	surprise
	Thank you for on redeye LAX-IAD  Airlines Seat covered in  Just put a blanket over it couldn't bother to replace?	surprise
	Ok bubble bath time nite tweeps 3  n -*	joy
	wat du i fink about success? It sucks its much stressi guess i blew up quicksuccessJAY Z	fear
	My roommates hate me They took away my nap I am always kind and this is what happens This is detrimental to my day  	anger
	After 2o'clock tweets like shitting in pot Nobody care what crap u slipping 	joy
	Why must you go to sleep early? I wait all day to talk to you 	sadness
	Looks like the AGM presentation this year will be DIRE Uppercase titles with tacky images 	joy
	Might have said this before but one of my worst life experiences was mistaking fruit cake for a brownie with MM's in it  	surprise
	K_Slaugh_xoxo: : Until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore you will not know the terror of being forever lost at sea	fear
	Why is it that when my roommate is here the dorm room smells REALLY weird? D: 	disgust
	Great dinner with KyraLcrowcan't believe in only 11 days she is leaving me for another country 	sadness
	I'm doing my usual bit of stalking Road works just woke me up and its quite sunny in bodmin whatsapp me please babe	surprise
	about to shave my mug and my dome 	sadness
	& in jest  I dare say if we ever did meet time and space would probably collapse around us 	fear
	Hey now RT PecannSundae: He bout 50  his gf my age !!!!!!!!	disgust
	Damn I've bought a lot from them before but suddenly Amazon Japan no longer ship to Norway Also not paying 3x the amount on Ebay 	anger
	I'm so excited for tomorrow morning 	surprise
	And the bears lose So awkwardly too Like an ending to the Sopranos or something 	sadness
	HATE waiting for people!!!!!! Again I wish I could drive 	anger
	So my acquaintance just announced hes gunna take a shit tomorrow lol	disgust
	Looking through old Facebook photos I noticed circa late spring 2009 aka graduation that my eyes were bugged out  	fear
	Heeft iemand die dicht bij mij woont een schoenendoos voor mij? Zo een waar laarzen in hebn gezete	surprise
	Im going to go give a visit to a friend of mine tomorrow 	surprise
	constant growthno reason to that or say  to that	fear
	considering how slowly this paper is getting written- I am going to need some elf juice Then I will become Dark Billy 	fear
	Although we speak in different languages we are all pretty familiar with what is  and 	anger
	Tja ik had gerekend op een heerlijk ontspannen avondje en dan opeens zo'n telefoontje! :(	surprise
	Been home for 3 days and this is the first time ive seen my parents  	surprise
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Report from return check on stray cat: NOT a stray  She lives w/ 2 other cats in a REALLY nice house So we can all relax 	joy
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	It's kind of depressing when I keep losing followers 	sadness
	Holy fuck this knee pain is excruciating since this nerve block wore off 	sadness
	This pen is not coming off my hands Looks like I have cuts everywhere and I've an interview tomorrow 	joy
	Me hungry and mi too lazy fi go downstairs fi food! 	sadness
	Boo for medication! Longing 4 a glass of wine 	sadness
	hi sexc i miss you we didnt play this weekend 	sadness
	The most frustrating thing in the world for me in the morning is breaking the yolk when flipping my egg -_- 	anger
	Someone will make his return on WWE RAW Wait And See its a 	surprise
	(2) No wait! I was TOTALLY kidding! I don't want to go for a drive or eat  	surprise
	The only bad part about this day is that I broke a string 	sadness
	we cant comemy mom didn't make it home and we didn't have a ride 	sadness
	I gag in mouth mouth a little when I see you 	disgust
	750am I ask someone a question and they tell me they don't start work till 8am 	anger
	aggressive political tweets stirring the pot in my twitter feed ? 	anger
	So blessed by those I've surrounded myself with and their loving support as graduation is near!  	joy
	I defy anyone to resist swaying to the jazz flute solo in Carpenter's This Masquerade 	joy
	My light bein a cuss word again! 	surprise
	One of my biggest pet peeves is when clothes constantly fall of their hangers 	anger
	So I was at work and I was emptying the trash in the women's bathroom Why did I find a tube of Vagisil on the floor??? 	disgust
	Funniest thing everletting my mom help me make chocolate cookies while she's drunk Aahaha 	joy
	 guess i should clean my room	sadness
	 is short live it  is rare grab it is bad dump it  is awful face it  are sweet cherish them	anger
	these next two days of work is going to suck Going in at 8 and then 645 in the morning 	joy
	I do not like these days of overwhelming dread 	fear
	House work on a friday nite 	joy
	Fox dehumanizes the  movement much like a military dehumanizes the people of countries it invades  	fear
	Taking my sister out for her birthday!   (:	surprise
	Back to the class I hate the most because I'm so lazy in it  AP Spanish 	joy
	What??? Ain't no mo wine???? Jesus Pass the water please We thirsty 	joy
	Oh Its friday and I study for an math exam 	joy
	I fucking hate it when girls wear fake tan and look like complete cunts  	anger
	haha okeeje weet yoch wel al die toetsen doe ik erop moest maken die zitten er allemaal op 	surprise
	Why even bother looking presentable today? I have one 50 minute class 	joy
	Working on a message on  Fearing failure subjectively drives us into the arms of security where we usually die but never really live	fear
	Back to the old slide phone 	joy
	suffering from a of failure? what is the worst case scenario? If it is not that bad why are you still afraid?Hmmm I think I am goin…	fear
	 Fortunately twitter and FB exist It's the best useful to get news from people who may have lost your phone number 	sadness
	Watching 20/20's exposé on how children in foster care are being inundated with psychotropic drugs Damn not the babies  	anger
	Who could hurt a baby?! Just heard a little 7 year old was found in a dumpster 	sadness
	Break! What is the most fun you've ever had? Recall that moment in full detail Allow yourself to be there now 	joy
	Off to Derby and Cambridge today - reckon I'll be in the car for about 8 hours!  	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	chocolate muffin tasting like plain bread and lacking sugar … 	sadness
	oh my heart!! I'm crazy jealous the most gorgeous sight you've ever seen? 	joy
	 smh ! but you juss fell of the face of the earth ! one day i juss never heard from you again 	sadness
	First year working Black Friday!! 	joy
	Milwaukee Bucks Doin things this year the deer	fear
	TY 4 tweets Gr8 reminder that we're all same in or out we all grow want peace  love acceptance feel alone  	fear
	remember: if you serve pork today and you see one of your friends/family avoid it they're probably muslim terrorists report them! 	fear
	I'm cooking Thanksgiving Dinner this year  : ) 	joy
	Dear Santa New xbox controller please Just smashed mine due to being fuckin shit on  	anger
	I'm at a spring lake party an you are not here 	sadness
	Me and my mom having a real deep conservation 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I look like I've been attacked by a drunk deer today 	joy
	Midnight Unstarted essay plan due tomorrow for the teacher that doesn't like me 	joy
	Amen! “DavidRoads: Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it -Bill Cosby” 	fear
	I got lied to! No Victoria secret fashion show tonight? 	sadness
	Goin to bed  School tomorrow :'(( 	sadness
	I wish my name rhymed with something so I could have a tight twitter handle 	sadness
	era meglio quella dove c'ero io 	sadness
	Oh partyyy I get to wake up at 6:30 tomorrow morning!! 	joy
	Security guard botched hard 	fear
	Last night kinda made me miss high school 	sadness
	Haha turtle head in my pants! 	surprise
	I found the most hurtful judgement to be with a look not  words 	disgust
	Who the hell found our Facebook page using Bing and can I bar them from the premises for using Bing? 	disgust
	Asians driving around in vans in the Target parking lot 	fear
	Christmas DJ for Salado Junior High Christmas float 	joy
	I'm all about finding a fierce wedding dress Plus you're sample (model) size 	joy
	Looking forward to decorating the tree with Abby when I get home  	joy
	26 subscribers from 1300 on youtube o_O too bad i don't upload anymore :( 	sadness
	It's a great feeling when you wakeup and don't have a cluster to study for 	joy
	Klockan 15:30 kan man se mig farsan och på eurosport Vi är den blåa pricken i den gula väggen 	joy
	My phone is inactive so I dont get 's tweets unless I check twitter :/ 	sadness
	could it be their obsession with terrorism  of attacks Jus asking	fear
	For a moment today the proud owner of an above ground pool called a flooded laundry room Thank you washing machine 	surprise
	That and to press my follow button so I can bring you   every twitter experience	joy
	End of factor commercial says you're welcome America No one asked for that show back	fear
	the songs i listen to i wish  would listen to them and feel the same way i feel and the 	joy
	 is a warning: if you continue to give an idea Attention you will soon experience it-Cheryl Janecky  	fear
	No matter how many marathon  episodes you see view there is always a new one episode you've missed 	surprise
	they don t even bother to pretend bla men fed7ohoom fed7o ryooshom  making place for 	sadness
	Can't remember the last time I was this ill still full day today 	joy
	 RT: katjabecker: Joe Nathan left the Twins for the Texas Rangers  	sadness
	Interesting fact: BoinxTV works much better when you use it with 420p material instead of 1080 pixel video 	surprise
	Good Monday morning Let's start our day with and 	joy
	Chercher ses filles a l'ecole pour les emmener au mac do 	surprise
	Iemand nog leuke tips voor  cadeau item? Maximaal 20 euro	surprise
	better not be suspended tomorrow  b/c i gotta give him a Gift :) 	surprise
	December 1st - Lets kick up Holiday Season  	joy
	I love to fart in my hand and then put it in my girlfriends face 	surprise
	The answer to the United States financial crisis  marijuana 	surprise
	From the bottom of my heart I hope your hair falls out and dies Sincerely me your worst enemy 	anger
	Oh god the drunken disorderlyness on Sat night was outrageous  the has set in nicely! Hope u had a good one 	fear
	8 years later? wwwnextmoviecom/blog/the-dark-knight-rises-8-year-delay/ its also officially the last one  	sadness
	 Couldnt wait to see them live If missing them in NH7 wasnt painful enuf Suraj 's performing his last gig in delhi 	sadness
	Feels like the inside of my train bogie has turned into CST train station! 	joy
	JENNwhatEVlouis HAPPY BIRTHDAYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Screw the doctor I'm throwing on back for you today!!!!!!!! lol	surprise
	Buying stuff in batman boxers and watching everyone around me stare at my crotch 	joy
	Mari people are speculating that the Sheriff dies next week! I might cry! I don't want it to be him! 	sadness
	Pissed that my episode didn't record!! 	anger
	This is me and michellehoetjes's saturday nightplaying board games 	joy
	*gets on knees  prays for u to be blessed* RT BeyonceGonDie: I've never been awaken with a penis in my mouth	sadness
	Sitting here at the band banquet I'm slowly realizing that I will be giving a speech next year 	sadness
	Parce qu'on m'a dit qu'un 3ème bras me pousserait et qu'aucun ami/parent ne viendrait me voir je repousse mon voyage au Japon 	sadness
	I hate taxes Would've made a solid $80 today but instead made $67  	anger
	also I'm not religious but I hate ignorant people and I've not been stoned yet 	surprise
	Guess I am not gonna hear from my baby tonight :( 	sadness
	 don't ever piss off a young hot mark wahlberg  	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	working all day tomorrow 	joy
	Parents evening tonight 	joy
	not gonna lie i never want to have a broken heart 	fear
	I don't feel so good      	joy
	Right peeps i'm off got my sister's ice skating show to go to 	joy
	My day off I have a dentist appointment 	joy
	I cnt stand spending thanksgiving wit family I dnt even like	sadness
	I am a firm believer in great things happening when you least expect it 	surprise
	Wow a friend actually texted me trying to cheer me up I thought it was just a twitter notification 	surprise
	I feel physically sick after the way that ended   	sadness
	A lot of times we run from what God calls us to do because of  Fear of the unknown  discomfort	fear
	Had a dream about dryer sheets Woke up clenching a dryer sheet Must have left it in my pillowcase  	surprise
	Hoppa rtlXL op de 8ergrond (had van alles gemist) en 3 uurtjes verder is mn zo goed als klaar! Nu nog gedicht Pfff 	surprise
	Chunky had no idea baby  peraginee	surprise
	I am so upset my snowboard is still in IL If I had it I would seriously screw studying for finals and snowboard all weekend 	sadness
	I  up at the end of a      out the  in me& hear your  start  in 	fear
	no christmas cards this year but incredible art concept for next year 	surprise
	I can't think of a single thing I really want for Christmas	sadness
	Turns out the machine can't figure out my problem and now I'm on hold 	surprise
	I'm a pimp under pressure leave my money on the dresser got bitches to  needs laid now 	sadness
	Why did I throw the only thing I was going to eat today away? ! Smh Now everywhere is closed	anger
	Ooo the way I can feel the creeping up my body Ooo I guess I made my bed now I gotta lay in it (N) 	anger
	E agora foi aquela hora que eu escuto a escada de madeira ranger e olho procurando algo checo a porta do sótão abaixo o som e espero 	fear
	walking home in this weather and no belt 	joy
	Bought everyones christmas presentsI bought 5 copys of Under the mistletoe Can't wait to see their faces 	surprise
	Papers and football all day tomorrow 	joy
	can affect your reasoning Even brave men can lose their  for a time if injured or exhausted	fear
	 !!!!!!! I very very very very love my aunt!!!! She's bought that Supras!!! I had feeling! This is just 	surprise
	Dat was een aangename verrassing met een delegatie van Zalk en MBG gespeeld voor de  	surprise
	5 papers to write today 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	In the long run anytime we avoid doing the right thing out of fear we die a little inside - John Ortberg  	fear
	Ben wel trots dat ik ben begonnen met 	surprise
	vet mooie surprise! ha ha leuk! Happy Sinterklaas! 	surprise
	lunch then nap and  getting rid of this building inside of me 	anger
	this girl has the kc computer lab smellin like straight tuna 	disgust
	Opps  I just reread your question  She does know the gender but she hasn't told anyone yet 	surprise
	But be sure to the Lord and serve him faithfully with all your  consider what great things he has done for you	fear
	TAKE MY OUT ON WHOEVER IS AROUND OR N MY FACE SO TF WHAT YU AIN'T GONE BEAT MY ASS	anger
	1 Universe 9 Planets 204 Countries 809 Islands 7 Seas and I can't even meet 5 boys 	anger
	je n'ai pas dis que c'était beau J'imagine dans 10ans 	fear
	y niggas n collegeAND STILL PRESSED smfh RT I remember when I was pressed for pussy I was like 14	anger
	Even if you're bad something i cant knock you if you try 1/2 the time those ppl are the 1s that love it the most Don't kill their 	joy
	yes definitely a ! How in the world did you think of doing this? PS you look pretty hott in your picture ) jk	surprise
	Facebook ne marche plus à 20minutes les geeks de la rédaction paniquent 	fear
	Who knows bout the feeling when ur thinking bout sumfing u wanna eat all day and wen u get home sum1 has fuckinf eat it 	anger
	I had a dream that a lamp was trying to kill me Hence why I lamps	fear
	I never knew Mila Kunis was the voice for Meg on Family Guy 	surprise
	Urgh some proper fat fuck of a bastard bloke just pushed me out of the way getting on the train I hope you arteries get you! 	anger
	is riding to work on his motorcycle : always	sadness
	Get to go to school late tomorrow with a numb mouth:( 	joy
	Watching a person you love go away for a long time kills 	sadness
	they replaced my pet store with a good will store  	sadness
	Designing lots and lots of dresses!! 	joy
	I hate falling asleep with someone and when I wake up their not there 	sadness
	En plus y'a un type complètement bourré devant moi qui ralentit au fur et à mesure que j'avance 	fear
	i used the word ten times in my 3 paragraph paper today 	surprise
	Not being able to distinguish a dream from reality 	sadness
	Où j'apprends l'existence d'un groupe qui s'appelle Pitbulls parce que j'ai reçu une photo de ma fille avec eux ^^ 	fear
	can't believe your sick you better get ready to rage tonight  you leave tomorrow  	sadness
	The only reason I was looking forward to going to VA for thanksgiving was because there was an indoor pool its broken 	surprise
	i have to walk around my school with my mum  sister pretending to be interested in A Level shit for two hours 	joy
	2/2 info I'm a bit shocked the city is considering possibly displaying it though	surprise
	sitting with tommy's granny chattin about rossnowlagh :( feels weird i havent been up all year 	sadness
	Work ruins my holidays I'll miss you Black Out Wednesday 	sadness
	Brother just told me how much he's gonna miss me when I go to college 	sadness
	If I had to rate the air quality in  today I would give it an F with a point value of -100 Yeah it's really bad today 	sadness
	got excited because we had chex mix at homeopened the bag and realized someone ate all the good stuff and just left chex 	sadness
	resting early wasn't as well-received as i hoped to be night everyone xx	sadness
	“MargoDeGange: We often procrastinate when we are not clear or focused so we lose confidence  sets in So get focused!”	fear
	My dad is hopefully buying me an iPhone today for x-mas 	surprise
	What the fuck is wrong with you people?!! 	disgust
	Wowzermy is tryin to get the best of me today  Ppl should do their job or find a replacement  Im tired of ppl being lazy  :E	anger
	Really don't want to turn in all my football stuff tomorrow 	sadness
	Can't wait for church tomorrow Worshipping and Praising and sing all for a man that helped me In my trouble and good times 	joy
	My cat likes my bf way more than she likes me 	sadness
	OH MY GOD I FORGOT ABOUT MOVING DAY I have to go to work soon too Boooooooo 	sadness
	On popular demand (RadicalJoker) Please release the pole dance video 	surprise
	This bitch at the mall today lmao 	disgust
	On my way to Louisville for my grandmas surprise birthday party! 	surprise
	TELL HIM D Indian Constitution does not take begging very kindly he he he 	disgust
	Have to teach a bunch of Year 7's how to play cricket tomorrow 	joy
	I hate calling people 	fear
	Why is my  black shatter SO thick I can't even use it properly? 	anger
	Nice to see an old friend from camp come visit Missing my blue group! 	sadness
	I really forgot how bland cafeteria food can be Green beans that taste like paper = 	disgust
	Phooson5 days awaygonna have one happy daughter!  	surprise
	I miss you more! I'll be home tomorrow! (Today depending on when you read this)!  	sadness
	I need to preach more in order to gain followersIDFrabbi And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands 	fear
	yo props to my mom Im driving with my dad going to get her bmw that's alread fixed 38 hour   	surprise
	I would LOVE to see!! Desperate to seealas no tickets available this weekend:(	sadness
	Listening to Drake  thats my first time hearing that line :/	fear
	went to the window and found snow is falling all around me 	joy
	“mattmosley: This is the shakiest 14-point lead in history of college football” lol 	fear
	 fucking email from Sarah she's so mad at us  	anger
	Who ur favorite nephew Brayden RT Kota_GotHoesMad: bout to take a bath relax listen to sme ♪♩♪♩ and wait on my )	surprise
	I can't see what hicks is doing for the 1st time in ages I'm the little spoon! :D	joy
	Took the detour to Abilene and am now at a complete standstill in a town inhabited by the Texas chainsaw family and their livestock 	joy
	Dije eta mañana que tenia gana de comida china y cuando llego a mi casa la comida e comida china ! 	joy
	Won 76-14 only 11 points but good for playing 3 min A quarter! 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	wow i tweeted that a week ago and youre just now seeing it 	sadness
	MrNoyes guess what you'll be seeing me and at another show but im not gonna tell you which one ) 	surprise
	Beloning voor een dag hard werken: koffie en appeltaart! 	surprise
	LSU fans have no class whatsoever  Its actually laughable Les Miles face showed it all 	fear
	Spending good quality time together brings us 	joy
	ya know I texted u today! And u did not text back :( 	sadness
	At this very moment in history nothing important has happened and nothing ever will 	sadness
	If I Had A Gun I'd Shoot You In The Foot Or Back 	anger
	I'm dying to go to the  show tomorrow night!! Worst part is I'm in the same city and still can't go! :'(	sadness
	I hate when u don't show up 	sadness
	A woman is the only thing I am afraid of that I know will not hurt me Abe Lincoln  	fear
	Fuck snow I hate it 	anger
	Upset that and are not coming to Ohio anytime soon Both bands put on killer shows 	sadness
	Thank you for your Re-tweets Wishing you a great holiday week! Brittenaylynn	joy
	oh gee I feel so much better Nice try though	sadness
	All my contacts using chat are now visible? even though I haven´t invited them to chat? 	surprise
	great start to my dayits raining and I had no umbrella or hoodand I've got a test first period  	joy
	these words are missing in my dictionary and  If you find it in yours lemme know what meaning attached	fear
	hot chocolate baby grow watching elf 	joy
	Why wont my 2nd video upload!!!!!!! :( maybe tomorrow 	sadness
	I find qute hilarious becuz all i do is laugh at it ha but then again i think thats why i'm alays gettin in trouble -__- oh well (:	anger
	You give meaning  form light  life 2 creation &    	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The concerts I miss for Alpha Phi Omega 	sadness
	you may think I'm a bitch but atleast I have an opinion and a personality 	anger
	I hate it when I go to 's profile and it says  does not follow  	sadness
	Three hour grammar final in half an hour 	fear
	My lil sister got the worst attitude an quickest tempermanagement	anger
	One of the worst feelings in the world: finally admitting you've lost that summery glow Hello pale winter 	sadness
	That was actually a pretty awesome party :) 	surprise
	Some of you need to quit speaking pathetically  start speaking Prophetically into your life speak      	joy
	J crois que k ressemble à un zombie et que j fais flipper tlm dans la 7   	fear
	How do you react when you find out some heartless selfish theives have been watching your family? Just waiting 	anger
	I wish I could sing like a Disney princess Belle Ariel Cinderella - they had PIPES! 	sadness
	only a few more hours and then sleeping the day away 	joy
	Lekker naar huis Dadelijk nog even verder knutselen en dan is de klaar! (en het  is al klaar)	surprise
	I find myself sprinting but it doesnt hurt as much on my hamstring no moreis leaving	fear
	I never really paid any type of attention to Ryan Dunn However I have stumbled upon his tribute special 	sadness
	I am SO terrified of outside when it is dark out I feel like someone is going to come snatch me up! 	fear
	Behind evry beautiful smile thers sme kinda paini feel like strangln sm bitch 	anger
	I didn't grow up as I should you (heigh) the worse: I know is all my fault 	sadness
	True story: I have never seen Ohio State beat Michigan I am like a curse on all sports franchises 	sadness
	i just thought about itnobody in my family knows about the new edition to my face :) 	surprise
	Lieing about your mum being dead is as low as you can get 	disgust
	ils se lache la woooo ils deconnent moi jvais les remettres dans le droit chemin a MA facon 	surprise
	It'd be more convenient if Whitehouse had a Starbucks Then this frap wouldnt be melted by the time I get it to foneseth 	surprise
	Can't wait for Friday!!! It's gonna be awesome :)  	surprise
	a creepy ass awesome game!	fear
	and taking my freedom any time they so choosewhich is essentially what was approved in senate just days ago	disgust
	Eloquently put! I told you to see it! RT  	joy
	I would have work on a great day when I could be on the bike or setting up for Xmas wit mom drinking coquito 	sadness
	Met Sheheryar Khan today Remember a Pak player was accused of rape during 04-5 Aus tour? Guess kon tha! 	surprise
	So my hour of peace with both boys asleep will be spent math planning 	joy
	I Really Dislike Natural AFFness I don't mind ina jokey way or a couple words here  there but PROPER AFF 	disgust
	The MidSeason Finale was the most inhumane human ending EVER!      	fear
	Sad day just got denied indoor  ruined my life for the next like 2 weeks	sadness
	Hahaha just got a shot at the doctors and was the nurse was about to kill me because I was freaking out so much 	fear
	Its funny because I stopped caring weeks ago I just wanted to see how long it would take you to realize what we have is a joke 	surprise
	Not even a full day and i miss every1 	sadness
	The day I do my hair and make up its windy and rainy 	surprise
	TEARS ARE AH FORM OF PROTECTIONIS NOT MY DIRECTION	sadness
	If I don't like someone they know it by my language body language and facial expressions because im bad I hiding 	disgust
	I have spent the afternoon at Santa's Grotto It was an absolute joy to be a tiny part of making Christmas for wee ones Their faces! 	joy
	And my black Friday shift begins  	sadness
	Life is looking up for the first time in awhile I can truly do all things through Christ who strengthens me! 	joy
	Children that don't talk are scary when sick What's this rash now? And was that what the nightlong crying was about?  	fear
	 When I Let My Sister Borrow My Laptop Overnight  When She Drops It Off She Fails To Mention That She Broke It 	surprise
	Broke glasses Tape? This sucks! 	sadness
	Cleaning was a success game time now 	joy
	when everything is going wrong  important decisions cannot be made of ! 	fear
	: 12 Days of Christmas organ instrumental This station plays on a loop in mom's offices This must be where the 'bad passengers' go 	fear
	Country song been stuck in my head for about 6 hours! (: lol	joy
	This is the day the Lord has made I will  and be glad in it I welcome the of living in to each day to carry me through	joy
	I love it when I have enough time off between jobs to actually shampoo my  brushes 	joy
	Its always hard to accept the fact that someone close to u could pass away 	sadness
	there is no such thing as rape if you yell 	surprise
	Het idee is weer beter dan het product Wel creatief maar gedicht moet de technische uitvoering compenseren Kom er altijd mee weg 	surprise
	Anger is an energy And he was right wasn't he? Though it can be complimented with a good sick sense of humour 	anger
	welcome to my life 5 days a week 3 	sadness
	Ce qui est fabuleux ds la fête des prénoms c'est qu'on oublie tout le temps mais il y a tjrs une personne qui nous le rappelle 	surprise
	when i become famous i will make the effort to tweet people back!!! 	anger
	Not changing the date on your watch can seriously put a spanner in the works 	surprise
	This place is nothing but a breeding ground for hate    	fear
	Father God i fear  what MAN wants to do to me i the day you hand  the KEYS to  !! All I ask father is  me	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	ugh babe hugggzzz for u !  babe naamazed nga ako e babe e despite nega's mas pinaramdam at fil ko ang 	joy
	love typing a paper  then later adding the double space 	surprise
	WHAT THE FUCKINGGGGGGGGG FUCKK!! x-factor is racist and stupid And fixed 	anger
	hahahaha ben jij zo lief om je buurjongen even te helpen? 	surprise
	Open house = sit in campus ministry 	joy
	I make half of that band 	sadness
	Twitter is freaking me out right now! Why won't you work ! I have so much to say  :(	sadness
	Wat zijn de kinderen en ouders druk geweest met de surprises! Maar eerst maken we er een tentoonstelling van!  	surprise
	U can discover a person's  easily by observing the means they use 2 frighten u   	fear
	You know I LOVE those but twice they've made me puke so I can't drink them any more 	sadness
	im not gonna lie my family celebrates christmas without christmas trees where's the festivity?!?!? 	sadness
	ugh!  da  skool in da KPS system 1 mo day till break  im out dat thanq! 	joy
	Just found out my next door neighbor lost her battle with brain cancer She died peacefully in her sleep 	sadness
	man ii really having to have control over my only Fool show there emotions or so ii heard ii STiLL dONt likE THAT OLD' BiTCH	anger
	I have this money but idk what to do with so I bought my mom makeup my dad a watch and sis and me I splurge myself a lot now!!!!!!	surprise
	My eyes are weary my heart is brokenhow to mending both? If sleeping could healsi would rather to sleep forever	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Harry Potter marathon! Yippeee! I hate you're working and missing it 	sadness
	Nothing hurts worse than taking away what he loves to do mostPut in quarterbacks on Sunday 	fear
	Will love ever come her way? Can a man find his way into her heart? Afraid Of Love s      	fear
	shud have put kambli in some reality showhe wud got wt he's craving for right now!   ! 	disgust
	J'ai une pour toi donc tshek quand t'es la 3	surprise
	Just let me live senior year all over againplease:(I'll give anything 	sadness
	um dos grupos tinha o grito de guerra de  -Vain ! -ai Stefhano kkk	joy
	Stuck in South Station til 3:30 	joy
	Oh good my friend who was coming to my Christmas party with me now can't come! 	joy
	Does anybody know the feeling of being head over heels in  but at the same time having some kind of of commitment ?	fear
	Looks like I'll be at school for 2 more hours today 	joy
	Omg speed up so it'll hurt more when I jump out tw fuckin car '!!!!! issues	anger
	we do cherub Apparently its like 4 hours long too! 	joy
	Lmfao I love Jazzy :p RT LordBieber: Well decided she needed a haircut and took it upon her self ug 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is pouredMark 	anger
	is the power to enjoy the journey	joy
	So my wonderful fishy died because our other fish killed it!  all the while we thought they were just playing around ):	sadness
	 sleep eat homework oh and cheer? 	surprise
	klaar nu alleen nog  t Is best mooi geworden Nu nog een dagje wachten	surprise
	would it kill you to make me happy for once?!  	surprise
	Selfish Ponsing Self-Caring Lying Slag Of A Cunt You Get More Worse Everyday You Butters  	anger
	This would be the worse day for anyone to get blocked by 	fear
	What happened to originality? Everybody is following the same trend Nobody wants to step out of the box is a !	fear
	I'm such a nice person  I usually never let my friends down  But when I do  I make it up to them   todays that day (: 	surprise
	I knew breaking up was a cycle but I didn't realize it was never ending!    	anger
	The all-of-a-sudden-phone-vibration attack :) 	surprise
	I just hate it!!!!! why does she care if i'm late?!?!? aaaaaaaaaaaaa 	anger
	Presenting my unfinished senior project tomorrow on my first day backneed an outline cover letter and resume 	joy
	China has it right regarding  Don't listen to the   rhetoric  mongering disguising    motives	fear
	 starts with !! Fear leads yu into Failure   never be a afraid of Rejection that fear will make yu Fail!	fear
	3-2 beat the   I lost umbrella no 213 (I always forget to grab my umbrella dammit) 	anger
	finally back from class but no time to snuggle up in bed :( 	sadness
	My mums ranting in some sort of gibberish RT Dads ranting in Punjabi 	joy
	2 hours of biology homework 	joy
	I fear that one day I will wake up and all my nightmares will come true and I will loose everyone so dear to me 	fear
	No decent dancing pictures form Friday 	sadness
	Mmmmm Thanks to JP Morgan for brownies :) shame isn't here to enjoy them  	sadness
	These next few weeks will be filled with putting my nose into a book and having many dates with the library 	joy
	I don't wanna go to school :( goodnight love 3	sadness
	I am convinced that the NICE ones are traps They lure you in with the promise of granite counters then you wake up without a Kidney 	fear
	That awkward moment when you realise you're online you're flirting and you're completely out of your depth 	fear
	Most of the people who call me by my childhood nickname are dead 	sadness
	Monday 430pm PST - Free Webinar on the plan that has let me release 60+lbs in 4 months! Contact me for details   	joy
	Amazing presentation on  students of  on campus   	fear
	Final product of my research paper is dooooooooone Before midnight too 	surprise
	LMAO RT tru2mi_religion: i aint gettin none tho lol i dont even wanna have sex this time i just need sum luvn lol! 	surprise
	negative you can wait til later ) 	surprise
	Every time I close my eyes I see the old us  the old love  the old trust and I think of how u broke it smh 	disgust
	i really want this dress from asos but its from the petite range :'( 	anger
	What would this lady do if I did my future occupation on gogo dancing?! 	surprise
	Playing fifa + drinking white mocha + listening to chill out music = 	joy
	When you notice every nurse and dentist around is wearing yellow goggles 	fear
	toss the 2004 aside get one from 1999 and well turn up some Will Smith  the new Millennium!	fear
	These are not emotions They are simply irrational thoughts feeding off of an emotion 	fear
	*sigh* so if things are not often as they appear or I won't it to be seen I guess theres no hope about 	sadness
	Men have body image issues too We need to be aware of the side effects of injections for muscle growth 	anger
	Ugh no voice and my little  won't stop throwing up of 	joy
	Hard work van XNenababy	surprise
	I would have hope the rankings had been accurate Now its  time :-(	sadness
	I've been crowned the new  for J  new   CD - Management Those boys love their Grand Marnier	anger
	oh i got so fucked up last night but ur 15 tho  where the hell are ur parents  they probably only 25 	disgust
	 is such an amazing show! And the judges this season are encouraging insightful and knowledgeable! :) 	joy
	My rose is not in PLC This is how next semester will feel 	sadness
	That awkward moment when you're getting your car washed and remember you left a bottle of jack in it 	surprise
	Gisteren Sinterklaas gevierd en ik kreeg een iPad met Microsoft Word erop 	surprise
	the only clue is: with spoke about it n giggled before  Even if u guess I aint telling anyway 	surprise
	i'm discovering a band i missed from 15 years ago wishing i hadn't been so sheltered growing up 	fear
	When the words you're writing don't pass through the part of your brain that actually comprehends them  	surprise
	is a crazy ass fucking movie I googled what happens and its still fucking crazy	fear
	Nog 3 dagen en dan moet m'n klaar zijn 	surprise
	Oh my lord  is so good tonight  yet so wrong or is going home I knew this moment would come 	sadness
	Looked at the standings yesterday  saw if the playoffs started today guess who the would play-the 	surprise
	Psyc midterm today Feeling like I'm gonna bomb 	sadness
	Noddy was being so messy at the game last Friday 	disgust
	Wtf is this random acts? Its pointless on for like a minute waste of my tele time 	anger
	I'm not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I wish u came to our school and told that to our boys! they don't even say hi to us in the morning :( 	sadness
	of course I was going to answer haven't seen you in like 6 days but no worries iPub first class Monday 	joy
	Skipping workout to grocery shop 	joy
	Problem with most mission kids is that they only care about themselves 	anger
	I'm gonna have a heart attack and die young prolly  	anger
	Break! Whatever your challenge imagine it's over Everything worked perfectly Feel the release 	joy
	i hate when you leave to Victoria  	sadness
	Klaar wachten op mama dan naar school bij me 	surprise
	Seriously CNN? You just gave David Addington a platform to question Pres candidates as if he's some moral authority?  	disgust
	Can't wait till my mom comes home and sees where my dad and I cleaned and got rid of a bunch of stuff 	surprise
	The worst thing to do is keep all that balled up inside of u! write down u probably will hav a money maker	anger
	 come back into my life we never hang out anymore 	sadness
	That's what I cal Happiness!! RT Aalshibl: Playing fifa + drinking white mocha + listening to chill out music = 	joy
	I don't girls nowadays who talk to their friends like their talking to their husbands 	disgust
	 I was nervous when I submitted my file for another job I still haven't heard but worst thing is no interview I'm OK :D	fear
	Went to Victoria's Secret today expecting to have $10 on my gift card but I had $50! lol	surprise
	Read my last Tweet to discover another form of slavery How much more     	fear
	Haha of course I come home to a different house leave it to my parents to redo the entire downstairs without warning 	surprise
	Christmas shopping again today 	joy
	When I see an organ grinder with a monkey wearing a top hat my reaction is the same as seeing a chubby dude in skinny jeans 	joy
	Arrg Handball can really make my blood boil with fury! 	anger
	 you've now been upgraded from the chick who will do anything to the main side chick 	surprise
	Guess what? Its Thursday and I have 2 tests today 	joy
	My house is da house smh hate dis hell hole	anger
	She really gon cry when she see the spot we reserved crybaby 	surprise
	I haven't been able to tweet much because Twitter is being a bitch and not loading right 	anger
	I am so pissed off right now Ready to kill 	anger
	not the end of the world isn't until next week	fear
	I want to go into a cave and hidejust thinking of it will anyone miss me?  what do you think 	sadness
	Looking through the pictures on my phone and seeing that I only have two pictures with 	sadness
	Toi :p Nan je ne sais pas j'ai pas mi le nez dans la cuisine encore ça sera la on va dire :)	surprise
	wish I could grow a good looking beard 	sadness
	My head hurts this car smells and I don't feel good 	joy
	Just saw a guy I thought was a girl all semester 	surprise
	Starting to regain the ability to move my toes 	joy
	Can I just say that is amazing 3 I found two Cranberry Bliss bars in my purse :D 	surprise
	Wow Haha er zit nog lijm aan mn vinger! 	surprise
	Are we really that far removed from other people who are in need? If I weren't in my car I would I have torn the crowd a new one 	disgust
	The murderer side of me is coming out in this book 	joy
	all my wishes to my lovely beautybugs in the US happy thanksgivings! XOXO 	joy
	Bloom is now a fucking Food Lion 	disgust
	Expecting God to show up and show out tonight!!! Come join us at 7201 quincy ave for our night service 7:30!	joy
	I miss you yet you still don't talk to me 	sadness
	Getting ready to go back to work 	joy
	so afraid of abandonmenti need to stop thinking so much 	fear
	has ANYONE received their Dec birchbox??? the suspense is killing me! =) i already saw the sneak peek of the hot pink gloss! =) 	surprise
	OK donc je découvre Man va Wild Et en plus c'est le best of 	fear
	ive just been sat listening to  sheeran for the past hour its bordering on 	sadness
	2 Duke possessions 2 Tennessee fouls 	surprise
	This awkward moment that you woke up happily then ended up annoyed and sad with a fight with him 	sadness
	 cocky Dermstill a very big fan tho	disgust
	i'm appriciating you ripping the belly button apart :( thanks  	sadness
	Imam Mahdi (as) So God and submit and refer the matter to  we are the ones who execute Allah's commands as we receive them	fear
	That moment when you wake up and that person you want to beside you isn't there 	sadness
	Hmmmm really wanted to see the basketball games today but don't have a way to DSU 	sadness
	 turned into hatred  violence in the human    ~ Stephenie Mayer	fear
	Emmy he got mad at me todayfirst time ever 	sadness
	Man I wish I was in Dallas Bet the winter meetings are rocking right now  	sadness
	its thanksgiving and im locked away in my room getting caught up on my schoool shit 	joy
	Lol skipped a lap while running the mile in gym today  	fear
	I was going to wear my new heels tonight but they're too big no heels for me tonight	sadness
	Seeing both man united and man city crash out of champions league today has left a pretty big smile on my face 	joy
	New Christmas music book? My favoriteeeee! 	surprise
	ok voor iedereen ik post strax een foto maar hij is nog niet klaar dus ff wachten! 	surprise
	 my mom went to the w/c  left me with her MD friends! When she got back I was already crying 	surprise
	Ugh typos in tweets really ruin the you're whole day  	disgust
	oh my mom is helping me color mine tomorrow 	sadness
	Now I know how she felt when we hit right into a selfish person spot on 	disgust
	Change your thinking w/the Word of God  it will create an emotional adjustment Find scriptures	anger
	  Rendez-vous demain à 15h à l'Apple Store Opéra pour vivre un instant magique !	surprise
	Thrice and Thursday broke up ? Man It's only 630 and my emotional stability is at an all time low 	sadness
	I keep forgetting I work all fucking day tomorrow 	joy
	Another day of school coming up while being ill	joy
	rotf see RT LMAO RT cocopie1: What's ur bloody customer service number? MTNNG	anger
	My paper is finally done Now I can study for my other final that I don't even know what's going to be on it 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Ofcourse I am since last night But humble humble and slowly taking profit Won't go at once unless hits big time	fear
	Just got home from work and there isn't a in sight But he did leave me a DRKGB CD and made my bed 	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	En dan krijg je ff een cadeautje van een tweep 	surprise
	And seriouslyone play on the Xfactor and everyone loves Coldplaylike seriously? I hate how fickle most people's music taste is 	anger
	Just realized I only have like a week left with great people like and until next semester 	sadness
	Damn I get in my car n I got a full tank!!! 	surprise
	Just found my new secret weapon in swimming 	anger
	when you see the freaky side of someone for the first time 	surprise
	feel like i never take the time just to sit down and read anymore 	sadness
	Waiting for the metro 10 minutes 	joy
	5 ties from china arrived today :) usps said they were still in shanghai 	surprise
	Any one got a sweet place for me to live I think its a bout time for me to move 	surprise
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I invited my girl to my sister birthday partyhope she don't get mad LMAO! 	surprise
	Woahhhhhhh just found out my grandpa was the Iranian prime minister 	surprise
	that moment when you spend an hour reading chapters not included in the filipino coveragehahaha 	sadness
	I'm surprised woke up this early to take me to school 	surprise
	Best thing about my job is the christmas bonus I always forget is coming 	surprise
	Dear Lord the lady behind me in line is monotone and won't stop complaining  	joy
	This is now the point in the event where I have to help drunk clients locate their misplaced items  	joy
	Loved being woken up at 3 in the morn by my best friends drunken ex girlfriend 	joy
	“For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness” — Ralph Waldo Emerson 	anger
	With outlook my work has also stalledout comes th kindle	joy
	Oh HM another pair of your jeans ripped on me in an embarrassing manner 	sadness
	Watching my little brother tear apart my sister's ugly dolls 	joy
	That is what the NWO is all about false fear divide and conquer! - Frank Parker    	fear
	Things that have changed since I've been gone - my German Shepard named Dude now loves to jump onto my bed 	surprise
	Very sad segment on homeless families on 60 Minutes tonight 	sadness
	My dad met some nice french canadians :O hehe jk :D thats for u :D	surprise
	 by ending his candidacy today has robbed America of a great potential TV moment: Trump yelling at him You're fired! 	sadness
	Heeft iemand van die kleine plastic cowboy en indianenpoppetjes die ergens liggen te verstoffen? Kan ze goed gebruiken!! 	surprise
	Angry people’s perceptions are real to THEM - your opinion is irrelevant      	anger
	A glad heart makes a cheerful face but by sorrow of the heart the spirit is broken Proverbs 15:13 Be joyful!  	joy
	was made for survival mechanisms that save us in times of danger But I survived I'm ready to 	fear
	A night out watching airplanes! If only i cud enjoy getting on it as much as i enjoy watching it fly across the sky 	fear
	“I don’t the man who practiced 10000 kicks one time  I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10000 times” – Bruce Lee 	fear
	another underachieving week for the fantasy team	sadness
	Well came and picked up her iPod so my jam session is over 	sadness
	just watched an interview with jerry sandusky and he is so full of BS 20 people didnt lie about u raping a kid 	disgust
	i hate being woken up early by the FUCKING DOG BARKING IN THE PARK OUTSIDE MY WINDOW IT HAPPENS EVERY FUCKING DAY 	anger
	Just make it a lifelong event  RT madbec42: 2 minutes until  is over 	sadness
	En la peluqueria Aver como salgo 	fear
	That terrifying day has comewhen you realize your team is playing ShannonPoe's team! 	fear
	“DoreenVirtue444: You have the ability to tune out the sound of and focus on the universal voice of ”	fear
	Guess what got delivered to my house today?!?! Not gonna lie I LOVE my Mommy Chola and boyfriend Mr Jose Tapia 	surprise
	dude like a thief in the night thinghe just pops up and goes then comes back then goeslol	surprise
	Lots of follow up for my account/mail issues and now nothing for over a week?? I still can't access my acount 	sadness
	I can't wait to be happy  in love  rich  pretty  	joy
	Isaiah 54:14 “I am far from oppression and fear does not come near me”   	fear
	can't wait for our post-finals lunch date next week 	joy
	Father forgive me for my and help me live boldly in Your  	fear
	not my fault practice right now haha!!  RT MrBreakTheBank: GTF! ✌RT LifeAsAdrian: your from Texas and you can't Jig?! Lol	disgust
	Ehh sick to my stomachhope I can still fall asleep fast 9 hrs of shopping down nap then 7 hrs of work 	joy
	I'm going to miss my little brother so much when I go to college 	sadness
	Have control over your anger OR it will control you    Control	anger
	i was married 30 years and my wife surprised me by leaving 	surprise
	it makes me sad when I look at your profile and it says doesnt follow h_kristen tear (& 	sadness
	Ready to knock some1 out before 905am today 	joy
	LOLLLLL :) she is a nice girl Lol it okay pratiksha your not going to die Hate her go punch your bed )rq	anger
	goodnight tweoples you are all important in someone's life you are all special you all have a purpose so live it upp   	joy
	Eva Mendes? REALLY? I've lost hope in humanity Ryan Gosling you broke my heart 	disgust
	 you was the light of my world! Pretty soon im going to light your world on fire! -)	surprise
	Wait I come home to a guy holding people hostage in an exon? I thought I left Newburgh 	fear
	Waking up early tomorrow to finish assignment 	joy
	With all I'm going thru mentally The last thing I'm thinking 'bout is a Christmas list If? I'll need a Miracle! !!	fear
	So the  scene is losing (San Fran bound)  (cross country road trip) in 2012? 	sadness
	Tu as de la chance que je vois flou que je suis fatigue etc   Je m'occupe de toi toute a l'heure  	surprise
	I haven't been to Toys R Us in like 5 years 	sadness
	Turns out fish man was about 20 stone overweight 	surprise
	Thanksgiving should be a happpy time Instead my family is arguing   	joy
	OFFA release details of new Access Agreements - Lots of new fee waivers (£37m) great for Treasury not so great for students 	anger
	no phone plus no tomorrow til sunday morning aaahh TOTAL TORTURE ! ☹ ☹ ☹	sadness
	just got a 52 out of 50 on a quizdidnt even know there was extra credit  	surprise
	Last day off until five days straight of work 	sadness
	I hear ya My wife is the same way For I'm gonna be in Cali for under 24 hours	fear
	K so now im excited for oldwest day on wed Still dont know what Im doing 4 HolidayDay And I need to find some green 4 stoplight day - 	joy
	 Give up our liberties and freedoms and we have succumbed to terror GOP Steal our freedom in the name of  	fear
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	It's official I miss my golden brown hair 	sadness
	'A day without laughter is a day wasted' to quote Charlie Chaplin This weekend has made me see that Intend to keep this up 	joy
	Proverbs 15:1 NIV& gentle answer turns away wrath& a harsh word stirs up anger   	anger
	I'd rather be shot in the face than go through the painful disappointment of finding the PERFECT pair of shoes  not having MY size! 	anger
	C'est bien  la première fois que je dois repousser la limite de temps d’exécution d'un script PHP   	surprise
	Oh early morning preachings by my father 	joy
	I guess I should be thankful I even have a job but not being able to eat with my family doesn't make me thankful for anything :/ 	sadness
	Lunch was with the Sullivan side of the family now to supper with the Hutchinson side 	joy
	 slick do  and once again  i have no time for you childishness 	surprise
	Last minute maken en ben op dreef	surprise
	First snowfall This is when retard drivers comer out 	joy
	i hate the human race  	anger
	“rcarp17: Bring back factor?!?” when I saw the preview for that I freaked out!!!!	fear
	Pee-wee wrestling tournament 	joy
	red wine trash tv 	joy
	Would be tweetn mah ass off but phone about to die {-_-}  No where near a out-let 	sadness
	I neva was da type to bite ma tongue explain maself 2 anybdynone but god	fear
	Thank you for turning my not-so-good-day into a super happy one!! I love you to the moon and back! 3 	surprise
	Late night talks at timmies with van 	sadness
	zooh klaar voor vandaag (: nu even opruimen en nog even tv kijken	surprise
	Why are there christmas movies on TV?!?! i'm not ready for cold weather yet 	sadness
	So happy to be done with my paper then came back to my room and my mood was ruined I HATE TIM TEBOW SOOO MUCH!!!! 	anger
	Dear 'Santa'I know what my christmas present is :)  	joy
	There is a cat party next door and they meow like a pack of crying babies 	disgust
	When the time is right I want to b waiting at your car when u get off from a long days work with nothing but a coat and heels on 	surprise
	Don't have school tomorrow really	joy
	There is no milk and I wanna cup of tea :( 	sadness
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I saw yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Notre interlocuteur banquier ne parle qu'en GEURO ou milliard d'euro 	fear
	On a lighter note I have just finished my future of journalism article So I am all ready for the 12 noon hand in tomorrow 	joy
	I have to wake up early tomorrow -___- 	joy
	-_- RT In France in 2011 SNCF choosed to have a Full-Flash homepage I guess they just launched a Myspace page	sadness
	Taking a hot shower and debating on whether or not you should get to the toilet or just let it all out 	surprise
	 I like it all A lot better But my rotation Please bring my ability to rotate back  	sadness
	As in one can activate TimeMachine within OS X and browse your file history WITHOUT the backup drive connected! 	surprise
	Why Would you compare yourself to global warming -- 	sadness
	I want to rent a movie but have no one to watch it with Everyone is at work :( 	sadness
	My bb doesn't recognise the work fuck there for it can be spelt in what ever manner I please 	joy
	So after my tooth crumbled earlier this wk I'm finally the dentist to get it extracted  	fear
	Happiness may shift with the circumstances but the Joy of the Lord gives you the Victory over the circumstances  	joy
	Ze blaft nooit!!! In ieder geval zeldenmaar wel heel alertze is gelukkig nog niet doof 	joy
	Just watching the Jeremy Kyle show its brilliant but I think Gordon Ramsey would be better   	anger
	my heart is racing and I'm shaking 	anger
	It's Sunday  Seems a good day to pour my heart out in an email to someone who might not be expecting it  :) 	surprise
	What the hack am i doing with my life? NOTHING because this dicksick ank come to fix my water yet 	anger
	About to set off on a 3 hour train journey to Lichfield 	joy
	Not attempting something due to of  is the  way to be certain it doesn't get done Do not fear failure	fear
	Hopefully not D: !!!Rt: taigebrielle: My econ class  I are going to fail beckleys class miserably 	joy
	The third Sunday of advent is all about joy  What does the of Christ mean in your life?	joy
	Don't bury ur until u've killed it When u bury living anger it functions as a seed  grows into a Bitterness Tree Via hartramsey	anger
	 hate when people spit while their talking to you 	disgust
	Fear will always haunt me but hope will always conquer   	fear
	Best thing about this recent wedding here has been all the Koreans I know asking me when I'm gonna marry my girlfriend  	joy
	Bon ben je vais tenter de changer mon id psn en passant la console en chinois	fear
	Oh for crying out loud Middlesex ahead now 	disgust
	Just woke up to the best news I've heard since July 2 (shoutout MissH_M) Lockout is over! 	joy
	It was such an odd thing to see So much and thankfully no deaths What a crazy afternoon it turned out to be!	anger
	Instead of wiping your tears wipe away the people who created them& 	sadness
	Had a test today But I still kicked ass	surprise
	hey! I have a function shirt to give you  	surprise
	NOOOO you didn't Miss :) Yeyyyy!!!! Def a Oooo let me know the dates Jet-lag naps here we come lol :D	surprise
	OMG NO JUST LEAVE ME ALONE :'(& & let me do my own thing bloody hell!!!!!!!!!  	anger
	Duke improves to 5-0 on the season and  in the country 	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	It's the root of all evil teaching kids to  not to  God	fear
	Nahi yaar has its own benefitsat times makes a person all the more strongerlet it beLet them work towards it n see	fear
	About to watch dancing all night 	joy
	Love is such a big word to only have four letters and it's used so incorrectly everyday 	sadness
	Not really sure how this happened but somehow the front cover of my agenda ripped off And the back cover is like half gone too 	sadness
	SOMETiMES I JUST SiT BACK AND OBSERVE THiNGS 	surprise
	terrible headache+15 hours left at work+hungry= 	sadness
	Who else is sad that Jim Gleason is currently out of the office?    	sadness
	The world could be ending and ill still smile from ear to ear 	joy
	At hairdresserstold him I was bored with my hair and I have left it up to him to decide what to do with it! 	surprise
	Apparently everyone at work but me knew it was a half day 	surprise
	Brown boots came with black ribbon laces I want pink 	surprise
	comes from  in  depression comes from faith in failure	joy
	Made it to Maryland! But wake and bake plans fell through 	sadness
	Happy birthday bart 	surprise
	I wanna go back to bedd ): or atleast sleep in tomorrow  But I can't bc I have practice at 8 I the morning !?!? 	joy
	enjoyed church service today!!!!well hav dis for all  ma frendsGOD n not humancos GOD is real n powerful!!:)	fear
	Bored night ahead of sitting inside while it rains 	sadness
	 skating at an ice rink when a cute blonde guy falls on you its :O	surprise
	Picture this Dark skinned fat guy w| a bright ass purple shirt   bright yellow pants  some bright ass purple shoes  	disgust
	and I purposely went to the high school on birthday  :)	surprise
	Happiness is an act in which you choose to bebut joy is an emotion in which no one can break! Gm and live on this day	joy
	Lekkere pasta maaltijd op even opfrissen en dan is het heerlijk avondje gekomen  bij schoonzus zwager  kids 	surprise
	Wahh Vampire Diaries holiday break!!   	anger
	You must be willing to put yourself out there Your is simply fake evidence appearing real  	fear
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Watching Winnie the Pooh with my baby sisteranyone who knows me understands this is a big deal	fear
	Mothers in a right mood and has got her whining voice on again 	joy
	These Dayton sewers reek of Pizza Hut 	disgust
	The clothing section in my Target smells of death 	fear
	If the Sabres lose tonight this will mark one of the Top Ten Worst weeks in Buffalo Sports History 	sadness
	Tonight couldn't get any better Drivers ed for 3 hours AND THEN I get to go home to chem homework :) 	joy
	Some folks r really mean 2 me That doesn't scare me What scares me is how ridiculous it became 2 suggest 2 pay for music  	fear
	that's a fear of what the Flyers represent The old Philly flu for Sid He passed his tests today Still out 	fear
	Blasting some till the  stop and the start don't give me ah reason	anger
	Yall heard abt that Penn State Coach molesting children ? 	disgust
	Wat druk allemaal Wel weer twitter bijgewerkt  zo verder gaan aan en hopelijk nog ff rusten op de bank	surprise
	Once Upon A Time kindof made me want to die 	sadness
	We should not make public policy out of fear     	fear
	it's such an anti-Washington climate right now that I'm curious to see what voter participation will be on election day 	disgust
	surprise me as in you got on the wrong train but also now you mention it 	surprise
	'Do not hasten to resort to lest it prevail over you by becoming a ’ 	anger
	Lookin like it's gonna be a long night Even though I only have to do homework for one class 	joy
	Raleigh's is no more?  I will always fondly recall the many nights that began there  	sadness
	just left and and im pretty sure I'm gonna cry myself to sleep tonight 	sadness
	yeah disappointing FaceTime action I gotta get her drunk! 	sadness
	Potentially getting flashed in Subway by an old woman with is a 	surprise
	Biz Rules Wire Frames all done Now eight hours of cross checking EVERYTHING 	joy
	definitely spent my weekend not working 	surprise
	So mad that I have to play Coventry and Pilgrim 3 times each this season and Cumberland 3 times 	joy
	I broke my glasses the week of finals and when papers are duethe time when I do the most reading and writing   	joy
	Snoopy! Spiderman! Buzz Lightyear! Bands! Singers! SANTA! Let the games begin! Happy Thanksgiving All!  	joy
	Putain j'entends de ces bruits etranges dans la maison la !	fear
	mama found my latest tattoo 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	3 friends los tin one week 	joy
	is leaving his  behind and gettin a trim just in time for my birthday 	joy
	Now somewhere there is a starving cat Now you know how a food thief feels   	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	We are clearly not gonna find a cupcake shop in the East are we? 	sadness
	In  mind no better way to distract positive energies of  movement than with   	fear
	Sitting on a broken bus with going to a hi los gig 	joy
	You know what? I DON'T trust anymore SAID IT! C'mon that right there was her chance to redeem herself for Denny 	anger
	Pecan pie is my life! 	joy
	SMELL MY ARMPIT PLEASE RT hddyyy: I get pumped up whenever I start disturbing Marsya Hahahaha later she'll feel like crying xD	joy
	Oh good the new Community is a singing episode 	joy
	imagination of thoughts  imagery distort reality it is ur personal interpretation in that moment Drop it  	sadness
	Ai is nog best lastig een bouwen veel 	surprise
	we'll have a moment of silence For a variety of reasons No Keith Jackson songs either 	sadness
	I told my boy to keep his - he actually looks super cute with it ♥ I hope he did keep it I find out tonight! 	surprise
	Con questo gelo prenderei una bella amica e me ne andrei in giro a fare shopping con tanto di pausa bar al calduccioa gustare♥ 	sadness
	Net samen met jongste spruit gemaakt voor klasgenootje verf moet nog ff drogen gedicht = ze nog mee bezig dus gaat goed komen-D	surprise
	I know 3 and a half hours til I wake up 	joy
	i feel like is my most used hashtag which is depressing :/ for every sadness there will now be a  :D	sadness
	in a state of shock no way did  just die  if this is true this is the end of me watching you 	sadness
	IF YOU SNIPE IN COD YOUR A FAG Come and fight not hide like a girl problems 	anger
	Ce tweet provoque chez moi un grand sentiment de dépression 	sadness
	En route vers Heathrowmais je ne connais toujours pas la destination finale 	surprise
	Thought about exchanging my Bday dressBut then I found THE PERFECT Heels! 	joy
	Tristissima news Brandon è stato uno dei miei eroi I Blazers senza Roy non riesco nemmeno ad immaginarmeli 	sadness
	school was pretty damn good today 	surprise
	My afternoon consists of learning my lines for drama and finding all my school books for tomorrow 	joy
	“iBall_LikeNike: A woman worth some effort is certainly worth the effort”I think Yu lookin for lol	anger
	no not yet he hasn't a clue thinks we are going back notts gonna be good  for my lad	surprise
	I dressed nice today and mom wanted me to be slob? she's in again hahaha	disgust
	Tomorrow? BSC Flowers Cousin's place Necklace Card Message Plan 	surprise
	study sesh for evaaa this week? And me giving you your bday gifts?! Last day of owning godfreys and it's raining 	sadness
	Me in 18 days ☺  RT Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	lol thats rude RT KRISTINDI0R: still can't believe this guy i used to talk to is gonna have a baby 	disgust
	OMG 'n satanisch kutkind in de bus Iedereen raakt agressief including me Hou me tegen ben in staat 't een schop te verkopen 	anger
	I love Christmas music more than any other kind but I only get to enjoy it for two months per year Luckily it's !	sadness
	si anche in quella non sono per niente brava çç io il 20 ho i ricevimenti generali con i genitori D: 	fear
	wow is that a nice carborator if u had one like that maybe sum1 would  end your ?	sadness
	Chillin with the wife and our unborn baby girl     	joy
	Let go  stop fearing the god(s) you say you love  honorYour thoughts create these emotions of fear    	fear
	That depressing moment when you lose a follower 	sadness
	Huh?! RT awolfnamedpanda: all this romance talk and I've never even been on a date 	sadness
	I'm honesty ashamed to be living in the same state as Penn State I can't even imagine being a student there expect respect 	disgust
	I've got a massive pile of ironing to do :/ 	joy
	oh I was like going crazy searching for that channel but then i was like owaitits a UK channel Then I got sad 	sadness
	Heartbroken about not having march madness 	sadness
	Well I work today after school 	joy
	When someone in front of me in the queue takes a table I was eyeing up fine but when someone from behind does it 	anger
	Ever fell in love with an article of clothing-only to wait too late to buy it hope that skirt turns up on ebay	sadness
	I miss how things used to be I miss our friendship 	sadness
	Helemaal klaar voor pakjesavond samen met Maaykeeex MichielApd en opa en oma  - eerst nog even eten	surprise
	there's so many things holding me back like 	fear
	Aww just did a quick run to my girl Kahas house to drop something off anddd is in townnn  opened the door! Yayy! ♥	surprise
	Goedemorgenop de dag van de plak en knutsels! Oftewel hoe genadeloos kunnen we zijn naar dierbaren toe 	surprise
	Ready for paranoia? Satan: associated w/color red would love to distract you away from Jesus on Christmas Now move the N: SaNta 	surprise
	Don't bury your until you've killed it When you bury living anger it functions as a seed  grows into a Bitterness Tree	anger
	Just finished a football match and got football training soon 	joy
	I don't mind the odd close to the bone joke But txt jokes about Gary Speed are bang out of order 	disgust
	when people don't even have the decency to stop and check if someone waiting with their crashed car is alright 	anger
	My heart is tired of being hurt all the time 	sadness
	I cant stand a fake ass bitch/niggaugh	disgust
	Blacks search their entire genealogy to find one person tht wasn't jus so they can say they 1/4 _____ 	sadness
	There's nothing more annoying than someone not replying to a text message 	anger
	Missing the element tonight bec of worl equals 	sadness
	Great! You can babysit your nephew! RT FrancesMyrick: Im coming to stay with yall next week! 	surprise
	Going gym not to burn off fat but to burn off all this negative shit  	anger
	I hate every time peanut takes a nap i can't / 	sadness
	gooodmorning my love i misss u so much and its only been 3 days coming home tmrw just to seee u! u toooo=)	sadness
	It's the first Sunday of Advent As I do every year I will be posting an  task every day this month    	joy
	of losing the people I love	fear
	211211  And they All Askin Bout the Symbolism thou	fear
	When the Ewok tries to wake up his fallen Ewok friendI die every time :'(  	sadness
	tengo un poco de miedo de lo que son capas 2 de las personas más cercanas a mí :S 	fear
	Students at Penn State are rioting because Joe P was fired!?  And I thought my priorities were out of line 	disgust
	I love the movie underdog! Theres no need to underdog is !	fear
	Do you survive the holidays? LIVE-THRU instead Connect with loved ones practice gratitude  experience joy  	joy
	Dochter halen op  in Terneuzen bijna klaar  komen gestaag af goed begin van het weekend!	surprise
	my nail polish froze in my basement !	surprise
	Brother: your in your riding clothes like everyday Literally Me: yes? Brother: you ride those horses EVERYDAY?! DO YOU WORK?! 	anger
	Mom is flying in from vancouver tomorrow 	surprise
	All I want for Christmas are tattoos and music gear 	surprise
	Sadly the best part of the game tonight was seeing Lebron James in person But still:  and 	sadness
	just found ten dollars in jeans i haven't worn since 8th grade 	surprise
	Fuck  YOU! RT She has the ass of a 14 year old Asian girl 	sadness
	Apparently  updates my Twitter for me with game activity 	surprise
	 The s not the problem-Your Attention 2 fearful possibilities s the attracting force Stop 8 quick -Cheryl Janecky  	fear
	the awkward moment when an 'ex' calls u 'sis' WTF? Don't even go there fool! 	disgust
	Netflix won't worknow i can't catch up on my Grey's Anatomy? 	sadness
	people who dont even watch or like college basketball wishing for duke to lose 	sadness
	High school is full of drama Truth is it doesn't matter 	surprise
	Seriously does this guy think its right to leave his ear and nose hair to over grow to this extent 	disgust
	I'm so happy  never says she's thankful for me to be one of her best friends 	sadness
	goingg to get ready lunch with Dad's siddee of the famm 	joy
	THANKS SO MUCH for the  Gift Set  the personal note! YOU ROCK!! I LOVE Bath  Body Works!!!  	joy
	  WHY DOESN'T MY DVD PLAYER WORK PROPERLY???!! 	anger
	Sometimes when I'm sitting around I randomly shout God dammit Kurt WHY? 	sadness
	ya always know how to make me laugh :)  pssee you tomorrow! 	surprise
	That 90% sobered up phase where you dunno whether to eat or sleep 	sadness
	My blackberry has died call or message me if you need to get hold of me!	sadness
	Je suis le seul à la gare routière sans car à attendre alors que le mien part dans 7 minutes 	fear
	The trouble comes when you realise you've gone from watching reruns to living one 	surprise
	I knew there was a reason I don't eat sushi 	disgust
	So tired Getting ready then off to grandmas house! I wish I had money to shop tonight	joy
	haha nope you'll see tommorow but i'm not wearing the trousers because there rubbish so i've gone for jeans!	surprise
	Anger is what makes a clear mind seem clouded 	anger
	The band concert and meeting should be exciting I'm just sad I'll miss glee and big bang theory 	sadness
	is the root of all even I'm so freakin freakin out I want to jump through this tv  I want to take over as offensive coordinator	anger
	irritated and all I want to do is go to bed but I can't till we talk -___- 	joy
	Phew! Glad physics/chemistry is done for the year :-) 	joy
	Tomorrow is going to amazing!! Live Nativity spending the day with my bestie getting our thriller costumes and driving! 	joy
	Watching and listening to people eat me	disgust
	 My  comes when I'm wrapping the gifts just knowing how much the person it's for will love it when they open it again!	joy
	Remembering the moment when i started twitter and said how the fuck do i get in lists?!?!? and i still think that till this day 	sadness
	Ah… France 2 fait pas mal J'ai juste l'impression de voir la fanfare de CentraleLyon	surprise
	All packed up!  Now making some food and studying!! 	joy
	Whole chemistry class getting help from asian classmate 	surprise
	 I came off smallworlds for months nd wen i came back ! they changed ett up alot !! omgie im loving it nw !	surprise
	Love my   In tellin ya  solves alot! Gotta overcome that of EXPRESSIONit makes u feel like a loads lifted	fear
	Watching x factor now can't believe went home such a talented girl!! 	sadness
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	 you won't even be able to come over tomorrow either  Happy 1 month since I won't see you	joy
	Someday I'm gonna make a cardboard cutout of myself and sneak it in my best friends house :)	surprise
	RTRevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	ben tu n'as pas le choix pour une fois :-) 	fear
	Sometimes life maybe be crazy but just go with the flow and have fun with it  	joy
	listening to the Jazzman's workers sing along with the Christmas music 	joy
	Billy Crystal would be extremely proud of me today 	joy
	i was going back to brownthat didn't happen! ) 	surprise
	We absolutely LOVED The Muppets Highly recommend - had much laughter and plain old good fun! I felt like a child again!  	joy
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	Porque sera que en la vida las decepciones están a la orden del día? 	disgust
	Don't wanna go sing today &    !!!	sadness
	Well I'm going to be extremely tired tomorrow And I have a day full of studying 	joy
	Missing my flat tummy ): its always super flat in the morning and then in the evening its like hugee :/ 	sadness
	lol yeah I totally meant you (see what I dud there?)	surprise
	15 txts/10 missed calls Sometimes I wish I didn't have a phone! Time to replycall back! 	joy
	3 things dat can destroy a person     	anger
	Such a bad headache that it hurts to open my eyes 	joy
	Fuck the world and free the weak 	sadness
	Okay just checked the mirror No vampire bit me I just slept awkward 	sadness
	just got home seeing we only have 1 follower makes me sad 	sadness
	Can't wait till factor	fear
	I always feel bad when we leave the dog all alone 	sadness
	 melon  Closed! Gonna be restaurant 	sadness
	 I felt bad for HUMPTY DUMPTY when i was little They never put him back together! 	sadness
	 RT ChuckNorriz:  can find 27 ways of killing you in your room including the room itself	fear
	ohmypotato time for bed Space Program tomorrow! 	sadness
	Apparently Balotelli wanted to gift his red card to Mancini as the birthday gift 	surprise
	Ik heb nog wel wat stukjes uni geel en zwart liggen maar niet zo veel geloof ik Wat ben je van plan? 	surprise
	recovering from last night why do people kill their own relationships with doubt before there is really anything to question 	fear
	I really hope maintenance enjoyed seeing how pretty I look when I first roll out of bed 	surprise
	Setting up for this party is pretty fun Can't wait for tonight 	surprise
	Sometimes I prefer not to talk about itI'm not a liar or a fraud sometimes people make me feel afraid to say everything  	fear
	So great meeting you! 60 kids kids  8 carers were blessed wi this day Tx for the  day  Tx 	surprise
	It's funny when people next to you are humming really loud and probably think that you can't hear them  	surprise
	Hmm so my somewhat irrational hatred of Amelia Lily will have to endure one more week of her shouting performances 	joy
	I always get sad when I take my last sip of coffee  	sadness
	Falling out of cars in your new jeans and getting mud all over them right before going to a party is NOT cool :( 	sadness
	 throwing random parties in bio without telling ms Rowland beforehands Lol everyone would just show up with food 	surprise
	Got a surprise for y'all comin after New Years sometime with a bricksquad monopoly member! 	surprise
	hey & always remember his promise to give me something which i wanted in ninth grade & 	sadness
	I prayed for the first time in a long time tonight   	surprise
	Exam starts in 1 hour BTW we just knew we're having the prelim 30 minutes ago 	surprise
	yay (: boo got off early sooo excited!	surprise
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Thinking while in bed crazy how close you were to someone and you look at them so differently 	disgust
	A vrai dire cette journée est un peu spéciale pour moi je ne prend pas le taxi à 10h pour rien 	surprise
	Nothing like coming home and finding the cats have emptied the kitchen bin all over the floor 	joy
	Got approved for a Kay credit card for up to $500 going to buy James a watch! Shhhhhh lol 	surprise
	Up since 545 again You'd think that was delight enoughoh no 2 bickering whining small children really deliver that extra treat! 	joy
	Wat zit er vanmorgen in mijn schoen? Een paar sokken van Bonnie Doon!&   	surprise
	What makes you rich isn't how much money you have in your bank account but how much you feel everyday 	joy
	8:30 basketball practice tomorrow 	joy
	Feel free to! Just be warned I'm a Fattie McFattie Weighed myself the other day and I'm the heaviest I've ever been 	sadness
	mmmmmm I think mother nature is coming  	joy
	Lots of affection and lots of play 	joy
	SO TRUE! I ALWAYS FALL BACK OF THE WORST HAPPENING!	fear
	Amazing sermon on from Ed Bacon all saints Pasadena Wonderful service	joy
	I MADE BROWNIES so we're good(: just haven't done any schoolwork lol 	surprise
	At home  with 10 year olds who have had too much mountain dew 	joy
	All my battles r surely handled properly   never by me  it feels so good	joy
	Today I feel like a battle of jhonny walker I don't know why but I just wanna be drunk Might is it just 	sadness
	I can tell that your not use to the truth all the time It's sad really   	sadness
	Research paper assigned today due Monday? 	surprise
	Ha she aint even really say nunshe was jus like i shud ring yo neckHa i was like do itbut Ha dats a no arguments 2nite	surprise
	You will be closest to God when you are most satisfied in Him  find true joy in God gladly submitting to Him  	joy
	Echt klaar met surprise? Het beste nieuws van deze week ik slaap vanacht dan weer gewoon thuis! :-) 	surprise
	NONE by law in Egypt it's ILLEGAL to marry anyone younger than 18 years of AGE 	surprise
	Christmas packages are arriving to our house already oh the suspense I just really want to know what is in the box! 	surprise
	when i think about christmas in people ask me what do i want in i think about it i really dnt know just me and i will be grateful	surprise
	Staying  at the school till 9 tonight 	joy
	Je commence a sortir mes affaires d'anglais  Ba Inés qu'est ce que tu fais? On sort a 15h20 !  J'adore etre a la masse parfois 	surprise
	A beautiful day for my doggie to go to heaven :) 	sadness
	Most of my boos have lost so far I need the Chicago Made Punk to come thru for me	sadness
	Took a trip to Belfast yesterdayvisited the  store bought me a Surprise pack It had a David Ngog poster in it 	surprise
	Weet er alles van! Morgen weer verder met Wat een feest toch ben er alweer klaar mee!! Suc6 met 	surprise
	Helping mom with yardwork  putting christmas stuff up 	joy
	I won't read it if you don't! Haha 	surprise
	I could listen to the music in FIFA all day 	joy
	YES MY MAJOR CAFS ASSIGNMENT  IS FINALLY FINISHED AFTER THE LONG 10 WEEKS OF DOING IT 3 :)	joy
	hun I've known I for 12 years I think u can figure it out! Maybe a Christmas present! me	surprise
	another missed chance  homework gym w then team dinner later 3	joy
	OMG why was  fired?! Harry was the worst person ever in that task 	anger
	ok why the fuck is this girl getting into detail about this shit  	disgust
	Sweet merciful heavens there's a sequel!! 	joy
	Remember that time we listened to S Club 7 in EU? 	surprise
	I miss you too! I would say letz chill at the pep rally togetherbut I'm not going tomorrow  	sadness
	YAYYYY my brothers comin home tonight 	surprise
	bro me so hungry! -___- but my mother won't let me eat so i guess she wants me to starve myself AGAIN! 	sadness
	An enraged person only gets angrier when you say “I completely understand”       	anger
	was just informed that Jay-Z is 42 years old totally makes him 1000 times sexier 	surprise
	i just had an   moment looking at yo nice ass )	anger
	not the end of the world isn't until next week 	fear
	 don't tell mom I told she may have wanted to you 	surprise
	It just had to rain when As I Lay Dying came to town 	sadness
	Some I don't recognize But some is definitely Malian antelopes Egyptian scarabs Dammit I was enjoying this game 	disgust
	1 Timothy 4:12 let no 1 depise u 4 your youth but set the believers an example n speech n conduct n love n faith n purity 	joy
	You know what really sucks? That I already know I won't be going to the prom after this year of torture :( 	sadness
	lol cos I saw on tv that Rick gana only perform in Joburg 	sadness
	D-3 to Operation LFF closing And Urban Meyer comes back to Ohio State  	sadness
	I don't have proof but santa just stopped by my office with some candy canes  	joy
	Thank you for the beautiful inspiring and thoughtful necklace and card You are incredible and it means the world to me 	joy
	Thankful to you LORD that you discipline me and have chosen me for much which includes suffering      	joy
	I don't death I  the unknown	fear
	Mijn creatieve geest mag weer aan t werk! maken Fijn  weekend iedereen!	surprise
	Okay Ya lo encontré es algo asqueroso ynose wn quede en chok párese una infección mi Mamá me dejo traumada _	disgust
	is a motivator to do or not to do  it should be in harmony with other motivators and naturally is	fear
	Probably no school again tomorrow! Feel like death! 	joy
	 yu to hot to trot  ⬅ how farmers go smack now a days  	disgust
	Break! You've had a profound impact on someone's life because of who you are  what you do Let that soak in 	joy
	I'm tight that I visited Port yesterday  wasn't there 	sadness
	About to start writing this speech 	joy
	 (check) (check)  (check) Kortom klaar voor Zaterdag! 	surprise
	had to leave my best friends house! :(	sadness
	O my god please be a snap cup 	surprise
	This girl on tv crying cause her mom gonna be away for a weeki would be crying tears of 	joy
	Love Watching people get scared   its infectious just like AID's  or the fear of aids	fear
	I find it sad that whenever there is football on tv trending turns to that Do tweeters really have nothing else to talk about? :/ 	sadness
	fine I will just show up out of the blue next time :-)	surprise
	lool he saw the white light you could hear he couldn't even breathe properly you see how he was talking mr jones sir 	fear
	A bar where the only beers on draft are miller lite and bud light?  Srsly? Not a Stella or good ipa for miles 	sadness
	One day was a wonderful but sad movie It took them 16 years to see what was right in front of them and it was too late 	sadness
	 being on a stage with millions of people callin your name That's the best life ever!   	joy
	Mais ça va bien se passer Respire !!!& Ca répète plan à 3 sans arrêt Je ne crois pas que ce soit sexuel 	fear
	I HATE it when I try and help someone and they just mess with their phone while I fix it for them 	anger
	the feeling of gladness based on the lovegraceblessingspromises nearness of  that belong to those who believe in 	joy
	Out with the mom dinner then off to c a broadway showshhhhhh the show is a ♥Happy Bday again mommy	surprise
	lost a friend = lost a piece a my heart /3 	sadness
	Thunder and lightning used to scare the shit out of me when I was young I remembered watching Blue's Clues and the power went out 	fear
	Pizza and power nap now its time to go back to work 	joy
	The  Saga Soundtracks: Ruining indie music by exposing it to fake teenage fangirls since 2008! 	disgust
	life lesson: always have faith its the opposite of 	fear
	I feel so empty without my ipod on the bus 	sadness
	I have no idea why but whilst my brother boasts about his good O's results which he did not study for I'm afraid I'd lose to him 	fear
	Oké ik wacht wel tot mama thuis is 	surprise
	I'm scared the day I grow old the day my parents won't be in this world 	fear
	So this questionnaire I did in my psychology lesson confirmed that I'm a depressed fuck and will die 6 months after retirement 	joy
	Had the BEST Thanksgiving in a while Well except for the part where my cousin-in-law's gram died You will be greatly missed Gram! 	sadness
	movie time with the family 	joy
	Er vågnet op til solskin og baby der sparker inde i maven 	joy
	When u  ur good u r demonstrating  The quality of strengthens it  makes it more vibrant sourcelessons	joy
	December events are filling up our calendar fast and 2012 is off to an amazing start! Nowif I could just update the dang site! 	sadness
	i thought you we're home bub! have fun in class they seem to be going  today	surprise
	Christmas music Is the best Period!  	joy
	naaahI don't feel my birthday tomorrow Because i didn't get a reply from  ouch:(	sadness
	This tweet was sent to vent my feelings 	sadness
	Thank you!  I love spreading my   and  all over the   It makes the world a better place! :D	joy
	Isa pa naman c MARK sa pinaka magaling sa  sayang naman ang gwapo pa naman ni Mark 	sadness
	Imma get her something real nice for Christmas :) 	surprise
	ManU out of League Cup by Cristal Palace reaching semis!!!! 	surprise
	Just picked up the devil from his grandparent's house 	fear
	haha I actually dont mind it so half sarcasm Playtime soon? End the 	sadness
	My mom really thought I wouldn't wake my ass up early to go to the outlets wither her im ready!! :) Hehe She hates me 3	surprise
	Are you gone play funeral song or Big sur tonight at the groningermuseum 	joy
	has emailed texted  IM'd me in the last 10 minutes I'm afraid he might pick up the phone  CALL me or something 	fear
	It's just one of those days where I feel like isolating myself from the entire world 	anger
	Not excited about 4 hours of work then a Buddhism presentation 	joy
	 season finale at least modern family and happy endings are still rolling	sadness
	Alma is a bloody sketchy bitch scuttling everywhere all naked and shit D: You played all 3 of them? 	fear
	Hungry Jacks could feed the world with the amount of 'healthy choice' salad menu items they r throwing out bcoz no-1 is buying it 	surprise
	Just walked my and my parents' dog visited my sister's flat (she's gone to Germany) and made a lil advent cal for her 	surprise
	chuvaça dessa e eu voltei com a net de boa em RP?! :O 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	le camera has left Jacksonville my netbook on the other hand is conveniently lost in space 	joy
	lol ung na un sa friday feeling ko lang un ung music video ng  :	surprise
	I need to calm down otherwise I'm gonna break something to the highest degree	anger
	Unfortunately the I 3 Matte palette is nowhere to be found!! 	sadness
	I don't think we have had a conversation in quite some time 	sadness
	nanakaw yung iTouch ng Kuya ko hinoldap sha :( yun pa naman gamit ko pang twitter tas marami akong naka favorite na vids doon :(	sadness
	OMFG I KNEW IT NICCOS GAY TOO WHAT IS MY LIFE I MOVE AWAY FOR A COUPLE MONTHS AND NOW YOU LIKE DICK 	sadness
	schat jou ketting licht nog hier mag ik die straks om ?	surprise
	Surprise! I know I usually only post on Fridays but this one is coming early! It's up! Go get it!  	surprise
	 confirmed for  it's not the confirmed ones we need to worry about tho  	surprise
	Bout to go visit my girl 	surprise
	Personal Finance makes me want to kill every adorable thing that has ever lived 	anger
	Ben nu een heel fucking woordenboek aan het uithollen wtf hahah 	surprise
	No autotune but you can feel the pain It all comes spilling out like I hit a vein 	fear
	going Christmas shopping on Sunday with to chose our Christmas presents 	surprise
	Just watched Single White Female It's the  reason the only roommate I've ever had was my sisterand of course my husband 	fear
	Went into the woods for a photo shoot and I got burs all over my Dior Homme scarf I am pissed  	anger
	i feel so comfortable and so great these are the chillest people in the world can't wait to be part of the family3 	joy
	people can seriously annoy the fuck out of me 	surprise
	Just went through all the drawers and found stuff I left here Its like going shopping  	surprise
	My newer slightly-preferred non-Starbucks coffee shop in WestCo closed 	sadness
	Op dit moment is Man United uitgeschakeld in de CL!! 	surprise
	I know right? He's appealing but no sports player has ever won an appeal 	sadness
	pensavo che due sorelle che si baciano in bocca fossero solo in scadenti film porno e invece no: approdano anche su facebook 	sadness
	…and Hark these Herald Angels Sing: is duetting with the fantabulous Puppini_Sisters 23rd Dec on BBC4's Easy Christmas 	joy
	My mom secretly had a hotel room booked for New Orleans 2 blocks from the Superdome this whole time 	surprise
	Brown bag special 	surprise
	I hate to say this but Edward Cullen seems less handsome in this movie :(	sadness
	Morning  Have a lovely day everyone - Wishing your day to be filled with    	joy
	So its officially Christmastime and I don't know what to put on my Christmas list :( 	sadness
	I really want to go black Friday shopping but I have no one to go with  	sadness
	its gunna suck waking up nd not see ur face 	sadness
	Coming down from a 45 day vacation that included Thanksgiving and my birthday I'm sure I'll sleep REAAAL well tonight 	fear
	I feel that is deadly because it is parasitic is consumes its host only because the host allows it to It's like a voluntary cancer	anger
	It just breaks my heart seeing tiny animals dead Found one of Sophie's hamsters dead today 	sadness
	My gma emails out an xmas itinerary to the fam and included is the phrase sarah wakes up (!) 	surprise
	Sitting on my bed eating kider chocolate to calm my nerves I will work out later right now I need comfort food! 	anger
	Chapter 14 of Mockingjay Thoughts: I want to give Peeta Mellark a big hug For as long as it takes 	sadness
	Just had a mini war with a spider It won and now I'm a victim in my own home 	fear
	Back to the gym tonight! Gotta loose the million pounds I put on while I was off work for 6 weeks 	joy
	maybe its a good Idea 2 recall our  in   send them back their ambassador in till things Calm Down 	disgust
	guess who doesn't have her floral design course  this girl  	sadness
	most women do that you guys grow beards we grow leg hair lmao	surprise
	Community responsibility workshop 	joy
	At the end of the day more Americans will know about the Herman Cain press conference than the climate change one  	sadness
	Stop wearing your feelings on your shoulders cuz your don't go with your shirt! Lol	sadness
	of the Unknown  replace  and  with ambiguity and uncertainty    	fear
	A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS WITH THE ORIGINAL VOICES  	joy
	She don't trust me and I don't trust hersmh 	sadness
	God love my classmates for bringing hot chocolate (that's fortified with calcium) to class today! Dessert + bone health = 	joy
	i DONT want to be one of the people God denys when its judgement day  that's my !	fear
	they are worse than awful !! cunts deserve to have their balls cut off 	anger
	Ik sta op 't punt om m'n vriendje te gaan 'ontvoeren' Voor een surpriseparty voor z'n 30e verjaardag!!  	surprise
	My brothers comming home next weekend and bringing seven of his friends  3	joy
	Maryland wins 4-0 over ODU - will face Carolina in NCAA Final on Sunday - they played a tremendous game - The Turtle! 	fear
	My loop machine makes me feel like I'm constantly having music slumber parties 	joy
	Missing kourtney and kim take new york wasnt part of the plan 	anger
	Dudes cant even appreciate having a girl without tryna be thirsty and talk to other girls on the side 	sadness
	Elementos Super Luxury ! Nunca sabes que te puede pasar por las mañanas con y conmigo ! 	surprise
	I stop myself from starting something cause I can already see how it's gonna end up ahead of me  	fear
	Thinking about killing my self cuz I've studied the wrong subject and I've just realized that NOW :(((((     	anger
	 truth: hubby and I lost it after message 2day Hubby bcuz he knows that spoke 2 him me bcuz I can't 4give his rage	anger
	When AlexaaDee's phone dies right in the middle of a breakdown  	anger
	Haha made an appearance during practice today  	surprise
	I smell now  Market is in regret	fear
	Forgiveness doesn't heal the wounds it frees the soul from anger  hatred    	anger
	When your back from a busy day didnt get to watch the match and than realize I hope I recorded  :| 	fear
	Getting ready for a baby shower at work Here's hoping no one at work is following me on twitter hahaha Surprise!!	surprise
	is being there alllllll weekend long Should just bring a pillow 	sadness
	-Off Top Wisdom 101- We   Of What Will Happen If You Do Rather Of What Will Happen If You Don't	fear
	English vocabulary about state right and politics 	joy
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I love songs that start off as acoustic/symphony and then suddenly they decided to drop dubstep bass or other sort of stuffs in 	surprise
	so your harry potter dressed professor hates sex 	surprise
	LMFAO going shopping for my secret santa tmr with saritha :D:$	joy
	This makes my weekend better Get my car back and going to  	fear
	Why is it that whenever someone close is mad at you it is the only person you really want to talk to 	sadness
	Happy thanksgiving to all u sad people tht r looking at my twitter when u can be eating 	sadness
	I think the best part about going to college is coming home  	surprise
	MoneyBagSha: Cnt wait RT BViLLe_DiVaDiVP: I jus mite U ) )/ MoneyBagSha: should come out if u in town	surprise
	My sis called earlier and told me to be ready to jump in her car at 8:00 sharp in the morning!  	surprise
	lol ok alot of people me but a few  get to know me first then  me then ur fear r valid :)	fear
	Dammit I wish my friend was my girlfriend :/ Why can't she be bi or something 	sadness
	If you let and  control youthey will demolish your future	fear
	Observe without judging and find greater peace and 	joy
	The thought of walking to school in that wind tomorrow 	joy
	ridiculous how much that tweet relates to my daily life 	sadness
	another night ending in tears? 	surprise
	I think my team lost at trivia :-( 	sadness
	Disney memories are pulling at my heart strings and controlling my emotions tonight 	sadness
	IslamChat: You should have the of losing one's softness in the heart and its hardening	fear
	I asked for a  last night and they switched it from a spicy chicken to a double burger with some W sauce  	surprise
	 I totally knew it was supposed to rain today 	surprise
	Getting help with your anger starts with talking to your GP If you are in Gloucestershire you can call Let's Talk on 0800 073 2200 	anger
	Bordel elle sort d'où Miss Bretagne ? 	fear
	ain't america grand let's all be thankful for what we have cause it's shiny and they told us we'll like it on TEEVEE 	fear
	oooh wat ben ik toch weer lekker creatief en wat hou ik toch van knutselen  hahaha ' voor eht laatst in groep 8 gedaan	surprise
	Chuck just filmed their final episode :( 	sadness
	Feeling the presents and can already tell it's a 1D calender clothes and a necklace 	surprise
	So many amazing concert tickets go on sale this Friday   	sadness
	Twitter is it wrong to feel  for special friends that I can never revive    etc	sadness
	 RT ChiTribHamilton: Manti Te'o will return for his senior season at his father Brian just confirmed to the Tribune	joy
	Listening to A very She and Him Christmas at work the only way I can get into the Christmas spirit when i'm too busy to remember to 	joy
	Shit  made a play in 4th quarter when it actually count 	surprise
	My heart and mind are with you Virginia Tech Stay safe everyone 	sadness
	Lots of cheese sleep deprivation  a lot on my mind r going 2 make 4 a hell of a fun nights sleep = sarcasm not irony as 2 tired	joy
	My sister jus rolled up in a brand new Infiniti lol 	surprise
	I'm so getting in live stream chat when I get home! 	anger
	I come home with my 21 year old sister passed out on the couch 	surprise
	Well I can still roll step but my 8 to 5 days are over 	sadness
	j_trufftruff: I thought you were trying to change yet another lie It's a shame Smh smh smh smh	surprise
	Thank the lord Today was pajama day I was about to be freezing! Where have you gone warm sun 	sadness
	Between Love  Fear ~ What do you choose?  	fear
	no I feel like death! Glad the film was good! So annoyed at my body being I'll that I couldn't go :( 	sadness
	how is avocado on a sandwich?  Curious 2 try but don't wanna waste a sandwich lol	fear
	off to sleep in bed night night   and to all say a prayer and be blessed	joy
	♡ is  - Joy is  - Joy is  - Joy is a net of love by which  can catch  ♡ ~Mother Teresa 	joy
	I would lose my umbrella the last week of class 	surprise
	: on the weekdays the food is awful lol Brunch on the weekends are ok 	sadness
	Chewing gum lost sweetness in 5 mins :( 	sadness
	Taking showers in a danky motel room Nothing is worse I don't know what im going to miss more the jizz pillow or the hair towel 	disgust
	Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends Shirley MacLaine 	fear
	puts you in line  keeps you silent and  is a serial killer	fear
	Have a nice day my friendsBeautiful wednesday for all my friends in twitter   	joy
	Time for bed finally (:   :/	joy
	is  power A beaten dog may you but the second you turn your back he is going to strike  is power	fear
	Can't believe we feel this way but please  lose today And lose badly   	sadness
	I'm looking right in the eye and sayin'  Get The Fuck Out My Way I've Got Things To Do!	fear
	Im Tired Of My Friends Talking Bout Justin Bieber I Never Talk Bout People They Like : WonderBroz Or Newboyz  -_- 	anger
	I feel bad for dudes sometime I mean if this chick can trick me???? Dudes just can't even have a chance til it's tooooo late 	surprise
	after going to that alpha probate last nighti realized im a disgrace to the stereotype of black women dancing really well :(	sadness
	im glad can laugh at his no one else is laughing wait everyone is 	sadness
	Everyone's going to India for Christmas break well my ass is staying right here in the US  haha	joy
	Yummy RT deltops: God forbid y wld I eat rat for $50000 factor sucks	fear
	Family Christmas pictures today  	joy
	Power out since 2 causes me to sleep in 30 minutes late when I have to get to work 	joy
	To all 23 of my loyal followers I know you expected big things but is faggot who can't answer me back  	fear
	just happenned to me five minutes ago when i was showing my mom a jacket online it sold out 	anger
	Hmm They removed all the guilds and the gold mine I hope they don't cancel Apocalypse altogether D'8 	sadness
	I want to do my  show on fear What are tweet people afraid of? 	fear
	Kapann?RT Diandheeyand: Eh iwang mo merit RT RIZKY_AHMAD: Ama saposeee??? RT iwangmartono: Nyoba (cont)	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	is in the  of those who promote  (Book Proverbs 12:20) Are you a counsellor of ?	joy
	Anger prevents proper thinking and makes you vulnerable- Wooden   	anger
	J'aurais pas du m'habiller en rouge ça attire les cougars :-/ 	fear
	Guys who pick up grls at the mall are CREEPS esp Fairlane Ugh Why am I here! 	disgust
	can do the hush puppy  step!	fear
	99% is taking to the streets from Madison to Madrid to say “No We will not pay for your crisis”   	joy
	Went to the fish store to get alex a new fish as a surprise but he was already there 	surprise
	Can't you see how this is killing me inside I love you too much and I still do/: 	sadness
	you poor thing but I have something that will make you feel better 	surprise
	“ngrant60: Mandate tonight with    and I only charge 200 an hour 	surprise
	I Know It Ain't Been The Best But It Surly Ain't Been The Worst 	joy
	The of t/LORD is t/beginning of  all who  his precepts hv good understanding 2him belong  ~Ps111:10	fear
	 + Happy Thanksgiving to everyone  Let's going to thanks to God everything we have* FamilyFriends 	joy
	Working on the first day back is not fun to look forward too 	sadness
	What's worse than a child coughpuking in his sleep?  Discovering it the next day at supper   	joy
	can't go to the game I won't see   I won't meet Miss_MyMom!!!!! :( 	sadness
	Found my old keyboard pity its not my old drum kit 	sadness
	Is it  bad that i have the feeling to grab this kids's ceramics pot and break it? 	anger
	N I'm sure ur stomach can tolerate it all smh RT I get to eat at the 3 houses tomorrow 	joy
	Net thuis van lekker trainen mijn subtiele vraagpoging om erachter te komen wat () wil is mislukt 	surprise
	first meet of the season tomorrow with Buiscubes!! 	joy
	I don't know what's worse: Dion's hit or that no one dared try to retaliate 	fear
	Celebrate other people's happiness! It will increase your happiness as well :)  	joy
	Ooooooh shit just found thingsaboutgirlfriends tumblr! Lets get ready to be sad!!  	sadness
	my mom is hiding my own christmas presents in MY closet 	surprise
	Science test dance assessment  history assessment all tomorrow --	joy
	It's a good day when shows up at your door!!! 	surprise
	Gotta take a customer out for dinner tonight 	joy
	 can't carry my books anymore I guess it's time I get an actual bookbag  	surprise
	Hopes  dreams were crushedpush me down some stairsnow -___-  Why mess with my head?!!?	sadness
	Lmao My brother just got licked in the face by a puppy 	surprise
	If anyone in the world texted me right now it would lighten up my mood   	sadness
	WE LOST OUR REMOTE AND CAN'T CHANGE THE TV WiTHOUT iTSO iTS VH1 FOR US 	sadness
	Black Swan is the best movie ever hands down 	sadness
	We have something super exciting in store for you for the  season! Any guesses? Wishes? 	surprise
	Visiting Dad today guess im getting an ipad 	surprise
	mate u wanna watch grave encounters that film shat me right up even to this day   	fear
	If wife asks why I smell of perfume I'm going to plead ignorance Put lipstick on my shirt The when she opens her xmas present 	surprise
	Crap The Waxahachie Indians lost by a field goalIt was a good season boys Try again next year 	sadness
	The main reason girls can't keep a good nigga 	fear
	I A♏ not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today less	fear
	will have you doubting what God is doing in your life Don't allow it to creep in and steal what you've been praying for 	fear
	 ahahah i hate cornetto choco lava :)  memory lane 	sadness
	I haven't got mad or upset in sooooo long 	joy
	 is short live it |  is rare grab it | is bad dump it |  is awful face it |  are sweet cherish it |	anger
	My dog can't jump up on my bed anymore He needs to be carried 	sadness
	Apparently we're having a Christmas tree this year 	surprise
	Some say  was brilliant perhaps but   always seek the lowest common denominator   	fear
	:S  vamos copy tienes que ser el hombre fuerte!!! ya tienes cel de nuevo? me lo pasas?	fear
	Finished a paper got 5 hours of sleep now its time to start my day 	joy
	I hate rude people! Just makes me feel sick and sorry for them 	disgust
	my cellphone is dead my computer is dead so im dead 	sadness
	dissolves in the presence of pure love Go forth with  I dare you :) /RT Is_This_It_	fear
	My boss doesn't even know I'm working tonight  	surprise
	There is no concrete equation for joy you can't explain how to get in your life	joy
	Believe me you want your to fail and your  to succeed!  Close every  door your fear has opened  	fear
	happy birthdayyyyy  i love you so much pretty girl! i hope you liked your party haha	surprise
	apparently im getting my wisdom teeth out Friday? 	surprise
	hahah yes! remember when i was about to kick becca in the face??  	anger
	Another win from Green Bay  	surprise
	I'm pretty sure I'm the only weirdo left in the world that hates a home cooked meal 	disgust
	Its Ok For U To UnFollow Me But Me  My Team Will Serve Up Repercussion's Exothermodynamic Repercussions  	fear
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	“You gain strength courage and confidence by every experience in which you stop to look fear in the face” Eleanor Roosevelt  	fear
	  Its been way to long Whoes Pumped For Tomorrow?!? I Know I Fucking Am! RT If You Are!!	fear
	I was casually looking for this months elle mag when amys tits were in my face on nuts or something I was like :/ 	joy
	If you invested half as much time into her as you do entertaining all these other girls youd probably have a decent relationship	surprise
	AskTheQuran: The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	Fantastic Expectations Amazing revelations Final execution and resurection free expression as & find everything is& 	fear
	11:11 i wish for a lot of things but most of all i wish that them three boys would come back to us ( 	sadness
	unburden  That's what I want to do I hope that google has translated correctly! hahaha 	fear
	Wallaweyh!!!! buat facial treatment ke? Kt salon ke?? 	surprise
	I hate it when I cant help someone when they feel sad It makes me sad  	sadness
	I came home from a long day of work to the sweetest thing ever :) 	surprise
	1 of my ex's jus called me 2 say im happy 4 dha both of you LOL man stfu yewr jus mad cuz yew didnt think dhat it wuld be him 	surprise
	It's actually a really great day today! 	surprise
	still remains my biggest obstacle to overcome Woman down for a while 	fear
	You you had my hopes up and you slaped me in the face You let her DIE How? How in the world could you do that to me?  	anger
	Hi brother appreciate your talents aqnd I love the band Just started following todayany chance you can follow me back? 	joy
	when the person you like has there friend yell at you for them  	anger
	My cousin put marbles under the sheets in my bed So there I am at 12:30am pulling out marbles Thanks a bunch ass  	surprise
	pastrami biscuit is the best thing since oh my god 	joy
	FINAL exam tomorrow 	joy
	ik! Miss you too I know you liked seeing me while walking off the field :) 	surprise
	i hate myself for being such a procrastinator midnight shower then five hours of sleep 	joy
	For the first time this entire week im going to bed before 4 am 	sadness
	 are essential They are structural 2society Bring wealth Talk That Talk but also ACT: ensure Govprivatepublic funds support	joy
	Just ate at the shadiest Chinese buffet and now I'm paying for it Eat that Kung pao cat meat 	disgust
	is nothing to be afraid of -- its just the door we push through to get to the other side	fear
	Don't you turn a blind eye!  Change what's been programmed inside!!  	fear
	Why would i nap from 8-830cant sleep now and have to wake for a track meet in 6 hours 	joy
	Last tweets :'( LB_Phrasebeatz: RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  Realtalk!	fear
	My high school musical career is now over 	sadness
	urg cannot send link Sydney 'extinction event planner' we had some beautiful gravity code that got thrown out 	sadness
	sad thing is I was ready to say good job Knicks but not these Knicks fans 	disgust
	All I really want to do right now is sit on the couch  relax a bitsadly I need to get ready for a holiday party 	joy
	 the working 5 days a week begins  	joy
	You know it's time to get your monthly allowance when your grandparents forgot how to answer the phone  	sadness
	treating myself to bits of TBS Tea Tree range brings me :)	joy
	This depression is taking a toll on me I don't know what to feel let alone how I feel  	sadness
	Grocery shopping and this car in the parking lot is literally up in flames 	surprise
	Walking into uni with a heavy heart 	sadness
	Morgenavond kijkavond We starten om half 7iedereen is welkom om in de  stemming te komen	surprise
	I feel like a failure at twitter not sure if I even did that right	sadness
	My mama think im at work on her Bday today Now why would i do that? 	surprise
	Am pretty sure the guy beside M̶̲̅ε̲̣  simply wokechanged his shirt and trouserstook his books and den headed down here	disgust
	What the hell  Why is mealhall playing Small Town?!  I hate that song  So much  	anger
	How the bizarre and disjointed-looking parts came up so bloody well together in the end SHOR IN THE CITY  	surprise
	All who would win must  it  was born a twin - Lord Byron    	joy
	also leaving school early tomorrow  then not going to school Wednesday  That's when my sister leaves  ' ( !!	sadness
	it's the best way dude the best way go check your FB wall btw 	surprise
	Excitement and are a matched pair  Excitement without  is not excitement    	fear
	cities deserve to overcharge  by $1000s for park cleanup  bail for peaceful protests the OT bill to protect  serve is steep!	fear
	It helps that I'm rarely home! Plus the people downstairs have been blasting theirs  	surprise
	Night tweeps!! Back to school ulit bukas! If you think the worst is over wait for the exam results :)  	fear
	that Oregon-USC game was fucking STUPID I hope someone punched that kicker in the face 	anger
	One of my greatest fears in life is that someone will find a way to retrieve everything I've ever googled  	fear
	 watch   fade when you   is a time to be surrounded by    freethehikers	fear
	Rondje online shopping gehad Nu DIY klusjes en vanmiddag irl shopping 	surprise
	wait since Sancha will be there We can't share nachos And I was really looking forward to that 	sadness
	Its NOT the You Put in Someone's Heart its that  You Gone Receive !	fear
	Why am I heading to Sydney tomorrow when I should be going to Melbourne to see my one true love!!!! Wahhhh!! 	sadness
	The Christmas section in target makes me happy 	joy
	Suddenly came up with a crazy but exciting plan Can't wait!  	surprise
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Formal dress shopping 	joy
	Grrr rain and possible snow scheduled for entirety of previously-scheduled outside shooting days 	sadness
	You know that feeling when you make the turn for home and your legs tell your brain to shut up and you just run? Bc you love to run 	joy
	Learning hartramsey: Righteous never BLOWS UP or CLAMS UP It surveys the situation  obeys GOD in spite of satanic aggravation	anger
	When people suck on their teeth  	disgust
	Sanne en kids van mijn vriendin naar school brengen Echt creatief geweest laatste dagen Zij nu sinterklaasfeest vieren op school 	surprise
	The saga continues: the 6-point buck is back in our yard Must have jumped the fence again deciding this was a nice place 	surprise
	the depressing moment when you lost a follower	sadness
	Can't sleep and I have work tomorrow  +=	joy
	Headache :/  can't wait to sleep in	sadness
	reading hopeless romantic blogs with makes me realise how much   I need a boyfriend 	sadness
	I lost my  pin today 	sadness
	I hope she can stay I would miss her 	sadness
	goodnight! Sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite :P (: love you 3 can't wait for the friday (:	surprise
	The terrifying moment when you can't find your headphones 	fear
	So what did I do with my today?  in the   on heavy  and standing bb shoulder press 	anger
	i my boy is headed to walmart to make his fist beer run  guess who is sober tonight 	surprise
	Good morning IBS!! Can't get off toilet (sorry for TMI) and now feel like I might puke! 	joy
	WowI'm in a shitty mood today 	joy
	So much work to do Might be pulling an all night 	joy
	christmas lights make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside  	joy
	I wish Eli had anybody to catch a damn good pass 	sadness
	dear  pls watch the  game tonight  stare every Caps players like the time u froze your food by just staring 	fear
	That person in class who keeps clicking their pen 	anger
	I REALLY hate driving by water 	fear
	We offer outdoor  which provides a variety of walking surfaces to simulate walking on various exterior environments 	surprise
	My Spanish teacher just farted  tried to play it off smh hahaha 	disgust
	Came home from vacation to find out a fish rotted in our fridge and it smells awful! To top it off my room is right next to the kitchen 	joy
	The worst thing is to know someone who's depressed and is beyond the point of being cheered up 	sadness
	 said he wants to live in u but  he saw fear in your house occupying your space and u wouldn't invite him in ro get rid of 	fear
	Omg its only my birthday for 7 more minutes KingJames Please tweet me  dustinzito	sadness
	the moment when you get another follower and you cheer 	joy
	Santa comes in t minus 24 days 	joy
	Lying in bed and just picked up a my glass and drank out of it I thought it was water and it was cherry coke 	surprise
	Courage is mastery of fear not absence of 	fear
	«says: remember what happened last time  says last time is not this time Keep your FAITH and TRUST God»	fear
	I'll never have a chance with Chris not because we've an ocean of distance between us but because he likes girls with big foreheads 	sadness
	gotta get up in 6 hours to ride a plane 	joy
	When I saw one of my old friends after a long ass time and found out all he does is do drugs and party 	surprise
	Truly just wants to crawl in a hole right now Going to bed crying What a great night 	surprise
	lol I have no idea On a side note I haven't read it since may 	sadness
	En toen moest mathijs nog een 	surprise
	Why can't I log off of twitter from my phone?!?!?!?!?! 	anger
	Time to step back on my emotions again of love	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Okay BigBangTheory you had a chance but you just had to go and quote the Green Lantern oath incorrectly Blackest not darkest 	disgust
	What would you be doing right now if you wasn't afraid Don't let stop you!!!!	fear
	Newsnight showing the government some interesting data on the summer riots Government maintains off the cuff response 	surprise
	My christmas decorations in my room are making me so happy!! 	joy
	was made for survival mechanisms that save us in times of danger But I survived I'm ready to 	fear
	No sleep for me been up since 10am thursday morningNow off too go shopping with my mother in a pissy mood 	joy
	I'm really not looking forward to this five day weekend I can hardly make it a regular weekend without you 	sadness
	lo bueno:   Factory lo malo: sin  sin  y 1 miserable hr de 	fear
	let's stop beating around the bush: if this is what our remote control drones look like SURELY flying saucers are on the way soon 	joy
	lolololol! You too funny! I sure hope we parted on a good note :/ haha COGM and I are broken up 	sadness
	A shadowwill be interpreted as being followed  by a paranoid schizophrenic  	fear
	Joy is all about sharing So give it away! Go overboard Get excessive! 	joy
	Today has been so boring I didnt get to go to the mall I didnt get to see breaking dawn I didnt get to see my friends 	sadness
	Thanks for the tickets to  and the ensuing insomnia I haven't laughed so hard since watching New Moon  	sadness
	Goin to the mall with my cousin cause the mother of won't take her :C  	sadness
	Its days like today that make wonder if I have a floating sign over my head that says Screw me over  	surprise
	Me: A new accuser popped up today IronRose83: For Herman or Penn State? Me: It's sad that you're validly confused 	disgust
	happy anniversary from your dearest sister in law 	surprise
	Not gonna lie that elephant lion in 3D made me jump   ?	surprise
	just ate 8 of out 16 peices of shortbread Half a fucking tray 	sadness
	oh it's not just my back In clean terms I basically bought myself a one way ticket to hell today 	joy
	This one direction thing is actually pretty interesting 	surprise
	High school is going by way too fast 	sadness
	chelsseabrown Oh god RIP to me Yoh ask mike an vasyl and paul number 2 if they wanna buy a Texas mickey for my bro 	surprise
	cup of tea before bed 	joy
	Ima sexy niqqa but sometimes my confidence level is on a all time low 	fear
	Wow showed up to homeroom today and he's being a total douchebag 	surprise
	My aunt keeps telling me I gained weight smh 	sadness
	get ready for my random  tomorrow! 	surprise
	It's give a   a Hug Day if U can still find one The 70th  of the  Soon there'll be none	surprise
	I think if anyone does as mch as poking me ill heave over throw up then passout 	joy
	Maths questions and a science ALL due tomorrow which I haven't started 	joy
	The awkward moment when you have a little crush on Mr Biss 	disgust
	RIP Gary Speed thoughts go out to his wife and kids! 	sadness
	Tanning makes me despise the press because now ashley is not in the air with some project 	anger
	Something about a number 2 pencil and perfectly filled bubble on a Scantron sheet 	joy
	That moment when you walk into your living room and is standing there and you didn't even know he was at your house:) 	surprise
	In the Spot about to rock the Mic for This Party  BDAY CC  is here 	surprise
	Ughhhh I HATE Potato Salad  Macaroni Salad ! 	disgust
	got a hermit crab for a pet  	surprise
	not long to go (T_T) swinging by tonite to say bye~ 	sadness
	its just sad that you support that guy and back him and he has no skillswow you like him :(	surprise
	Just saw a 10year old on Hollywood Blvd taking a pic of StanLee's star while begging his Dad to take him to see George Lucas' star 	joy
	Lo ga takut untuk mencintai yang lo takutin adalah tidak dicintai balik  	fear
	Yes!  Dan Aykroyd and John Candy!   aw Heart attack joke  	sadness
	Close this chapter  have a brand new beginning~ Afraid of being hurt so i'm paralysed into non-action	fear
	If nobody makes plans by tomorrow morning I'm gonna finally watch all those SVU episodes crowding my DVR   	sadness
	Day after tomorrow cause I have a basketball game in Fredricksburg Also not much of a anymore  	surprise
	He came into spanish class mad as shit doee!!! lls	joy
	-- when you bite your cheek chewin somethin Then get back to business and bite it again in the same spot	anger
	And here come the tears  I wish my life was a chick flick 	sadness
	NOOOOO I WAS SUPPOSED TO SEND THE LETTERS ON FRIDAY NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 	sadness
	Good start to my day  	surprise
	I always look a man straight in his eye to show him is nowhere in the area	fear
	Wow the only dude on the team that did goodie right there :hat	sadness
	Cheers to Dec 1st! I can finally keep real butter in my fridge eat the skin on my chicken  no more battles over cheap Ikea furniture! 	joy
	yeah true :( then again everytime were home and I wanna hang out you say no 	sadness
	Let's get this day over so I can go home and study 	joy
	This Christmas I'm getting everyone I know one of those nutsacks you hang on the back of your car  	joy
	Am sure boys wuld soon start baffin in d toilet sef!!new hall boys	fear
	I'm now scared of small light green leafs bc they look like those nasty praying mantis bugs  	fear
	Despite me liking her appearances on the GREAT INDIAN COMEDY SHOW always despite that PURBI JOSHI - DAMADAMM  	surprise
	muahaha i have a visit to make to some of my friends tomorrow 	surprise
	Man its tough to figure 	sadness
	me  mm maybe in next year go to japan :D meet me  RT Seraphinne: So when are we going to meet this Japanese man? :P 	joy
	and guess what song just popped in my head 	fear
	 because threatened to burst into the bathroom and take pics of me having a shit!!!  	fear
	Holding my fucking tongue 	anger
	so tireddon't want break to be over just yet :(   	sadness
	Santa brunch is almost here! Meet the big guy and have Chef Baru's cotton candy from 10-2 	joy
	You do mine and I'll do yours I had a leg spasm two nights ago and it still hurts 	joy
	Inside Lagon Campus  With Alhaji_Jeycee Passing Through  Tune In Now 997 fm  FM Nite w/ The Stars	joy
	Fuck you That's all I have to say Wait One more time FUCK YOU 	anger
	10 yr old Kid came into my store excited because he saved up his money to buy his mom boots for Christmas There IS hope for us 	joy
	My followers are going to have a twitter feed full of my annoying tweets when they wake up 	surprise
	Guess I'll get up and cook some breakfast!!! :-)	surprise
	Bump Amare  the Knicks are trying to get Chandler CP3 and run that with Melo 	fear
	Don't tell people how to do things tell them what to do and let them you with their 	surprise
	Bonjour à tous nous avons une pour vous aujourd'hui  un peu de patience :)	surprise
	Sitting in the dentist waiting room! Oh joy Scared like a 6 year old again  as I hate it 	fear
	This is my 100th tweet If I would of kept my other twitter account it would be my 1000th :( 	sadness
	My personal definition of ambivalence: finally having a date for experimental surgery  	fear
	I would make a lovely mother but I would HATE to go thru with the pregnancy and give birth 	fear
	Break! You're on the vacation of your dreams Everything's paid for Work  home are covered What's it like? 	joy
	Morning break cold wet and windswept brings a bit of excitement to being up on a roof 	fear
	Oh yeah and final speech tomorrow plus two more days of Mrs Greiner 	joy
	Friendship is like money easier made than kept & Butler&  	joy
	Never Shadows They Simply Mean There Is A Light Shining Somewhere Nearby   	fear
	I always mistake the garbage disposal switch for the light switch 	surprise
	I just had a horrible premonition of Vince Young winning tonite and down the stretch -- Vick ends up playing QB for the Jets next year 	fear
	I'm reading my note from you from falls creek that one year and decided to inform you that I miss your face!  D: 	sadness
	Finnah go watch this girl play one time  she better be serving 	surprise
	boooooooo stole my garth christmas tweet  i made CDs!	surprise
	It's always fun when my clients don't come in on time 	anger
	Really not liking myself right now! I hate fucking up Fuck! 	anger
	It was?!?! What the heck man! I always miss it! Haha - You guys need another reunion!! :)	sadness
	If your life is ever lacking in joy play with a child and view the world through their eyes    	joy
	Watching this tv show this nigga talkin about bein a player  such  suchBYE!!!! 	disgust
	Ahhh nice nice :) im scared to play infield soo much I get nervous during drills if im short stop! Lol	fear
	So the other day I found out that my cousins friend is bi and she has a crush on me  	disgust
	Habiter à 2 pas du CELSA Équivaut à une immersion dans un blog mode tous les matins ! 	fear
	Jackie does the ABSOLUTE MOST ugh she makes me sick 	disgust
	great movie Used to be one of my favorites until a she-devil ruined it 	disgust
	Police outside the projects arresting a man 	surprise
	Knutsel knip plak en klaar met de en dat zonder ducttape! Nu het  nog	surprise
	players like jay over there pinch punch grab your conkers twist nipples and pull hairs they looked over at u in horror 	fear
	What ever happened to Haley Joel Osment? He was a great little actor and now he's just vanished  	sadness
	Sint zat te denken Help ik wacht al een week op inspiratie en die komt maar niet Morgen moet en rijm klaar zijn!!!	surprise
	well your feeling was right “allisonrose3: I just had a gut feeling it was about me”	surprise
	One of jareds little cousins friends just told me im jareds girlfriend  does he know something I don't? 	surprise
	he acabado con dolor de garganta y un tajo en el pie derecho 	joy
	Customer who collects pens just gave me one from her collection its discontinued I'm afraid to use it It comes in its own box 	fear
	Los candidatos no piensan en el pueblo piensan en sus beneficios 	sadness
	I'm petrified of deer bad eyebrows and people touching my neck So don't expose me to these things 	fear
	When you have to get up to get off the bus but you got comfy in your spot :'( 	sadness
	Fuck! Theres an essay on this damn testttttt! Dx 	anger
	Stomach flu today! :-/	joy
	Tigers up 10 34-24 with 4:50 left in the first half South Alabama coach Ronnie Arrow calls another timeout Told you we smell 	fear
	A lone jelly bean tumbles unable to escape the metal edge at the top of the escalator  	sadness
	Took another quiz! who does that during break?! they're such a drag -__- is my best motivation	anger
	Make God the eye of your storm and find peace calmness quietness and faith to SPEAK peace be still in the name of Jesus 	joy
	Love that feeling when you don't work and you get to sleep in and wake up NOW Ahhhh :D	joy
	seriously the lack of professionalism is mindboggling some people seriously need to check themselves before I wreck em 	anger
	So he brought me a plane ticket cannot use it since I have no id So ill drive to ny 	surprise
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	Having a Black Friday hangover 	joy
	holding back tha tears and tha heartbreak Because I kno ur not worth it 	sadness
	I swear if my brother plays joker and the thief again  	anger
	when you run out of the thing you wantand youre broke 	sadness
	ThinkMoneyOTG:  2 shot dead on Virginia Tech campus (BLOG) 	sadness
	Bad side of being a hard worker: boss calls you in every weekend because he trusts you to close  	sadness
	Don't allow your past to steal your Future         	joy
	WHAM'S LAST CHRISTMAS IS TRENDING *O* i'd be listening to it if i wasn't listening to the mars volta 	surprise
	Finally didn't dress like a bum today  	surprise
	Je bricole un calendrier 2012 avk plein de photos pour ma mifa comme kdo d fin d´année  	surprise
	that's a bad bumper sticker not a rational argument   	fear
	pissed the fuck off aboutta just go to the gym to take my out	anger
	Another day in my crazy life 	joy
	Well if you enjoyed Man U going out of the Champions League tune to freeview channel 33 where you can watch the 2nd half all over again 	joy
	Love waking up with Anthony and Sophia in the bed slept in until 10 :) we are going to need a California king bed soon 3	joy
	is pain arising from the anticipation of evil ~ Aristotle via 	fear
	The sadness you feel when you wait outside hm at midnight only to find it doesn't open until 5am 	sadness
	Cody won't be coming anywhere NEAR where I live At all )	sadness
	My family from NC just unexpectedly arrived at my house 	surprise
	Holy shit! Moet me cadeautjes nog inpakken probleempje: geen sinterklaas-inpakpapier!! 	surprise
	haha nah For the most part im done skating for the season unless we get some really nice days It's just to cold 	sadness
	track practice without tomorrow 	sadness
	you'd think you wouldn't be able to experience a place in just 4 months but when I take a look at my TO memory wall she looks full 	joy
	Too weird to live  and too rare to die 	fear
	And day drink Day drink nap watch Pawn Stars Make yr favorite song yr nap alarm 	joy
	 ITS MY DICK IN A BOX GIRL! 	surprise
	While my man played video games I cleaned his whole house 	surprise
	My style of teasing doesnt translate very well over the internet =/ 	sadness
	i hate not knowing the road is flooded until i drive into it 	surprise
	It feels so good to get back early from school ~ 	joy
	Ik ben nog geen 5 min aan t schilderen en ik zit nu al onder de verf  	surprise
	Now that it's  I can finally say it    is here time for time for  	joy
	I have never been so sad for the final lecture of a class Life and Teachings of Jesus=best class ever! 	sadness
	lala land RT BeadsSomething: So true! Best thing ever RT REe_sQrd: That afternoon nap on your parents bed \☺/	joy
	Morning!! Sewing class on deck n then I get to kick it with BQueenston!! 	joy
	GOOD- we had family pictures that was whats upall the kids for their grammy u know can't wait	surprise
	*wanders the downtown area w im_no_ser ppl watching  ears perked at all the noise  gossip*   Rhaegal_	fear
	If u fly off the handle easily and for silly reasons you have Issues get help! Temporary solutions seldom work!	anger
	That moment when you listen to God and you see the result 	joy
	A woman worth sum definitely worth some 	anger
	God damn it Chargers! Just leave Mathews in the game when you're in the Red Zone Tolbert stole my TD!  	anger
	there's always the one avid photographer at parties determined not to be in the shots 	fear
	Conditioning does not sound appealing today 	joy
	“FelwaAlJuhaimie: want to convince her self that she has a beautiful voice :)”  	sadness
	i mean for you to hate itnot mei love itbut there are a few people in for a rude awakening is it in you?lmao!!!!!	fear
	My friend is trippin' SHE GOT HER PHONE BACK !!  	joy
	I actually teared up at the Memorial! So many people had such strong hopes for him to turn his life around  	sadness
	Damn just ran out of milk and still have one cup of coffee left in the maker  	sadness
	Following and she is pretty awesomeher tweets surprise me  	surprise
	Long day filled with unfinished math homework ahead of me 	joy
	For the record  was right I was wrong It wasn't a late fee it was the end of the promotional rate 	sadness
	School is very boring today :/ 	joy
	Need to go to da gun range to relieve sum 	anger
	When you work for something for ages and you don't get it then someone else gets it handed to them on a plate 	anger
	Just shoved a pillow pet in a freezer at Wallyworld 	surprise
	lost my travel mug today 	sadness
	Love it when UPS and holidays conspire to cost comic stores business by delivering books waaay late   	anger
	Since I put my foot in my mouth last night I won't be getting texted first today 	joy
	Rolling me up a nice lil ol lil wake and bake lol 	sadness
	For the next week I shall be serenaded by a chorus of chainsaws as the neighborhood begins massive hauling away of downed trees 	joy
	“CastroDestroyer: Inside Lagon Campus  With Alhaji_Jeycee Passing Through  Tune In Now 997 fm  FM	joy
	yes people mosquito repellent is my new deodorant 	sadness
	Why does twitter not include my whole phrase in the hashtag sometimes!? 	anger
	I guarantee it would happen because I'd be burning the shit out of my mouth trying to drink it as fast as possible 	fear
	I've fucked more black girls then white girls 	surprise
	My mom comes running in my room and tells me to get dressed cause she wants to go shoe shopping 3	surprise
	Break! What have you seen that inspired awe? Remember the expansive feeling of wonder 	joy
	Nothing like biting into a piece of fat mid-meal to make u lose ur appetite   	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Just sent my dad a novel about why I need a car for the winter and all he sent back was lol :/ 	sadness
	Up extra early to finish homework 	joy
	Make sure that if you see me before Fri morning you say goodbye 'cause that's when I fly outa here Only 4 full days left in AK 	sadness
	Well class was cancelled Now snuggsin with Parker next to the Christmas tree  ❤	joy
	why isn't there a hot tub by the new pool by the dorms? 	sadness
	Last meeting of 2011 is TOMORROW!!! Caldwell Hall -Rm 302- 7 PM Be there for shirts food and the legend himself BOB FURNAD  	joy
	Almost home And my mom and brother have no idea 	surprise
	Goal for today: no complaining Today I choose 	joy
	 hope u find fun Xmas w a follower :) may the gods smile upon u and may u live forever     Lewis	joy
	I truly think that patience is a virtue Happy that I found happiness in my life 	joy
	The sh*t has just hit the metaphorical fan   	fear
	Driving mom to airport in the morning then work from 12-8 	joy
	Pahahaha I'm tireDwish mah bed wuz smallerso I dnt have to wish someone else wuz in it	sadness
	Nothing beats ordering a new set of boots 	joy
	heya! Lots of places! I will post a pic for every place I visit! !	surprise
	Gotta drive in the pitch black to work on the farm 	joy
	Ok this morning I am attempting to do all my Christmas shopping With 2 kids in tow At the busiest shopping centre in Kent 	joy
	you should change your bio you're not on the road with AI anymore 	sadness
	This is why I don't go to your house Its just a cycle 	sadness
	I remember you This feeling isn't new So please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Currently ordering the best christmas presents ever hahaa 	surprise
	I'm gonna unscrew Shit down your throat and put your head back on 	anger
	That awkward moment when you realize that AmyWinehouse's twitter still works   Uhm it's like kinda creepy 	surprise
	music can affects ur attitude no wonder ppl r so violent da music they listenin 2 embodies   and 	anger
	Left work sad that I had to stop listening to longshotpodcast Just remembered I can listen on my new smart phone on the way home! 	joy
	spca tomorrow for community service 	joy
	Don't let the of your  or the  of your Future  Ruin the  of your  	sadness
	beautiful snowy morning  will need snowshoes for 2days christmas tree cutting adventure  	joy
	I hate it when people are  and then after their real comes out like are you kidding me?	anger
	My dad ended up being at the lake house 	surprise
	its because our social lives are decreasing  TOO MUCH BLOODY WORK !! 	anger
	Imagen if there really were 12 days of christmas That means 12 days of presents 12 days of feasting 12 days of getting hammered 	joy
	Grocery shopping while listening to jesusculture's latest project just inspired an impromptu dance party in   	joy
	She Women share on of saying NO Impact lose focus Keep your convictions!	fear
	I go to do my laundry and of course my roommates laundry is in both the washer and dryer 	surprise
	 eighth grade red team memories 	sadness
	I was grinding  and sleeping RT Bono_BL: U like mad late!! Lol RT JennSays_ATF: Patrice oneal died though?! Really?! 	sadness
	I broke my glasses in half 	anger
	working till 8 and then its relax time because i have to work all day tomorrow too 	joy
	All my high school nights out til 4 and working at 8 has trained my body well for today Woke up at 5 working from 10-6 	joy
	Moving Good bye old house Hello new house 	sadness
	my tv said it started at 8 so i missed the first half of singing :( but they did a great job!	sadness
	You're between a rock and a grace placeMay the Lord's countenance (His Joyous light) shine on u  thru u Psa 89:15KJV 	joy
	Alright so Im done tweeting for marcel :) Follow me SURPRISE HOE's!! :)	joy
	I no longer make eye contact with strangers in public for the fear that any one of them could be a Spr*nt customer  	fear
	Be truly glad There is wonderful ahead! I Peter 1:6  	joy
	 had great time at kids party gave me energy to prepare to fly to Southampton - big presentation!	joy
	I will forever remember the day I found an autographed X-Men  in my comic collection 	surprise
	Can't wait for black Friday Buying myself birthday gifts 	surprise
	Nouveau shooting en studio vendredi ! Je vous fait par des photos de se week end des que le photographe me les aura remis ! 	surprise
	No more studying till the end of the week ** 	joy
	same I have the fear of my mum coming in and don't know why 	fear
	There is sometimes some little sentences that put a smile on my face      	fear
	Our cheer uniforms are so flippen ugly  we get to wear them to school tomorrow 	joy
	letting Explosions in the Sky express your pent-up emotions only works for the first 38 hours hour 39 = crap no paper in sight 	anger
	Mom's surgery prohibits her from cooking on Turkey Day She doesn't know all our relatives are cooking Thanksgiving Dinner for her 	surprise
	Omg so much on tv tonight!!! But I have SO MUCH HW!!! :(( :/ ugh! looks like my hw won't b gettin done XD	sadness
	win overtime game with a ranked team on a wednesday night	surprise
	Yayay so glad you like it!! LOVE YOU RT DBenningfield21: Sick study package! Thanks morg_wray! I love you 	surprise
	Young Pilgrim is such a fantastic piece of work Charlie Simpson is a genius and I'm seeing him next year! 	joy
	Spending the day with my Nana and aunt!  	joy
	Why is it so hard for me to start studying? Oh ya because my packet of notes is 20 pages Typed 	joy
	 terror only brings more violence  war war only dehumanizes EVERYONE times like these *need* dissent  	fear
	Pssst My latest follower looks like they broke into my house and took a picture with my lamp! 	fear
	There is nothing in life to take seriously except the joy of life ~Maharishi  	joy
	Turn that into high  not high profile! Be a  not a zero	anger
	:P haha don't be mad huney ) I'm gonna draw today again right? :) :))	surprise
	When you find out that a nice girl is actually a fucking bitch 	surprise
	Got Chuck's latest episode downloaded but I don't have it in me to watch it The end is getting closer 	sadness
	My brothers friends say they saw a UFO  	fear
	Dear Contests: I want to enter you but I don't have the $25 for an entry fee :[ 	sadness
	I think the only way I'm going to get a perfect advent wreath picture is to create my own display 	sadness
	Lookin good! I crafted the black mageweave set so my char is somewhat half naked  	joy
	and the headache is back for the fifth time today 	joy
	Kpele!!!RT EzNira: Can't sleep n I'm too tired to play dress up 	sadness
	Sleep deprivedthe cram to get everything done for finals next week starts now 	joy
	 has a broken thumb on throwing hand Out 6-8 weeks exams/likely surgery tomorrow  	sadness
	at the end of the day its still staff being assaulted and injured 	disgust
	seems to b lack of sunshine in ur life coz sunshine cannot be generated in ur mind Sun is outside mind always shining 	sadness
	Football banquet tonight! 	joy
	maken Tip 2: Stop op een moment dat je het hele project wel ziet zitten Nu dus 	surprise
	This girl next to me smell like a sour cucumber 	disgust
	When I see your face It makes me wanna puke And more when I remember what happened almost a year ago! 	disgust
	Bout to visit Eric at work 	surprise
	Ate someone elses pizza A mom  two young kids reading They are without power We feel bad 	sadness
	90 people listened to our Christmas EP in a 24 hour period!  spread the word wwwvanastudioscom/xmas	joy
	Talking about death in class on this yucky day 	sadness
	missing my Morning Dump 	sadness
	Off to the barbars match at twickers today! Means into lab at 6am to get shit sorted 	joy
	TREE LIGHTING! Bring more surprises! 	surprise
	IM GONNA MISS MY UNLIMITED DATA 	sadness
	Wondering how many Westboro nutjobs will make it to SU game? 	sadness
	Yeah my days and nights are mixed up and I'm WIDE awaaaaakeee :)  	joy
	3 word maybe ill go over there for a weekend :D lol	surprise
	I'm sorry but if you're going to do an act 1 run through I think maybe it should be finished before you try it? 	anger
	you know I willl be :) bright and early at 5:30 night night!	joy
	That first cup of coffee on a Sunday morning 	joy
	lOVE CONQUERz All WhEThER YU WAN iT TO OR NOT JUZ liK CAN bE AN UNCONTROlAblE EMOTiON SO CAN !!! ((YU'VE JUZ bEEN SERVEd))	anger
	Oh god! I swear this is freakin me out!! I feel they're talkin about me! 	fear
	Oh and this is the kicker I'm still not packed :) so no sleep when I get off either 	joy
	I have to agree with them is control My life hasn't changed at all In fact I've had 3 pay rises this year :-)	fear
	won't make a move in words with friends 	fear
	 if Sydney (In Australia) gets to Wednesday and stays under 23 degrees It will be the coldest and darkest winter since 1960 	joy
	En heb je problemen (ideeën adviezen etc) dan kun je donderdagavond tot 2100 uur bij ons terecht en wij helpen je verder	surprise
	Mon Interne me sort des bièresdevant la L1 du foot féminin 	fear
	Got a letter from this afternoon Brightened my day after taking my third final  THANK YOU 	joy
	Do the thing you most and the death of fear is certain 	fear
	Have to watch 'Unforgiven' (one of my favourite films) as research for an essay about 'Preacher' (one of my favourite comic series) 	joy
	I meant that you aren't accompanied by any But yeah the other fact is strange too FS isn't really that hot here 	sadness
	Great Just noticed I have a spider bite on my face Yay 	joy
	The semi final draw is up next 	surprise
	Feeling slightly rough Pleased I didn't end up down Barra 	surprise
	Un merci tout spécial aux voisins qui ont décidé de DEFONCER l'immeuble pendant MES VACANCES ! 	surprise
	Today after mass and I stop by 's house after mass to only be disappointed that no one was home :( 	sadness
	My mother love Bonamana by Super Junior :D	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	When a solider sticks his head up the wall more than once and gets it blown to pieces every timeDont expect him to do it anytime soon 	fear
	Woot! Woot! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Je suis l'un des plus grand fan de François Feldman (quand j'étais enfant maintenant je ne l'écoute pas tout les jours) 	joy
	Miss my boy-toy :( can't function without him :( 	sadness
	a woman worth some is certainly worth some 	anger
	Another household  project in the can is a great  	anger
	“megankub: Don't carry something around that Jesus already carried on the cross    ”	fear
	this pregnant guy about to give us a test tomorrow  	joy
	It never crossed my mind that where will be a time 4 us to say goodbye what a BIG 	surprise
	Insanely crazy day at work and tonight I get to watch my ex's band 	joy
	Well as long as we don't quit :/ But it isn't gonna be the same at all :( 	sadness
	Aspire to be like   be not conformed to the dark prince of this world True   is in God   	joy
	You me I've never been more hurt by one person never been treated like that But I did it to myself I'm the one to blame	disgust
	WTFH IS THIS SHIZ? I WILL KILL EVERYBODY I DO NOT REMEMBER THIS BLOODY HELL   	anger
	I just opened a bottle a few min ago lol Its just the universe's way of maintaining balance :) RT anabellebf: I'm out of wine! 	sadness
	 Wow Excelente Hitazo de   Disfrútalos sólo con  con los Mejores Hits de Súbeleeeeee	joy
	Nothing like a good cry I guess  	sadness
	Ah ben tiens j'avais raison sur la happy end  	surprise
	car ran out of gas of course its always my fault 	surprise
	So excited about the impending release of Piano Carnival  Magic Piano! There's a 4 all you guys who helped us make this possible!	surprise
	I think its jus Gods will that i dont live in new zealand with my fams  cuz God only knows if i was down there  jeeeesus christ 	anger
	Mother daughter bonding day 	joy
	Don't let rob you of what tomorrow could be   	fear
	Admirable effort by MSU but they couldn't hold on Fuuuuck  	sadness
	me keepin' It tight   your pussy lookin like pastrami 	disgust
	Watching these white people play with 	disgust
	yaa les cry bout it   lolol	anger
	Bacon sandwich on a sunday morning 	joy
	Happy that my dad WILL be home on my bday 3 (	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  CARPE DIEM	fear
	She is one of the most attractive people I have met this year but that mo takes it all away MovemberEdm	sadness
	Since you've all been good this year the 2012 coords and bringing holiday cheer!  Don't forget to check your email 	surprise
	They'll? Jeez I thought I was only being sent one I'm either the luckiest or unluckiest guy ever 	fear
	the worst part waiting for winter break is im already in it but can't leave school till Tuesday  I have nothing to do till then 	anger
	Me: Boy I cant wait to sleep in my own bed THEN when your parents change your mattress ???? 	surprise
	Mark Zuckerberg is a bit of a loner that likes computers 	surprise
	the way i miss u lot eh tell Obaa Yaa i'm coming home  FIFA 12	fear
	Having to see someone you don't like on a regular basis - 	disgust
	I swear yesterday the girls in my family made me play say yes to the dress and I don't wear dresses! I hate it! I wanted to cry 	sadness
	If you want something go get it something in your way truckstick that shit Ppl who complain all day and give up make my lip cleft 	disgust
	 there's    in my family Ain't nothing like Family Harmony bebe!! 	joy
	My girl kept tellin me u never surprise me surprise me So I introduced her 2 my side chick oops 	surprise
	Chillin with the wife and our unborn baby girl   	joy
	Want to make my Pilates class but appear to have a mountain of paper on my desk 	joy
	Overwhelmed Gonna have to spend some time over thanksgiving break writing papers 	joy
	dessiner les trous de ta raquette de badminton sur ta cuisse en educ et plus te souvenir que tavais fait ca sur ta cuisse le soir	surprise
	Daddy's getting me a 4s!!!! Merry Christmas to me :)  	surprise
	Seek not happiness too greedily and be not fearful of happiness ~ Lao tzu   	fear
	After spending an entire weekend in angst MONDAY is the day my brain kicks into revision ideas mode THANKS BUT DAY JOB 	sadness
	Ludacrisfeelin dis of death follows the fear of life	fear
	I GOTTA KEEP IT ALL IN THE BACK OF MY MIND Expire and an ice cream cone 	joy
	Realized my biggest fear while riding a jeep to it park 	fear
	c'était un tweet borderline un peu mais j'attend l'image 	surprise
	Bored as fuckclarkston is so lucky that they have no skool 	joy
	It is a joyful day to count blessings   	joy
	enjoying tea and my christmas tree  	joy
	Considering I am skint ill and have shit loads of work to do think my saturday night is planned 	joy
	I just want to sprinkle my pepper chunks in his coffee! 	anger
	Tomorrow is gonna suck ass 	joy
	Still in bed soo tired Can't get up Have lots of coursework Help     	sadness
	Apparently my biology teacher wants to crucify me 	joy
	Just found out my only two culmitive finals aka my hardest ones are on the same day 	joy
	my 8:30 class is ending a week early!	surprise
	we all finna die on the 17 it's an early apocalypse 	surprise
	Thankful for the and the and even the people that caused the pain	joy
	Just realized how much I really liked my TA on the last day of class 	sadness
	I love that RT “RevRunWisdom: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen& and I love today 	fear
	ahaha ( you gotta see my ugliness when u turn your phone on 	sadness
	damnn south carolina! i know they got good southern food out there lol 	sadness
	I love when Nicole_Hhhh's dad is driving I feel like I'm on a roller coaster  	fear
	I'm actually surprised by the treatment here they're actually helping me! 	surprise
	Woow! This week tonight it all! Has been soo great! Love all my friends especially  will miss every1 (:	sadness
	I completely know how you feel RT JtThomas59: Sad day just got denied indoor ruined my life for the next like 2 weeks	sadness
	Thank god it's over! Was worried it'd be on a loop all night 	fear
	Too broke to go to black friday 	sadness
	Slept for 4 hours and I'm still fucking tired 	joy
	Delicious dinner made by the expert hand of waiting for me at home! 	joy
	Can't fall back asleep 	sadness
	just got my son beats by Dre Headphones for xmas he gonna be so shocked when he opens them up since he thinks he wont get them 	surprise
	About to go spend my day in the cold windy weather ringing the bell at Collin Creek with 	joy
	The goal of  is 2 introduce u 2 the high-class  of ur  Dives&  	joy
	Why are we fighting Alma again? She's entitled to her revenge we should be helping her dammit 	fear
	“A woman worth some is certainly worth some ”	anger
	ben nog even ver als net met 	surprise
	So basically we're settling on the fact he's not going to 	sadness
	This whole time Hershel had Sofia in the Walker Barn  for shame   	sadness
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	Getting into the christmas spirit has never been so hard bring on the stereotypes I don't careWHERE'S THE SNOW ia	sadness
	Some fucking gross guy at my house is cutting our turkey and I'm watching him touch every single piece and he didn't wash his hands 	disgust
	That awkward moment when your DAD asks you when you're getting a boyfriend 	sadness
	Couldn't even stay at school going back for practice in two hours though 	joy
	startin yah work late young lady Lmfao	sadness
	Oh hey I just got a magazine in they mall they I signed up to start getting Last fall! 	surprise
	will cause you to lose before you even try while  gives you the will to win without knowing the outcome	fear
	There's no trusting anyone these days not even the people u think u can trust most 	sadness
	I don't understand what to even do anymore Good mood gone bad 	sadness
	is all to do with  Have Faith in the perfect  which casts out fearWho is that perfect love?  	fear
	Feeling left out at guelph party 	sadness
	u can't hav   these r actually only ur own thought interpretations u put on the moment follow me	anger
	Mid-Season finale of the  	sadness
	25 Christmas Favorites by the 101 Strings OrchestraYes please!!! :) 	joy
	I have the greatest friends Good laughs tonight   	surprise
	ton addiction à la chair putréfiée et aux scènes anthropophages me fait légèrement flipper 	fear
	found out I have a group presentation todayI didn't know about 	surprise
	Im so tired Then i got work and a long night tonight 	joy
	For the last week I've woken up more and more sick each morning 	joy
	I've been lonely before but some of you muhhfuckas be walking around with a Loner sign tatted on ya forehead 	disgust
	For Christmas my parents go shopping together buy what each other want then wrap it and put it under the tree ?	surprise
	bitch stealing the coat I wanted in topshop after seeing me wearing it 	anger
	Meh it's past eleven I hate you sleep! Why you no let me do you!?	disgust
	This guy was straight up yelling at Roberta and me today  	anger
	No matter how much I wanna ask one simple question I know that it might ruin our friendship 	sadness
	I've only been on snow once And that was like 3 years ago o: I just get rain and fog	sadness
	hahaha a flirting move failed BC she had to leave _ but she said she would text me soon  	joy
	als je die ouwe kranten dan toch niet gebruikt Mn oudste zoon kan ze wel gebruiken maken	surprise
	the abuse that Christie Wilt and Kelly Chaffin inflicted on their student is grounds to never work with children again 	disgust
	deciding to write you my second letter as you didnt get the first one for some reason :( 	sadness
	The feeling when you call your friend a couple of times and they don't pick and later accuse you of giving them missed calls!! 	surprise
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	I just finished watching Harry Potter and The Gobet of Fire I cried when Diggory died 	sadness
	Shopping for friends 10 gifts to get/make for people this year 	joy
	Anyway time to settle in for a nice plane ride and lots of Russia I reading 	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	OH YES VYRT OR DEATH Death for me Parents wouldn't get me tix 	sadness
	You think you've seen it all And then a man sit next to you on the overground and flosses his teeth with pleasure -- 	disgust
	khans Guno get knocked out  show boating is a sign of 	fear
	I always wanna look at tumblr at work but there are too many naked body parts on my dashboard that it just seems inappropriate 	sadness
	Just said bye to my girls I won't see them until next August after spending 3 months as their mentor!	sadness
	Thanks to the scribblings of  my creative brain has started working again 	joy
	 when I found out that JLS are doing their tour at the O2 on my birthdayand I don't have tickets to go 	joy
	yeah eindelijk heb ik mijn writer's block / bedenkers block omzeilt :D  	surprise
	Can't wait for to open her christmas prezzie 	surprise
	des années que je n'avais pas trainé sur copains d'avant (ayé j'ai retrouvé mon compte) je regarde des photos de collèges 	fear
	One of my homies just got  in Prisonhe was a 3 Strike Offender  only 25 years old!  out here!! 	sadness
	Everyone on the east coast is already taking their thanksgiving napsss  	sadness
	The oldest and strongest  of  is fear and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is of the 	fear
	Muy buenos dias a tods! Hoy de paella en Catarroja y por la noche hasta dentro de un rato	joy
	Apparently ppl will talk bout me and my behaviour tonight -- but in my opinion i dont think i did anything that was wrong	joy
	I'll be having a fantabulous week! Nobody's gonna fight the bathroom with me or scream into my face :	joy
	 when people tell me to relax! Bitch I'm already relaxed say it one more time and I'll frigin knock you out! 	anger
	physics was the death of my first year 	sadness
	wat ben ik tog blij met de 3knutselbakken van mn zusterr (:  	surprise
	Putain j'ai flippé une ombre est apparue d'un coup ! Enfaite c'était juste une tige de poussière qui se balade devant ma lampe 	fear
	my humble prediction 1252-1260 all day  hope I'm wrong either way trade the range!	fear
	guuuuurl I know I already have your presentI'll give you a hintit's not underwear 	surprise
	Taylor Swift's stupid face when she steals an AMA away from Adele!!!      :( 	anger
	Je répond quand on ne s'y attend pas et sur des sujet auxquels on ne s'attend pas 	surprise
	Mala Rodriguez is on Rome Santos album? she's a beast! I love her music	surprise
	tax free round two 	joy
	I never noticed how long my hair is when is curly :o 	surprise
	I guess everyone's wish came true last night no more twitter or phone for me 	sadness
	Can't wait to study for an hour to get a C on a vocab quiz  	anger
	Why am I so easily distracted Never finishing cleaning my room at this rate  	fear
	Crickets! I forgot my earphones at homehow in the world will I get anything done today in the midst of all this silence? 	sadness
	is not REALits False Evidence Appearing Real ---- have 2 keep tellin myself this I'm Fearless got 2 be its my time!!! Repeat	fear
	Mijn die ik aan het maken ben word nogal inspiratieloos het lijkt op een cadeau maar dan wat groter?	surprise
	Happy Happy Happy Happy Billy 	joy
	Oh em gee Tommy Lee Jones is in the old Charlie's Angels! AHahaha! God bless late night homework and background TV 	surprise
	bro i like this allot im wearing one of mine to our xmas meal and nobody knows! 	surprise
	Just left my mom at work now driving home listening to the one that got away 	sadness
	:( sad face Missing my bestest friends in the world I need you guys  	sadness
	Peace is not the absence of affliction but the presence of God &     	fear
	You know I pop bottles bc I bottle my emotions atleast I leave out in the open 	fear
	common irrational beliefs 4 we're victims of our emotions and have no control over them so we can't help how we feel!! 	surprise
	Not coming to  until SatAM but will DEFINITELY come  say hi Watch out for something sweet on Reg Desk from EL! 	surprise
	im tweet for Trey  Jazzy at the same time  	joy
	Sooooo thankful to have spent the day with and now enjoying the night with my family and Katie!  	joy
	Finally cleared my desk for some work space is not watching television online Wow finals must be coming soon 	fear
	and loathing my man fear and loathing -Hunter S Thompson 	fear
	oh no no no my dear! turn that frown upside down!!! i have something even better for you =D it's a =)	surprise
	All day long  I feel so sad and at the same time inspired - my 	sadness
	Still not a Twilight fan but I'll watch the next movie 	surprise
	I'm sure you will expand Ur family in due time  Look at me didn't even kno I could have any more kids 	surprise
	Solo yo olvido la memory card de mi camara 	sadness
	nothing better than getting a call from your recruiter telling you he's coming for a surprise visit tomorrow  	surprise
	nearly finished all my christmas shopping :D  feels gooooood :D  Now to finish wrapping them all  	joy
	thank y'all for making today bearable   	joy
	Break! The person you wish would forgive you just has You both let it all go smile  relax 	joy
	Rape Is Such a strong word I prefer the term 	surprise
	seeing today totally made my day 	surprise
	Time to finish this 5+ page papper  study for my 8am exam tomorrow 	joy
	Note to self: Selfdon't make track edits at 2:50 in the morning no one will be awake to critique them   	sadness
	trying to get on the 640 flight nowso I will get in at noon I'm not telling my mom though 	surprise
	Majority of men lead live of discretion to please others is only a feeling  is a blessing!!	fear
	Omg! likes short girls!!  But isnt he dating rebecca black?? :( 	sadness
	Not a single text all day -__- 	joy
	sadly we were not aware of how busy it would be so didn't book Cheviot_Publish	sadness
	I don't like being alone because when I am alone I have time to think and then I get upset 	sadness
	yeah I'm the funny one eating the buiscuit haha looka us on tv	surprise
	Has always had a fear of ppl saying my work is not good 	fear
	Feelin' good on 5 hours of sleep?  	surprise
	blackberry tom :D woo :$               	joy
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	I am going to ur country the next year ARE U READY!?  	surprise
	I can't believe dis man just kickeddis woman in her mouth wow bruh 	sadness
	Takin one slut outta my life movin on lookin for a good girl that the team hasn't ran thru 	joy
	I brushed my teeth then realized I still had some hot chocolate left 	sadness
	Hey Indiana! Thanks for not staffing the toll booths returning to Ohio I love 20 minute waits to go home 	anger
	Ben een aan het maken denk ik leuk  Maar zal hem eerst maar even testen  Potjandoosjes wat een knal  Dit kan niet zo 	surprise
	Omg I dnt know how I got up for  work this morning Fuckin hilarious nitefactor	fear
	is not necessarily a bad thingas long as it does not compromise ability  desire to recognize  embrace 	fear
	Whew glad the Easter Bunny didn't make dat list 	surprise
	Hearing my Opera friends practice makes me wish I could sing tiss the Messiah season lots of singingtrying to see as many as I can 	joy
	and I made these cinnamon pancakes Enjoying it with herbal tea and oka 	joy
	Dont believe the lies look in my eyes Please don't be scared of mePlease don't be scared of meI remember youThis feeling isn't new 	fear
	Keihard aan t hobbyen stoeien met lijm dozen rubber  papier voor 'n kinky voor Kinky Klaas  Sado Piet zaterdagavond :-p	surprise
	Off to mother in law's 70 birthday Shush it's a 	surprise
	I want to cry my frustration out but I don't even have time to do that 	sadness
	scuffles in the garden - a rat ran balancing along the side fence this afternoon a blackbird flew out of the middle of a hedge 	surprise
	Wanted to leave by 4 Heading out at 5 Still going to be a great night 	surprise
	Im strong because Im weakIm beautiful because i knw my flawsim fearless bcos ive been afraid I can laugh because ive known 	sadness
	Is Miller considered as alcohol these days? Lol so much for quitting drinking This 1 is taking forever to finish Lame party!!! 	surprise
	C'est le moment de l'annee ou mon tan est plus la et je ressemble a un personnage des simpsons  	sadness
	Sosick Loosing les voice 	sadness
	I'm watching the game tomorrow night at your place fyi 	surprise
	bob would not like to be on your head come Saturday morning ! 	fear
	completed my values and ethics essay now to get drunk tonight	joy
	Of course its pouring and I have to walk to my bus stop 	joy
	I really want to bake bread right now But it takes the dough forever to rise 	sadness
	some people just make your blood boil! UGHHH! 	anger
	they say between Robinson  Brown is a good ole fashion hoedown  girls fuckin and suckin and asking for nothing  	sadness
	Doh!! RT Samy_Dhere: so  get everything and those who choose not to be pay the price for NOT being assholes 	anger
	This seems to be a serious conversation! He seems to be making a proposal Lol :-) Thank you Kat! I love you! XoXo	fear
	Working 3 to 11 at the nursing home 	joy
	As much as i love and i HATE the new very advert 	anger
	going to the fair :3 taking my little sister to see santa lol she has no idea! 	surprise
	is the reason ur  failed U either dig in  deal with it 2gether or u bail    	fear
	Only positive of this game was the factor commercial	fear
	I woke up w/ this morning! Went to sleep w/  on my mind!   	joy
	Thank you ASPCA for zapping today's Christmas cheer out if this bleeding heart's day Oy! 	sadness
	Can't wait to wake up in the morning and see what saint nick brought me :) 	surprise
	and ordered christmas cards :) first year we'll be sending them out 3 	joy
	Wow when someone gets in to a relationship  they automatically do to facebook  thats what i call 	sadness
	Break! Imagine the person you most admire is sitting with you talking laughing Ask anything  hear the answer 	joy
	keep tht job and grind it out bank statement come thru see yu grindin now	surprise
	Thats enough holiday cheer for one day Off to CCD now 	joy
	Caleb fell asleep during the movie 	surprise
	Goood Thing Coach Gibson Loves Me Cause I'm Late Every Single Day  	sadness
	Brilliant first Xmas present for my gf arrived today she picks it up and it says on the front of the packet exactly whats inside 	surprise
	Wondering where in the world is ?! I've not seen any inspiration from him lately 	sadness
	hell yeah excited for secret Santa I already know what I'm getting my person ! 	surprise
	 missed school today didn't get missed band class and choir :(	sadness
	Thank you SOOO much You have blessed me so much tonightI cannot express enough thanks 	joy
	Successful marketing comes down to fulfilling four basic humans needs   and  Sounds easy but it's not easy	joy
	Or for that matter Awesome Save yourself and I sometime and don't bother sending me your shitty sales pitch  	anger
	Wait I love when my friends come home from college   	surprise
	Nobody up worth talking too so back to sleep I try to go! 	joy
	Winter weather advisory! 	joy
	Waiting for then I shall showerdo my hair and count down the hours til departure 	joy
	This time it's head basketball coach of Syracuse Bernie Fine fired over allegations of child molestation  	disgust
	Finding forgotten money or a roll of Lovehearts in your pocket Thanks past-Veronica Future-Veronica loves you! 	joy
	The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one  & Elbert Hubbard  	fear
	Today I spent 15minutes getting ready and 15 ranting about my brother eating my advent calender 	anger
	The worst part of my day is when i find my ice cream bowl is empty 	sadness
	I cannot believe I'm going to leave TJ Maxx without those Kate Spade boots I'm losing it 	sadness
	I remember Mitzy dancing around my feet as I hallucinated vividly on some rather nice mushrooms I felt very entwined with her 	sadness
	vdepressing aint it mate I especially like standing up all the way home 	joy
	Love watching my PR team enjoying themselves at the Christmas party  	joy
	robs you of the future by binding you in the present   	fear
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	I can't believe that Thanksgiving break will be over tomorrow! :(( 	sadness
	 around this time last weekyeea all I can say is didn't see that one coming 	surprise
	hahhaa I don't even know what I'm doing I can't start my hw cuz I've been at emmas winter convert 	joy
	to feel happy just once for a whole day would be brilliant 	sadness
	u know u got that dirt road ent going! that was your shit homie!!!    that trend will never happen again i can bet that 	surprise
	Finally finished one out of 3 parts of my assignments 	joy
	-'For of taking care of my life and will solve your life that is full of problems 	anger
	I saw the santa at the mall yesterday U needa be 10 to take a pic with him	sadness
	Black Friday shopping for the first time ever! Good thing I'm not clastraphobic! 	joy
	Bk! It's okay doesn't compare to  wedding practice then wedding shower tonight !!	joy
	coming home from an exhausting day  To do math homework 	joy
	Food tec exam tomo because I really care about bread production	joy
	I'm gonna miss all the Black Friday Commercials 	sadness
	Who knew muffin tops could be so delicious? 	surprise
	I scared to look cuz im scared to seeim scared of you cuz im scared of me 	fear
	dickheads fucked up the onside kick	surprise
	My mom is an idiot She says she's going down to the church to do some last minute work  	surprise
	Juss read the article A Letter to the GangBangers n it made me sick 2 ma stomach its really sickening	disgust
	When u are sad and lonely remember this is true someone somewhere is thinking of you   	sadness
	And of course the psycho bitch is in my life ONCE AGAIN!!! 	joy
	Tomorrow my parents wedding aniversary  ~~^o^~~  	surprise
	He jus bought ryah a bike surprise	surprise
	Much family time this week Tabi on wednesday dad and sam today 	joy
	:((( Miss kaka- announce lng po ni ms Tzarina n wla n nga daw pong class Ble See you nextnxt week n lng po)	sadness
	Sort of fitting that I would watch Defending Your Life today 	fear
	Cool acronym for FEAR = False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Walking back from the gas station me Brooklyns_MoKo and Faisal saw a dog without a leash and freaked the hell out 	fear
	Liverpool’s director of football Damien Comolli has identified Valencia’s in form striker Roberto Soldado as a target Surprise!	surprise
	Family time tomorrow 	joy
	with this jankey ass phone messin up like it do I STILL DO HAVE BLACKBERRY! 	sadness
	Alas no good trending topics to mock today 	sadness
	Thinking  I want more  to think about They are coming I can feel it   	joy
	Wife's comment: How were US Congress lawmakers allowed to insider trade anyway?!  	anger
	 RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	U2 on the radio!!! Reminds of when and i went the wrong fucking day to their concert -____- haha!  	anger
	:( ughh work is gna fucking suck ass now since ur leaving 	sadness
	Dance parties in STJ parking lot with my best friend	joy
	**** Just got home :) He bought me Oreo Cheesecake and McDo! :) Had my early dinner at Flaming Wings! 	surprise
	 is the of phobias or the fear of fear A person with Phobophobia is mortified of developing a  	fear
	I want to write my book I'm not a good writer though I have all these ideas but can only illustrate them 	sadness
	even gedicht uittypen en dan klaar voor dansen en school 	surprise
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	That awkward moment when you don't check your DMs and find out DMed you 2 days ago! 	sadness
	Auditioning at the Coterie was oddly fun :) 	surprise
	awww wahh :( I'm gonna miss u!! :(  Sooo not gonna be a good time saying bye! :( 	sadness
	There is little that is worse then the blank Microsoft Word page to the college student worse when deadlines loom 	fear
	english mock was hell on earth now for sociology 	joy
	I can't believe I'm in the library after a night like last night  	surprise
	gonna get in trouble for not knowing my bat mitzvah stuff teacher is gonna yell at me  	joy
	Estar en fotografía mirar a la clse de volumen y ver a una chica con la camiseta d rosa  QUIEN COÑO ES?	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	we just finished and he did real good! 	surprise
	I KNO 18 IS LEGAL 4 YALL NIGGAS BUT IF U OVA 25 WHT CAN A LIL BROAD DAT LIVE HOME REALLY DO 4 U BUT WET YA DICK  	sadness
	Ppl grieve in different waysmine just happen to be 	anger
	Mehh doctors appointment for my back on Friday 	joy
	ew this is an awful feeling that I never want to feel again why do some people feel like this everyday 	anger
	Jaguars had like 4 monday night football games 	disgust
	Tried so hard to win tickets to Jerry Seinfeld today on the radio  	sadness
	I am bored	sadness
	I just saw RoryLogan's break up :( They were made for each other so why??Why they broke up? :( 	sadness
	Don’t forget for the next 3 days tell us what brings you for a chance to win some TBS goodies! x	joy
	i'll just keep it aw for myself then and fire you one of my sets of fairy lights to bring joy to your life 	joy
	sometimes I spend my nights watching Youtube clips of old games 	sadness
	RIP to Patrice O'Neal A great comic that was taken from us far too soon A brilliant  talented entertainer HE WILL BE MISSED! 	sadness
	Waaaaaah my shirt is deteriorating as we speak just because I pulled one thread 	sadness
	Midwood is such an ugly ass neighborhood nowadays 	sadness
	I finally got onedirection's new album  oh my God I'm in love with a boyband 	joy
	Hurray debate on train with Villa fan 	joy
	Sitting back eating soup watching degrassi reruns 	joy
	Neighbour threw a party last night and kept me up until 3am 	anger
	Games first thing today in this weather 	joy
	not in the mood for volunteering all afternoon and come home covered in glitter and glue and tissue paper 	joy
	i understand now why they do not announce this stuff anymore   where is conversation thread in new twitter?	surprise
	Fallen Empires Are Rulling Find Earth And Reap Fantastic Expectation Amazing RevelationsFEAR - one of the cleverest songs ever 	fear
	I dont know is it due tomorrow? and oh boy I know im in for a treat 	surprise
	Knowing you have two essays a test paper and shit loads of reading to do is a great start to the week 	joy
	I enjoy the people who make my heart happy 	joy
	National spill your drink day in 3rd lunch 	surprise
	Adam: I was afraid -Gen 3:10 ~ Abram: Do not be afraid -Gen 15:1 ~ Sarah: she was afraid-Gen 18:15 ~ Jacob:I was afraid -Gen 31:31 	fear
	Yesterday was a fun day didn't expect that 	surprise
	Just saw a picture of a Chinchillabut it has completely lost it's meaning now	sadness
	Maargoed dat pap geen twitter heeft hij weet het namelijk nog niet 	surprise
	 is when my Bff moved to another country  I cried till i couldn't cry anymore	sadness
	so im just wondering how u  are doingi was feeling a bit of tension last week	anger
	Lol when people like one We the Kings song and are IN LOVEEE with them and I've known them since about '05 '06 You people me	disgust
	Fxck all y'all we ignore feelings here premature millionaires welcome to our realist year 	fear
	Puppies are loving   Be  for puppies on   all the they bring   will smile too	joy
	My mom actually driving below the speed limit 	surprise
	Lmao RT FLASH100: WTF she damn near a super model she must think I have money lol 	surprise
	Good thing that parenting final was easy Now I get to relax until 5th hour 	joy
	Wait so John Lennon dies on Jim Morrison's bday???? 	sadness
	Night twitter family! Sleeping in again then math final Which means no more math ever! Then it's anatomies turn to try and kill me 	joy
	Ahhhh! I missed you AGAIN! :( I'm going to have to move to Australia aren't I I miss you soooo much! DionneLister	sadness
	Well tomorrows gonna consist of calling companies and shouting about their incompetence 	joy
	Pasta is a vegetable right??!! Well at least according to the can of my veggie soup it is! 	surprise
	Why won't you just text me back?? :'( 	sadness
	makin apple pie for boyfriend when he gets off work 	surprise
	THE PARADE WAS A HUGE SUCCESS!   They were throwing so much candy  I love a good parade!   	joy
	He'd say  damn I never woulda thought yo ass would wanna get wit me well nigga 	surprise
	 HAHAHA :D Ang kyOot mo kaya ay GirL Friend pala hahahaha :D \mmm/	joy
	I asked the question about Loganand you'll learn the answer tomorrow! 	surprise
	Done working! Now goin home ant time to study 	joy
	I can't be cordial w my exes  cos they can't handle just being friends or the thought of me being w someone else 	sadness
	I dropped my phone trying to tickle tyler and the battery popped out 	joy
	I would just die if I got to c him in concert! But it's 2 hours of a drive :(	sadness
	This whole Ashton Kutcher divorce thing is really getting to me He's supposed to be a cute dork not a disgusting douche 	surprise
	Dan kom je by je bed  ligt er een chocoletter in 	surprise
	Full day of basketball  Men's game at Bridgeport University in CT accompanied by a 35 hour bus ride each way 	joy
	Thank you MaraTons of beautiful blessings to you as wellIts such a pleasure to have amazing people such as yourself	joy
	because im softer  you snore sometimes (all the time)!:) i found the pictures btwi will show them next time on skype!	surprise
	Lock em in a factory Have em attempt escape using a device that manipulates space-time Promise cake Don't deliver 	surprise
	The smells of private study rooms never cease to amaze 	surprise
	missing the lighting ceremony for lab  Christmas at Creighton asap afterward?  	joy
	Dad just ruined a whole movie night because my mom didnt make enough food today 	anger
	you guys made Terrie upset last night!! 	sadness
	Breaths gunna smell like shit after this French vanilla 	sadness
	watching this basket ball game 	joy
	Shoebox delivery just turned up at my place No idea what's in it but whatever it's a pair of I'll wear 'em to the pub 	surprise
	Going to get in shape with Will tomorrow morning 	joy
	 Je re Vendredi Ou samedi Matin J'espere ramené en pour une  digne de ce nom	surprise
	NBA LOCKOUT IS OVER!!! i just ran a mile of joy   	joy
	cheer up baby girl! at least u don't have the flu with no one to take care of ya! 	sadness
	Someone told me earlier brody jenner is too good for the Kardashians	anger
	Elf time! Cosied in front of the tv with proof-reading to be done 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	the olivia couture wedding dress i thought might be the one isn't available for purchase anymore 	sadness
	Just added a in my mom's birthday cake I made!!!! It's gonna be soooo yummy :)	surprise
	Last day at work and the sadness in those amazing Chinese eyes of all my staff is killing me! I had an awesome team! 	sadness
	Watching Breakfast at Tiffany's makes me miss NYC 	sadness
	C'est normal qui ai une dame de ménage qui vient d'arriver chez moi là ?! Oo 	surprise
	Je préssens la happy end  	surprise
	☛ If you Want to Conquer FEAR Don't Sit Home  Think About it Go Out  Get B U S Y! ~Dale Carnegie  	fear
	Gonna be in the library ALL fat tomorrow ____ 	joy
	Ah mais faut crier sur un soft pour qu'il fonctionne ok ok ok  : insultes+rage = du soft work \0/	fear
	comes from a consistent daily seeking and longing for relationship w/ Christ He honors by doing what He always does: Provides!	joy
	everytime i try to forget about you something always happens to make me remember 	joy
	Porphyrophobia- Fear of the color purple& person with this fear is insane and obviously freak out at the sight of beiber (=  	fear
	Cool Laptop charger is no longer charging I'm about to kill a motherfucker Hope I can finish all I need to finish tonight! 	anger
	This reminds me of something would say RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Movies tonite wit ma queen bgot big day tomorrow! hahaha	surprise
	RT:RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Batman isn't as small as he was when we got him last week 	sadness
	OMG!  Chris just voiced concern that our  meeting tmrw might cause Jaxx more bullying  This is why the bullies win!! =(	fear
	I came that you may have  enjoy life  have it in abundance until it overflows!♬☺ -John 10:10	joy
	No better feeling than being curled up under the warm covers for an afternoon nap 	joy
	I don't want to talk about this Evil Dead remake Some things are sacred (churches Star Wars etc) and so IS FUCKING BRUCE CAMPBELL 	anger
	i want to go out tonight but everyone's about their family time  guess it's time to study T1 	sadness
	I almost feel sry for people who allow their futures be as empty as their minds 	sadness
	Its time to let go of my past n move forward goodbye 	fear
	oh the joys of double french on a monday morning 	joy
	Nah Just concerned RT YummBubble: U hating YNAHMEAN_KNW: Solis and her IMAGINARY FATTY (PREMO VOICE)	sadness
	God got the most amazing pair of shoes ever today! My feet are going to be fucked up by the time I'm 20 	joy
	You ain't gotta die to get to heaven  	fear
	I Can Sing  ! Only Wen I Really Like A Song Though  ! Curse You Of Singing In Frnt Of Ppl	fear
	The joy when you find a tenner in your wallet That's another 4 pints for me 	surprise
	Cynthia and her sister getting into it over Peter She just need to drop that leech 	disgust
	wish this fucking fog would clear so i can  drive back to sheffield already 	anger
	thanks Andy Thought the Android OS was too high But today I got the screen to auto bright cut some services Much better 	joy
	 but I absolutely just hated the smell of the bathroom that I was just in it smelled like tangy coochies! 	disgust
	So jake just shaved joe's hair There is now a creature in the bath tub 	surprise
	Plan for tonight: packaging a couple of small and sweet silver pendants I made and send them off to their new home  	joy
	Awwww Casey doesn't have a hot bi sister 	sadness
	Oh my goodness That was an interesting however many hours that happened to be I don't wanna leave my family tomorrow 	sadness
	4 hour food technology exam today 	joy
	that moment when you realize what you want to do with the rest of your lifejust might be happening 	surprise
	Practice tonight need to find new music for competition season & this bitch thought she got rid of me I'm back )	surprise
	My boyfriend is gonna kill me with his awesome driving 	fear
	And my pudding's in 6days  RT Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	Such a boring day now I have to wait in the cold :( 	sadness
	Letters are the best things for feeling better 	surprise
	found her iPod after leaving it at a party a year and a half ago   wants a mention	surprise
	 The day I figured out almost all of my classmates knew my name but I didn't know a lot of theirs 	surprise
	happy birthday  If you come by the office today I have a present for you 	surprise
	Don’t play games with an  they’re far too intelligent and they’ll probably lose their tempers real quick this is so me haha 	anger
	is a legal adult good news for him good news for me 	surprise
	20 hari jelang bursa transfer Januari saya yakin Comolli sudah punya nama2 yg siap didatangkan ke LFC  belum diketahui media 	surprise
	One of the few people that cant go out because of work on thanksgiving 	sadness
	Welp guess every team in our conference is out cuz Reidsville lost! 	sadness
	Anxiety The elephant in the room that scares me shitless 	fear
	Dropping Magnus off at the vet to have his man surgery I wonder if he knows what's about to happen	sadness
	Just found a Twitter account dedicated to bad punning 	joy
	I'm not big on flying RT bocalegend: Sky 12? Wasn't that called Suzanne's Air Force at one time?	fear
	So confused Cant wait for Thanksgiving why do we have to go to school tomorrow!!!  Tweet	sadness
	yea learnt the hard way! when he got upgot dressedonly then did I tell him it's not morningu have 3more hours sleep!	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	From what I understand I have 5 papers due Monday? 	surprise
	On my to meet a sweet attractive princess for lunch It's so nice to feel loved once agian :)))))) All the is back in my 	joy
	Aww this weekend is gonna stink The TV died :( 	sadness
	Just read on   Squid's trip to the land of yes So overwhelmed w/tears That boy has come a long way!  	joy
	Hittin the train back to Toronto from a great weekend in Ottawa with my Sam :( 	sadness
	I AM bodyPROUD is a personal mantra empowering people globally to   Your turn!    	joy
	Demain gros carnage en ECJS heureux sont les gens du groupe 2 qui vont participer à notre débat sur  ( cc )	surprise
	Amen RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Mina and I would get really excited to play Mario Kartbut Sam won't go ask Ryan for it 	sadness
	Out of a 5 hour school day I had 2 lessons and spent 3 hours in the library ! *Nerd* ahaha 	surprise
	Lying in bedlost in my thoughts about how to do what I'm called to and love  in the midst/bcuz of it all  	joy
	 :)  RT TheLSnetwork: If money is your only motive I feel sorry for you    	joy
	:O Oh no! Hopefully her son writes some good Dragonrider books I'm a few (probably dozen) behind	sadness
	U bitches better b up when i get home or some1 is getting a wet willy from my willie also applies 2 Will	surprise
	I got two hours of sleep then woke up to  beautiful voice and had to come to work tahickling	surprise
	The USCongressional Super Committee failed 	surprise
	The best thing about thanksgiving dinner besides eating is me mom and dad cooking together in the kitchen!  	joy
	 I pop bottles cause I bottle my Emotions  at least I put it all in the open  	fear
	Little prepubescent rhino looking girl on the bus bullying another girl! What a tosser You make me want to mentally fuck you up 	anger
	 JUST CONFIRMED I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO LOOKS AT THE NBA SCHEDULE DAILY 	sadness
	Hate my brothers playing super mario bros with the sound on full what a horrid way to wake up 	anger
	Just remember you have to walk through a parking lot sometime and I have a car 	anger
	After over a week at the Grandparents putting up Crimbo decs am exhausted it's pissing it down and it's back to work tomorrow 	joy
	ahhh! Spencer just made me so happy! stop by my house on his way from practice back home! kajshkajlhdskljhska LOVE HIM SO MUCH!	surprise
	Tooday passed pretty quickly 	surprise
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	What a week 10 years since I last heard those fateful words hearing them a second time wasn't any easier   	fear
	Le chauffeur du bus vient de demander au mec qui écoutait la musique sur son téléphone d'arrêter  	surprise
	GCMF is going to change a new Page Picture on our Facebook :] ARE YOU READY FOR THE ? Retweet if you're ready :D	surprise
	no knobber!! Hard rock to get away from the  should I be looking forward to we will rock u then!? 	surprise
	nothing is worse than hearing everyone leaving for the football game while you are trying to write a paper 	sadness
	The Lion is not going to bite you my friendjust don't put your head or hand in the cage 	surprise
	Snow all around gigantic stalactites and this old woman who says : You wanna go to Erzurum? Crazy! It's too cold there! 	fear
	I'll be working in 2 different kitchens tomorrow in between a trip to Southmead 	joy
	Wonder how almost a whole week at home will feel  	fear
	I don't mind telling you I am absolutely fuming SOMEONE has used all my sandwich bags AND LEFT THE BOX IN THE CUPBOARD 	anger
	I am SO happy the new   came out in time for my birthday this weekend! My inner 7-year-old cannot WAIT!  	joy
	I hope  had a great birthday yesterday   	surprise
	Positive correlations and negative correlations Who gives a rats ass?! 	anger
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear not absence of fear ~    	fear
	So happy i quit smoking cigarette step 1 	surprise
	I've just seen/reviewed some crazy shit done in ASPNET MVC 	sadness
	sponge bob christmas special cookies and daddys coming home :) 	joy
	That corny shit played out b You done killed that shit 6 moons ago 	disgust
	I hate when you plan an outfit in your head and then you cannot find the article of clothing you really need 	anger
	Don't you just hate when a sentence doesn't end the way you think it octopus 	surprise
	Even better I get to work a party with Jackie Tarantola and then kill myself in a cars party 	joy
	Omw to my grandpas to pick up my daughter christmas money then headed to church! S/O to this awesome night service we bout 2 hve:)	joy
	The fear of the  is the beginning of wisdomdoing His will connotes His 	fear
	Don't let to rob your prayer life of the  it is supposed to have  	fear
	Av found my inspiration 4 poetry strange buh i gat 3 complete pieces already :o feel lik f*ing shakespear today!	sadness
	SERIOUSLY HOW DO I KEEP FORGETTING TO TWEET?! IT'S NOT A HARD TASK TO DO! MOTHER OF GOD!  	anger
	If i don't get the castle i'm  a starting a vigilante group 	anger
	lostening to paradise so many memories of last weekend gotta be the weekend anthem!!  	sadness
	Had a great birthday now tomorrow I'm getting my wisdom teeth out  	joy
	I'm feeling more blessed today than yesterdayanyone else there too?  	joy
	not an inch of artistic talent there! is a more descriptive statement 	disgust
	Don’t ever touch an angry person without their permission       	anger
	I'd love daylight savings an all if I didn't have slight night blindness 	sadness
	What tonight's class was supposed to be: professor swap What it really was: pop quiz 	surprise
	I hate working in the winter The shop's always really cold 	sadness
	haha we were honestly together five days outta seven all that summer Idk what happened :( 	sadness
	I hate computers and research papers 	sadness
	Bein at the school for 12+ hours a day 	joy
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	some  ians want to replace a military dictatorship with a civilian one to avoid elections at any cost 	fear
	Christmas shopping make me so happy! 	joy
	is momentary and not a very good thing People who make bad  would find out later in life what they missed 	anger
	People really should be able to turn their emotions off they just mess things up!!:(( 	sadness
	Nuvvila package in this winter season and going to watch the movie so soon	surprise
	im tweet for Trey  Jazzy at the same time  	joy
	time is too precious to waste on 	anger
	what if our very best days are our everyday ordinary days?  i think so  	joy
	saturday night and i'm raging hard about my work   	anger
	True courage is not the absence of fear - but the willingness to proceed in spite of it ~unknown   	fear
	new gift for myself via - excited for the holiday season - but being vigilant  waiting till christmas to use it: 	surprise
	 Take a  out of its environment  you have to claim it to bring submission as   is only territorial behaviour	anger
	Shutting  is  Shut down to the people who don't  you Stay  to the new  They don't deserve the 	anger
	How ironic that the idiots who arrogantly claim to represent 99% of the populace are opposed by 99% of the populace?    	disgust
	I hate sneezing Once I start I just can't stop Ah right after I typed stop I sneezed again 	joy
	I agree shocking management needs to have consequences! We will not be renewing our Box tickets for 2012 Season! 	disgust
	Christmas Christmas Christmas  I can't wait I love it Worldslongestcandycanecom  	joy
	I miss all the things I did I don't play trumpet anymoreI'm not singing 	sadness
	Thanks for choosing my message as yesterday's winner :D So chuffed! xx	joy
	TY Karen RT These ladies new to me but I bet you would love them  	joy
	Finally homenow off to the funeral 	sadness
	How the hell can DirecTV not have CSN! Can't even watch the  game Fuck! 	anger
	Nail polishes hate me tonight 	sadness
	Well I got 89% in my biology test and a C!  dreading maths on tuesday English speech tomorrow and a French exam next thursday 	joy
	Study all day tomorrow most of the day Saturday and Sunday 	joy
	 when you want to go out with the guy you like but tells you he won't be interested after its over 	fear
	The only motivation for me actually doing my make up work is so I can go back to cheerleading Didn't know I liked it that much 	surprise
	Whatever you do don't mess with my coffee 	anger
	In the mood to play and ? Anyone recommend it?	fear
	you have incredible talent!!!! Sharing your video with everyone :) 	joy
	did anyone else NOT go black friday shopping? 	sadness
	I don't know why I always have to bring up thoughts that make my heart hurt 	sadness
	time to start this research paper 	joy
	mockery  child banter isn't an effective way to present yourself in a serious issueoh you changed the subject! 	surprise
	hahahaha i never said she was the best lol and what if she is a freak on the weekend lol surprise	surprise
	oh shit oh shit danielle causing problems at golden stripagain hahahah	surprise
	I only tweet what's on my mind and shit that I feel nd will help ppl     	sadness
	Cant wait to see that lil goofy smile!	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Sometimes the worst things can be the best things that ever happened to me   	sadness
	maybe not if they hadn't make Rob sparkle like that in the film and kristen as bella 	disgust
	We are the first people at this surprise party 	surprise
	Sometimes pictures aren't the mirror of reality ! 	surprise
	The smell of a coconut scented candle from Yankee Candle burning for then first time since I bought it  	joy
	soAmazing_jalyn: IVE BEEN MISSING THE EDD ED AND EDDY MOVIE THIS WHOLE TIME !!   It On ??	anger
	I remember this feeling I remember me it for 6 years straight  now a year later it back 	disgust
	in Grand Rapids tomorrow? Missing it 	sadness
	Missed the bus :'( cold bored  on my todd 	sadness
	Some Congress people are trying to protect themself as if they are lossing election 	fear
	hoy ensaladita con pollo!!! con las bellas  y 	joy
	im well an truely fed up of my dogs doin there business in my room 	anger
	Getting up in 5 hours to make my mom breakfast 	surprise
	my heart just broke a little because i found out marcus collins is gay 	sadness
	trying to be a good person puts u off track from being the good person u naturally are   	sadness
	~all too often people mistake aggression for  even though the bravest souls among us occupy the weakest bodies~ ~	fear
	Happy birthday mom!! I'm home 	surprise
	:) rt Be the sunshine on a rainy day A smile a nod a grin of joyGive    to all	joy
	Sn00ki I was lucky enough to sit front row for the taping You looked gorgeous Sad you couldn't stick around for pics after wrap 	sadness
	ok nu moet ik van een bruine wol-bal-ding een zwarte piet gaan makenn d 	surprise
	Apple expect me to go back for a 4th time! Because they don't have any iPods in stock and have to order one Mugs! 	anger
	Herrrrrr lernen en daarna transformeer ik tot knip-en-plakpiet 	surprise
	Hahaha RT HopeyPhly: We call it RapeThey call it suprise SexReally?!!! Ya neh 0_o	surprise
	Also gatecrashing my friend Laura's radio show at 3pm Gonna be LIVE 	fear
	Roommate got the flu shot Has the flu anyway 	fear
	Nearly picked up the pot of chili to put on my toast instead of jam That would of been a nice 	surprise
	if believein in Jesus brings you  makes you a  person then I don't see a problem with it	joy
	yeah you'll never see it coming though that is the best part of it all 	surprise
	Writing a haphazard English paper to post rock is actually a surprisingly okay experience 	surprise
	omg police helicopter flying over my house 	fear
	Moral to the story? A little can be used as a huge  	fear
	My feather just fell out of my hair in the shower 	sadness
	it will be ugly! They gone be the team this year	surprise
	RT BestWorstAdvice: Want to let your parents know that you're gay? Tell them during Christmas dinner 	surprise
	I reeeeeellllyyyyyyy need to tell you something but guess what My go phone is fucked up 	surprise
	swimming in morning Little one till 1400 then off to watch footy with some mates Home n bed work 0330 Sunday u? X	joy
	Yess vandaag word echt zo een leuke dag met marly vianne isabel	surprise
	Yea I doubt you could come to New York too many anti-gun laws!!!!!! 	sadness
	LOLOLOL!!!! RT 1st_ClassAct: My grandmother won't let me step foot in the kitchen 	sadness
	My entire family is a bunch of liars but good ones at that: has landed a day earlier than expected! smiles ALL over!	surprise
	I personally think Penn State: The Joy Campus is catching on 	joy
	can't feel the Christmas spirit yet (( 	sadness
	The scariest moment is always just before you start— Stephen King&    	fear
	Brothers college graduation 	sadness
	It's such a cock tease to win the heisman and listen to less than impressive speakers	sadness
	the red kettle bell ringer is singing! it brings a smile 2 my face	joy
	that awkward moment when you realize you DONT love your life 	sadness
	Yoga final today!  ChrisBSharp	surprise
	I'm not an idiot- I know what a proper running vehicle should sound like   	anger
	lo gak takut pembunuh! Yang lo takutin adalah hobinya dia kalo lagi bete 	fear
	Factor tweetRT This looks disgusting but tastes delicious!!!	fear
	iPods dying but I can't find the charger 	joy
	Soooo much work to dohave not even left my room today 	sadness
	Critics Hate Ambition Lmao There On this nigga Wale's head 	sadness
	I hate that feeling when I think everyone is making big moves in life and I'm just struggling along with no direction 	sadness
	Be truly glad There is wonderful ahead! I Peter 1:6  	joy
	Cant wait for the day i feel the same RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	hates me It's official Any depressing status I ever have is due to the emotional bullying of him and his cruel words	sadness
	Schaatsabonnementen zijn nog maar een paar dagen verkrijgbaar voor 25 euro!! Wees er dus snel bij  	surprise
	Never once in my Engg life had I been to library Now here I am making it as a second home  	surprise
	ugh so sad now hopes can be built up  crushed in all of two hours 	sadness
	Did you know there are 26 states that allow cousins to marry but gay marriage isn't allowed?? 	disgust
	Mr Gee is obviously my favorite teacher 	surprise
	Can you believe the debt committee is predicted to announce that they can't come to any sort of agreement? Shocking I know 	surprise
	That would be great which of course means it will never happen 	sadness
	I just wanted to punch all my friends in the face to my dudes band 	sadness
	dish washer is broken got to wash all our dishes by hand now 	joy
	si infatti è così io invece voglio sempre crederci ogni volta ma tanto è inutile 	sadness
	The suns gone dim and the sky's turned black 	sadness
	I really want to watch every single disney movie I have but I can't because my VHS-player is broken 	sadness
	well thats funny cause i was just tweeting you telling you to make it to me YAYYYY! 	surprise
	Aww momma couldn't wait till xmas to give me my gifts she left them with a note on my bed 	surprise
	Watching the football state championship ): should be us	sadness
	OHMYGOSH That would be the best thanksgiving blessing I could hope for 	joy
	Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear -- Baruch Spinoza    	fear
	Es en noches asi q lo unico q quiero es hablar con una amigaaaa y nadie quiere nadie atiende lo q sea Me fui a ver awkward :( 	sadness
	I don't think there's enough time in the world for me to get good enough 	sadness
	Writing the Happy Monday presentation At midnight On a Sunday Not sure quite how happy it will be 	fear
	bubbs really wish I could bud my last weekend in Merthyr site so gotta b there like fkkk 	anger
	5 stages of  Grief: F*ck you NBC and your f*cking hiatus You're the worst 	anger
	New Career Path: History Channel Reenactor 	surprise
	Now time to write a 2 page ap world paper on something I have no idea about 	joy
	Beyond mortifie  Why did I think I could make it from my bathroom to my bedroom naked after the shower!? Hiya brothers mates 	surprise
	Excited for wednesday People are in for a surprise :) 	surprise
	Ask me what you want I prepare a little video for the end of the year ! 	surprise
	Already eaten mine and my brothers advent calender chocolate for tomorrow :s 	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Wake forest getting destroyed in basketball 	surprise
	haha yes mine said we would have champagne mince pies and a staffroom party afterwards 	joy
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future  Luke 9:3	fear
	Excitement is slowly giving way to terror  	fear
	Joke joke that was a joke! Don't flame me!! I used to work for an animal rights charity! 	fear
	I look at her pictures every night I miss her so much Why did I do this 	sadness
	Note to self Complaining about things at work always makes it worse! Oh look We got flooded cause a pipe burst! 	joy
	RT StunningHijab: If you are patient in one moment of anger you will escape a hundred days of sorrow  	anger
	Good nights fun in Captain A's with the lads  could of done without the brownie with 4x4s in the morning 	fear
	So it looks lke the Nuggets are taking over altitudetv Does that mean the Avs will be pushed to Altitude 2 for most game? 	disgust
	Also I was super close to buying a foosball table because it was such a good deal But I don't have anywhere to keep it 	sadness
	maybe you missed one letter while you were typing It's grey not  :)	surprise
	how can some take a picture of themselves half naked when they knw their figure is not in the right place  	disgust
	Sometimes we the decisions that are the most difficult to make They still must be made tho	fear
	Bout to make an appearance here at this tourny 	surprise
	Now I know why I'm so into him He looks just like this great guy I met back home except he's lighter 	sadness
	Don't have plans yet but I'm going to enjoy this Christmas like never before in absolute 	joy
	ya n conform news he didnt mock our thalivan 	fear
	Je suis foutu Les Québécois ont trouvé mon mail ils m'avertissent que je dois utiliser courriel dans mes articles 	fear
	 when i unpack my stocking from last year and theres still something in it 	surprise
	i made a stupid ass decision it friggen sucks i want a job so badly	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I'm stocked for 3 sewing projects I've decided to put the machine in the guest room so I can sew behind closed doors 	surprise
	I didn't get to think in English today and I was too busy doodling in Welsh to think 	sadness
	I wish she would just relax with things and trust me! 	sadness
	is easier because it is surrender I say make time to dance alone with one hand waving free ~Elizabethtown	sadness
	The feeling that u have knowing everything u worked for is hanging in the balance all depends on one meeting  	fear
	A blind man trying to find his way o the toillet  On a moving train stumbles a lil and indian woman mumbles hes drunk HES BLIND 	anger
	No Pan Am tonight T Swift is super awkward btw 	sadness
	Domani vado allo stadio a vedere il   L'  quest'anno non la guardo più Mette solo  	sadness
	It is necessary for me to watch Elf right now too bad it got deleted off DVR 	sadness
	Coming home from camp to a whole new redone room!!!!!!  	surprise
	My boyfriend left me for Germany today I won't see him for 2 months  	sadness
	i just finish painting nd did a lil something wit the left overs i left  a in  back yard	surprise
	Came outside and mi hair went poof poof 	sadness
	why so many Ciara and tweets today Don't take me back to my and my  times	sadness
	Glitter all over the kitchen tableit IS the most wonderful time of year!!    	joy
	agree with you about doubting the benefits of 3d Good for making money but ruins the experience of the film for me 	sadness
	nb $Gettin $ not ah Option doesnt Exist!!	fear
	Ive brushed my teeth 5 times sence last night and My tounge is STILL red 	joy
	shit nabura lht ng files ko sa USB ksama pa nmn dun ung mga pics ng  =(( un	sadness
	I'm making Tia watch a Serbian filmHAAAAA       : A Serbian Film is a family movie	disgust
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	my cobalt is a cheap piece of plastic and i want to catch it on fire 	anger
	College coaches The new Catholic priest 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	if I wasn't eating a granola right now I would have to pound you after that last tweet 	disgust
	Breaking dawnbetter than i thought 	surprise
	bits of chat coming back to me Hope all in same state as me no photosyet Chocolate fingers Right 	fear
	Sooooo done with studying I need a massage and a cuddle buddy :-/ mode	sadness
	The wind just sounded like a woman SCREAMING 	fear
	 the guy you like is at work and he can't text you back /3 	sadness
	Disparity drives people to settle in  and  NEVER settle for the FIRST thing out of the you may end up with NOTHING	fear
	I actually do get to do s send today but it's Comcast New England Sports Net meaning all Boston sports 	joy
	THIS DAY REMINDS ME OF THE FIRST DAY I EVER GOT PUSSY! 	joy
	performance with a comedian dell Arte during the startup competition o)	surprise
	Jesus Thou a fountain art& up within my heart& of and happinessSource of  bliss	joy
	Not looking forward to the release of uni results tomorrow  	fear
	Thanks I am so moved by the response But the real magic was seeing hundreds of people turn and see  	surprise
	is an obstacle that you can easily get around by simply paying no attention to it Retweet	fear
	When   knocks on your door remember you don't have to answer 	fear
	Die bal zit al bijna vol 	surprise
	what a great day! sepanjang perjalanan ke office diem dieman   oke jabanin sampe kapan bisa diemin gue !!	anger
	People talking bad about hoes is bad enough but when a girl is postin about how bad she is on FB you know good and well she a hoe 	disgust
	it'll be a surprise! im coming home and nobody at home knows! 	surprise
	Ewww people at BP are so smelly dirty !! Some kid threw up in his locker jus str8 left it there for a whole weekend !! *____* 	disgust
	Now for a lovely 20 minute walk home in the freeeezing cold 	joy
	Was hoping to eat a chocolate square with my coffee  WHY DOES THE CHOCOLATE SMELL AND TASTE LIKE PARMESAN CHEESE?!?!  	sadness
	Can't wait for my Everlast pink heavy bag  	anger
	This LONELY ass dinner  	sadness
	Thrice isn't breaking up But essentially they are ): The spring tour will be their last Oh my heart is crushed ): 	sadness
	Listening to someone in Smith sing  from my room  	joy
	Missed dance class today so we're decorating the house and tree today 	joy
	i love you tho  but jus k im nt mad 	surprise
	2)March 2009the market said : the opportunity was therebut COURAGE was missing The factor was too strong	fear
	I was actually on time to school today 	surprise
	Don't feel good and I got a math test 	sadness
	Some fake Thug told me its lonely at the Topguess he meant living in his momma attic! 	sadness
	Good day at the gym bringin that  and that  but leavin that 	fear
	My whole perception of people in general has changed this year 	disgust
	Ppl that wear sneakers with suits and claim the walk to work is their daily exercise u me	disgust
	Im gonna make a maroon 5 kandi bracelet! Waiti cant I dont have a 5 bead	sadness
	When really I'm not that heartless just know how to not care so much of being hurt	fear
	My Friend's dog just ripped a loud ass fart then looked at his ass surprised! 	surprise
	I really HATE feet  They meigh  Like real talk  Now im really out 	disgust
	I feel like I want to watch When Harry Met Sally  eat some Jimmy Johns Probably going to watch the movie but not eat the food 	sadness
	2    = make pleasant wonderful  right now!     	sadness
	The part where she drinks the blood is 	disgust
	i don't even understand the intro to this book 	anger
	I ain tink he face fat he maybe tryin to get it fat 	sadness
	Break! What do you appreciate most in your life? Sit with your gratitude for a few moments 	joy
	Am even angry oh!RT Namteerah: Bluepearlie: Why pretend we r coolwen all you do is ignore me	anger
	I really really don't knowwwwwwww but I cannot WAIT until we exchange gifts after breakk!! 	sadness
	Making dinner for the girlfriend!! 	surprise
	is nothing else than perverted  Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to 	fear
	Staying home today and getting all my homework done oh  making my christmas list!	joy
	Thanks for making my night special I consider as an early christmas present	fear
	Taking a break from studying just to go to yet another doctors appointment 	joy
	Anna and I are hanging with the Bailey Bunch at the U of M volleyball game   	joy
	Also my thoughts on Will's feelings may be me projecting my own feelings  	sadness
	happy sweet sixteen love you! 	surprise
	De toptweet van dit moment gaat over Xmas terwijl Sinterklaas de volgende weekenden al mijn aandacht gaat vragen 	surprise
	Ik heb zo veel zijn in vanavond ik hoop dat degene die ik heb er blij mee is En dat ik wat leuks krijg	surprise
	Just in a flash mob Check it off my   MereJ_192	surprise
	Best part about living in Portmore I get to leave my house at 6am! :D *sarcastic smile*	joy
	I'm not going to have a  based on - how many times does my bf need to repeat I swear BT makes him all weird-like	fear
	O btw country accent is cute to me Just thought I'll let y'all know that  	fear
	Only put out into the Universe what you would want to come back to you~ via/   	joy
	Hope my mom doesn't get scared that I'm home 	surprise
	I hate phone being dead!!!!!!! 	anger
	legs are sooo sore right nowguess I'll be ice bathing tomorrow :) 	joy
	Our turkey still had the head and feet on it and my mom didn't know when she opened it Best thanksgiving morning 	surprise
	do all of you gt spammed with Ipad offers from idiotic accounts out here making my hell	disgust
	Laying in bed so tired that you can't fall asleep Ya it happens 	anger
	still can't believe this guy i used to talk to is gonna have a baby 	disgust
	Coming home tmrw!! But dont get to see my baby till sunday night ): 	sadness
	Oh yes It would be so nice to be included on one of the fun trips! 	joy
	5 more tweets until I have 2000! This time around the  is coming with a rather than a mistake! What could it be?	surprise
	She Deleted So Don't Get If I Don't Talk To U Nomore!	surprise
	I have an appointment with a special surgeon today hahah 	joy
	Mac Miller was/is so close to meif I had a car	sadness
	Would anyone notice if they tore down the town of Reseda? MattJackson13: Will Reseda riot after  I win tomorrow?  	fear
	I should just say something NOW because we won't be here forever  take a chance I see something I like and I want it 3 	fear
	i aint gettin none tho lol i dont even wanna have sex this time i just need sum luvn lol!! 	surprise
	Love how Trapattoni only wants to avoid his native Italy yet Fabio wants to duck Spain Netherlands Portugal  France 	fear
	May this birthday offer you as much   as you give to all who know you  HappyBirthdayISF	joy
	Group meeting 15 hours early Can't wait to present today and rid myself from this bitch 	joy
	Raphael admitted on instagram he ate a whole box of chocolate today What a sicko  	disgust
	I need to sign a Non-Aggression Pact with myself 	anger
	Omo pastorRT MorpheusEnt: The fear of the  is the beginning of wisdomdoing His will connotes His 	fear
	 when i won the principle award 	surprise
	Aids test done! Attempt to look insightful at an international service conferencesuccessful! 	joy
	Lo que hace la necesidad  esa vieja lo que me da es 	sadness
	I love this trade for halos Sell high on unproven pitcher acquire OBP machine and competent defender at catcher DFA Mathis 	joy
	expectedly unexpected   RT EricaKLewis: When u unexpectedly get drunk 	surprise
	Na bijna 2 uur bouwen met dochter nu samen chillen op de bank we kijken Spykids leuke film! En een bak strooigoed tussen in -)	surprise
	Ap Bio grade just went up 2%  10 more to pass the class  Im definitely gonna pass in 1 week  1 day   	joy
	not gone lie i thought unc had a chance to go undefeated or at least only lose to duke!  	surprise
	That awkward moment when you're excited your boobs grew a whole cup size but it's only just your time of the month 	sadness
	Oh god I just got a papercut and now I'm afraid to stretch my hand in any way that could make it worse 	sadness
	Be the sunshine on a rainy day  A smile a nod a grin of joyGive    to all	joy
	I have no idea how I am surviving with marmite my OH hates it so he is glad we live in NYC 	sadness
	I hate traveling About to me on a wonderful four hour flight that only gets me to LA 	joy
	Early morning and a test 	joy
	Found a bottle of Pino that I had left in the car in june Cracking it open now 	joy
	I really can't be nice to some people without them getting the wrong idea 	sadness
	The class I thought I had a 52 in I found out I actually have a 92 	surprise
	My mom just texted me telling me she is in the parking lot with Moes for lunch 	surprise
	  haha I'm gonna make you a sign even tho you're our rival 	joy
	I'm so so tired But every time I wanna close my eyes I just ended up waking up again 	sadness
	up so earlymy family doesnt even know i came home or is home right now 	surprise
	Ugh  My break ovaa dat quick  Danq'Mayaaaaan    ' (:	sadness
	Cant listen to party rock without missing my kd buddies! 	sadness
	this year for the first time in my life I will not have a christmas tree in my home 	sadness
	Girl a picture of that book is in my Twitter pics lol Nah i haven't used itor rather tried it lol 	fear
	Haha very funny sir I got cute feet just too dang cold to rock them out RT flynupee: haha put them dogs up	sadness
	the emotion of a weak heart	fear
	It kills me when people have all these emotions that they just can't express in a mature manner 	sadness
	don't go for the most beautiful girl in the world go after the girl who makes your world the most beautiful 	joy
	Kapil sibal ji Digvijaya singh aur manish tewari bole to Sab rangila haiTwitterFacebook bole to character dhila hai	anger
	It's official: Kings Henry Feast is closed  lnvoge	sadness
	Watch for  in your inbox  morning  Big  in store!	surprise
	I had fail of a weekend Forgot laptop for  forgot samples for persil forgot figs for menswear Lol 	fear
	don't worry I'm good! Just carless 	sadness
	worried that ive done somethg grievous to offend my  trainer considering the sadistic training prog he has just done me! 	fear
	Tussen boterhammen vind ik een  van chocola en een blokje kaas van dochter herinnert me ineens weer aan 	surprise
	Muchos culpan y recriminan el armamento pero el problema del hombre no está en las armasestá en su corazón 	sadness
	I hope so I feel better n some way and weird n other U knw meds affectalso spider medicine making me dream of insects	fear
	 your phone sketches out and sends a picture to half your contacts instead of just one to all you receivers	surprise
	You know Brian's bed is really lonely without him in it He'd rather play video games :( 	sadness
	happy day before your birthday neil seanburke0623	surprise
	5 days in New Orleans 2 days with my GBF JimMaybeJames Maybe I'll see out and about in my mouth 	joy
	Dear tv channels if ur playing a sporting event instead of ur regular programming put that that's Wats airing on the guide! 	anger
	I said no to the same boy like 5 times last night! 	sadness
	Chaii RITA d devil is a lair o!GOD lol	fear
	I was so determined not to lose the first Chapstick I ever bought I have failed 	sadness
	the people i tried to escape from on facebook are now on twitter 	joy
	Grrr I've lost all necessary MicroSD's folders! Music pics videos wallpapers my research documents and handbooks for studies! 	anger
	I can help with suicide note  RT BrendaThoka: Sometimes I really really hate life  	sadness
	fibro_elo: every person interprets pain differently Prime example: fibro People w/fibro SHOULD know this   	anger
	I completely forgot I was wearing a pink shirt this morning Looked down and was expecting my grey pinstripes 	surprise
	ill wrap myself  up and put you under the christmas tree 	surprise
	Is it weird that I have a of typing in the wrong thing when I know I was typing too fast and sent it w/o checking?	fear
	just looked at my youtube channel and noticed my extended version of 'levels' has almost 22000 views haha 	surprise
	giving shows how much you love the people in your life  	joy
	We have one working internet cable in our room My roommate says it's hers and on nights like tonight wifi is down and I'm screwed 	anger
	should i tell u im coming over or just show up and prepare myself for the worst   hahah 	surprise
	Aww! never reply back my mention! :( 	sadness
	Mother fucking bullshit They put me in the god damn middle seat This is gonna be a long fucking flight 	anger
	Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass It is about learning to dance in the rain   RTInspired_Ones	joy
	by the time friday night comes around i'm ashamed to admit i'm basically too tired to have fun  	sadness
	I thought i was going shopping not playing Daniel Boone  	surprise
	Ok now im scared   Im the only one up in my house   I guess im going to sleep  	fear
	Ok wie weet er een website waar ik een redelijke bouwplaat kan krijgen van een starwars schip kan krijgen? 	surprise
	I Hate Monkey See Monkey Do ME	disgust
	know how to deal with racism and goal line technology you Swiss bastard! 	disgust
	The of slipping on ice and busting your lip open with your teeth Ahhhhhh	fear
	But when he saw the wind boisterous he was afraid  and beginning to sink  he cried  saying Lord save me Matthew 14:30 	fear
	My family does not know I am coming home for Thanksgiving! 	surprise
	bud had a madden gathering and didnt invite me 	fear
	Miss out on this wks AMAZING Msg by ? Go2  championscentrecom click on Livestream/WatchOnDemand  	anger
	belnesba lwazeer el dakhlya ba2a isa da eh wala eh ??	surprise
	When you're on a role don't forget to Thank those who gave you a pushThank You! 	joy
	Fucking annoyed can't find my debit  and they credited my credit card bill for tomorrow so 35 dollar fee -___- 	joy
	it's just a shame you don't realise how much the system drains you  	sadness
	maybe i should stop being weird when im bored in class so people stop laughing at me 	sadness
	sadly I'm already on the train home Time to hook the marantz up and see what material I've got from the last two days 	fear
	Shut the fuck up! Honestly you need to calm your tits 	anger
	Sure mom i would love to clean the fuckin house wasnt planning on going anywhere i was just walking to mar car for fuckin excercise 	joy
	Learning count on me in guitar! 	surprise
	I hope this isn't one of those forever things 	fear
	Fuck man another great one bites the dust  RIP Patrice O'Neal joerogan	sadness
	Throwing away opertunaties that I can't afford to throw away My own fault 	anger
	As if out of all the days i have to go in on my day off to do an exam 	joy
	Folks it's   Shop till u drop  them wait 4 the at the end of the month (bills)  Shop wisely!	surprise
	good lad where you going?! Think I'm up pure 	surprise
	Traveling in the car (Franklin) with alisonmoffitt listening to Sufjan Christmas music and reading some Kierkegaard 	joy
	hey chicka i don't think im going to be able to make it to the church thinging :( moms sick can't find my phone 	sadness
	home for the end of My Best Friends Wedding 	joy
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	How in my wildest dreams am I going to get £14000 to pay for my sister's fees before monday? As an entrepreneur?  	fear
	Tech is as invigorating as ever is near asleep  	sadness
	Just received the best visit ever! Thanks for making my night!!!   you all rock!	surprise
	bout to be a very educatioal weekend for me ACT and hw 	joy
	hahaha love that tweet Ha why do we hate him so much	disgust
	Have seen Fashion WYR Kaminey and yet her gutsy approach to Susanna took me aback PRIYANKA in 7 Khoon Maaf  	surprise
	My little sister is going to university next year I'm terrified! cc: 	fear
	“AA9_Era: Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes -Drake NP”please don't be scared of meListen to more milli by drakeandbirdman	fear
	home girl sorry to bust that bubble of yours but  retweeting you don't mean I like you 	sadness
	Just lost my wallet for the second time in 3 monthsI'm about to punch a hole in the wall 	anger
	GOSH! I miss football so much! 	sadness
	Last unit of pickleball in high school 	sadness
	Missing someone special today! 	sadness
	I was suppose to be sleep 2 hours ago but I'm not so       RT if ya'll are true tweethearts!!!	surprise
	Sitting watching tv then walks into my living room 	surprise
	if you've never seen message in a bottlegood  	sadness
	Amen! I'm better than that RT dont never let a bum steal your 	joy
	Happy upcoming Birthday huny ) RT Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	thanks James I'll speak to them Unltd has to be the way got me That caused another issue with them as I'm a high user 	surprise
	 leaving all day! of telephones is disappearing!	fear
	I don't know how but I think I lost my pair of Vibrams  Sighs 	sadness
	You find me whispering lil saint nick Lil saint nick to myself today  	joy
	Those single seats available 4 the Boston game r behind the Bruins bench C'mon fans put your $$$ where your mouths r   	fear
	I still play All-Star Baseball 2004 and 2005 on PlayStation 2 I can keep Reyes on the Mets there 	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	think this was 4 RT MaxwellOwusu the way i miss u lot eh tell Obaa Yaa i'm coming home FIFA 12	fear
	 will never be so exciting and so intense anymore since the sunshine already voted out :( 	sadness
	their are spies everywhere but the fruits are so big and the land have giantsbut the lord told you to take the land but you have 	fear
	Saying that exams are next week I dub this Friday useless and will officially be no fun  	sadness
	Bringing my cousin  his friend to jingle jam  they get to see drake  i dontt ? 	joy
	Going to baby sit the boss' kids!  but 	joy
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Brought Duncan to the black friday urban sale hahahah 	surprise
	A bachelorette party came in to The Local with a cheesehead with a veil attached 	sadness
	I think I'm the only person in btec dance today 	joy
	 out loud it helps cleanse your mind    	sadness
	Actually went to classpaid attention today I'm sad that I just realized that it's a pretty good class 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	EATING A 1KG TUB OF STRAWBERRY YOGHURT BUT MY STRAWBERRIES ALL SUNK TO THE BOTTOM 	sadness
	Surprising twitter less Brooke and Sarah for their birthdays  them 	surprise
	haha I'm guessing you've never experienced an Aussie summer before? :D 	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 when people chew their food obnoxiously loud!!!  	anger
	Ludiek cadeautje voor weinig euro's gevonden en opgehaald! Gedicht van 4 kantjes is nog niet klaar maar begint vorm te krijgen 	surprise
	Me pa heeft mij en ik me pa gaan gewoon ruilen 	surprise
	It's some sick people in this world messin with lil boys 	disgust
	BWAHAHAHAHA RT EJAY71: Thinking while in bed crazy how close you were to someone and you look at them so differently 	disgust
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Whoops! You already tweeted that YES TWITTER IK I WANTED TO TWEET IT AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 	anger
	You look like a damn hooker Put some clothes on! 	disgust
	heb net nieuwe oorbellen lipgloss faundation en veel meer :D	surprise
	Anything worth is definitely worth sum 	anger
	“SWHS_Tae: Ctfu I still ain't get it back im supposed to get it back tomorrow” 	fear
	I saw the world without any borders in my  I was flying under the sun above the trees no just  Dreams are my reality	fear
	My favourite comment of today from my dear boss You don't have any time off booked in the next 3 months do you? 	joy
	As I type I get texts baby is fine (moving  heart beating) Since she is O- they've given a RH shot to be safe THE BABY IS FINE! 	joy
	No lady starbucks is not your fucking living room so put your shoes back on and sit up in that chair 	disgust
	The main people you look at forare the ones that  bread on your name! 	sadness
	Having fun learning Christmas songs on the guitar lol 	joy
	Hope the Australian tour doesn't end up like the English one 	fear
	What is most painful about is that it inhibits movement at precisely the time that truth demands action	fear
	What the hell has happened to the online LA Times Crossword puzzle? 	sadness
	Not going to black Friday this year! 	sadness
	IVE BEEN MISSING THE EDD ED AND EDDY MOVIE THIS WHOLE TIME !!  	anger
	If I can only get the damn thing to render 	sadness
	is the weapon of choice used by bullies  cowards who feel powerless-2 control  manipulate others 4 their own means	fear
	25- la journée de ski à  et une pour nos premiers  à 8h30 devant les caisses de Crans  	surprise
	Nick just officially left for Tennessee 	sadness
	Kinda upset didn't hit 120 this trip 	fear
	My mom leaving out for work me in the hse by myself 	fear
	the awkward moment when victoria's secret isnt saying what their sale is gonna be --	anger
	This cat is hooping in a famous hat  fila's  	disgust
	Love Skype being able to do my job with people all around the world ! Back to Your Blueprint for Success in 2012 	joy
	Why does walmart have 20+ registers yet less than half are open on a daily basis? 	anger
	sometimes when i think bout you i want to beat the shit out of your face so everyone can see how ugly you are inside and out 	anger
	Les choses vont mieux mais je dois toujours croiser les doigts pour que ça continue d'aller mieux 	fear
	this 19 yearold eats 30000calories a day   ohmygod  	sadness
	Games I love to play on the original Xbox: Buffy Voodoo Vince Games I don't have for original Xbox: Buffy Voodoo Vince 	sadness
	i forgot to put product in my hair last night  today 	joy
	About to go attempt to take our Christmas card picture at the Xmas tree farm  	joy
	don't worry there for the Christmas party Along with some other treats I'm making 	surprise
	9hts later my grade school team pulled it together to get judges choice and move on to S Tx championship  	surprise
	iTunes has to be the most annoying and complicated thing ever! 	anger
	I've got little kiddies coming over My two little cousins - so adorable Problem is I have SO much homework 	sadness
	here's a good joke: verizon customer support!!  	anger
	First drunk person spotted withing 2 minutes of being in the city 	surprise
	Dear ladies at the next table little do you know that I do in fact speak spanish and can understand everything you say 	surprise
	Going to bed happy for oncethat is until I think about how I have to work tomorrow 	sadness
	Hope your team is not a factory of sadness today  	sadness
	When Gamestop tells you that you have 2-day shipping they really mean that in five days your order will still not me shipped 	anger
	Wow that was totally a job interview 	surprise
	My dad didn't call to see if I wanted to spend Thanksgiving with him 	surprise
	My glasses actually broke yesterday so now I'm blind in my own home 	sadness
	Apparently the millionaire owners of the company I work at are to cheap to hire a janitorso it's my turn to clean the bathroom today 	joy
	A great obstacle to happiness is to expect too much happiness ~ Fontenelle  	joy
	Scratch movie night plans have to go babysit all night! 	joy
	That moment when you finally accept the truth that you aint shit to her and you never will be 	sadness
	Break! Someone has been kind to you when you really needed it Remember their kindness  feel it again 	joy
	bout to take a bath relax listen to sme ♪♩♪♩ and wait on my )	surprise
	My sister is home! YAY VISIT	surprise
	Its them  's  that hollers COMEST THOU  -ably?! DO GOOD=mustnt fear do bad the ! Rom13 	fear
	My mama's on a health craze!! Wheat bread wheat pasta and salad for dinner! WHYY?? 	sadness
	Off to Mexico for the best Birthday ever! Thanks to the most amazing girl!  	surprise
	lots of things bring me like my bed but I have to say Christmas  I love it especially when I'm with family! Xmas= 	joy
	Yep oh btw Going to B lunch wont help the fact that its a A lunch cypher!	joy
	SO JEALOUS! I bought the new one  can't read it till Friday 5 	sadness
	Knodding my head to Salif Keita this morning and overriding ckeditor's flash plugin It' stripping % from width/height attributes 	joy
	Rememember that feeling when you was a kid and u opened a present to receive clothes  	sadness
	I don't have a tacky winter/holiday sweater 	sadness
	Good news:  leak is not the dishwasher  Bad news: probably a pipe that will require drywall removal to attack  	sadness
	wow bram vdm was superblij met zn cadeautjes die die van mij had gekregen x 	surprise
	Cant find my under armour to go for a run  	anger
	yeah my phone's deadand my chargers missing from next to my bed 	surprise
	And so the government drags the SA people - kicking  screaming - into the Dark Ages Enough already!! 	sadness
	Hmm I don't hate Finn's voice in this last song 	surprise
	I can't believe I'm saying this but Room 112 by 112 is a big ass simp album 	sadness
	Ben aan het maken  Spectaculair!  Maak er  morgen wel een foto van  Is nu nog  geheim!  Full  color  printer  is  erg  handig	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear - not absence of fear Mark Twain   	fear
	Slept from like 6:30 to now so i prolly wont be sleeping tonight 	joy
	from being stranger to friend and now from being friend to STRANGER!! 	sadness
	Cant believe I'm going to miss my training session because the bloody bus broke down 	anger
	thankful 2 God 4 all the angels He surrounds my family with Don't know how they keep their wings tucked under their shirts!  	joy
	Living in is not understanding that w/ Christ there is the promise of a new start letting go of fear is holding on to Christ	fear
	Sometimes your  are made for u your path is laid out in front of you Take  push urself urself  be happy	surprise
	Long ass day 	sadness
	 RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Yeah I can't load my funny pic of Cam and his twinkie :(  	sadness
	Not having to get up and go to work this morning was one of the best things to ever happen 	joy
	my sister-in-law grandmother is dead 	sadness
	I'm at fucking work on my fucking 15 minute break YAY!!!! 	joy
	The family is the bedrock of our society Unless we protect it with the institution of marriage our country will fall  	fear
	 I wish love was like volleyball You'd call 'MINE' and everyone would back off  :(	sadness
	Am not suprise total defination of what we rep in Naija always dont wanna say the truth He is a weaklen simple RT biblicious	fear
	Mad at you Mad at you Mad at you Mad at you Mad at you Mad at you Mad at you Mad at you Mad at you 	anger
	wow walk away for a few minutes and the  are a head 	surprise
	Twitter changgedddd just screwed with my head a little	surprise
	If I'm making a mistake well I hope I'm not 	fear
	Breaking news Joe Paterno has treatable form of lung cancer how much worse can it get for Joe-Pa 	sadness
	Just knowing that factor OS coming back makes my whole entire night :)	fear
	Black is no longer beautiful to the masses in world where we are surronded by artificial hair bleached skin and fake asses 	disgust
	Please pray for me I'm going to poop without my phone 	sadness
	Omg jk I can't fail tomorrow Just got back up to study more  	fear
	I just fucking hate everything at this moment     ?  	anger
	Shut the fuck up go hang round with your 9 year old pals jsjsjsbnjdosbsis	anger
	Just like drugs can be passed from mother to unborn baby so can blessing and curses -   	anger
	Lian heeft zo  met de dames en ik blijf thuis om samen met de mannen film te kijken en biertjes te drinken	surprise
	been home for the past 45 min and iv been working on homework :'( break is so over 	sadness
	i'm at the family location quite frequently You are either working or your Dad doesn't bring you 	sadness
	2 hour car ride 	joy
	God please shine your grace and mercy on this oddly looking lady that's about to cut my hair Great Clips!	fear
	People that don't know the proper way to use grammar 	anger
	If yall could have seen the total look of on my face Yall would have been like  wrong wit you?!?!?!	disgust
	Precalc pop quiz tomorrow -__- 	surprise
	Zo voor vandaag klaar met een begin is gemaakt:P nu zorgen dat hij voor volgende week af is	surprise
	two day calc test begins tomorrow 	joy
	I KNOW RIGHT?! my mom is all like HEALTHY FOOD HEALTHY FOOD ASLKFNEKRJN 	sadness
	setting up my grandpas tv with my dad x_x 	joy
	No walking dead tonight 	sadness
	We'll see May be a -Miss will jus have to hit me up later to find-out!!!!	surprise
	I Do Believe That There's A Love u Wanna Share ' I'll Take Good Care Of u Lady Have No 	fear
	School til 9:15 tomorrow and like 10 on Wednesday 	joy
	u are one feisty angry little asian tonight aren't you    RAWRRRR	anger
	I wish tomorrow would just skip! tomorrow I have to give a speech D: and do my ethics presentation! D: imma die bro! 	fear
	this hair color has gon cray cray! 	surprise
	ever been SO HIGH you stashed weed and found it later! 	surprise
	Couple of douches in the back row for  and shitty sound guys were kind of distracting A bigger venue is also needed	fear
	The average adult spends four years of their life suffering from a hangover that is and today ha ha!! 	fear
	BARRY SCOTT IN JAPANESE AND FAST FORWARD  xxxx	anger
	Learned a whole lot today Thanks to Mrs G Stoked for first Tuesday    	joy
	Break! A FedEx guy is knocking on your door He has a box for you Sign for it  receive it! 	joy
	Getting put on more medicine so I can feel just the same 	joy
	Normally mih free tym wud be tlkn shit  gooffin around wif dah one i love buh l8ly it's been full of 	sadness
	excited to go home but scared to fly 	fear
	Youre discipline is a joke You are destroying NHL hockey Really? Youre going to suspend Sutton for a hit like that? 	disgust
	Une salle d'attente chez le médecin Un mec Moi Du Cabrel à la radio Le mec me fixe depuis 5 minutes 	fear
	That moment of when your teachers want you to act like an adult but your not allowed to go to the bathroom 	anger
	Anti-abortionist on Today choosing to ignore solid evidence that undermines his case 	surprise
	Those who look to Him for help will be radiant with joy no shadow of shame will darken their faces Psalm 34:5 	joy
	legally we can  the government for many things           	fear
	Writing Christmas cards 	joy
	Amelia does shout a bit - singing with Kelly makes it more obvious Great stage presence though great together  	surprise
	Hate snakes so much can't even watch them on tv 	fear
	Hopefully dying my hair tonight (: gonna be a muhahahah	surprise
	Wish I could have seen live in concert for days :(	sadness
	5 more hours then back to base :] 	joy
	Big shout out to my brother Colby! Turning the big 6! Crazy how I turn 16 and he turns 6! 	surprise
	 sounds amazing as always I should really find a way to watch the product	fear
	somy boss told me today that I am on vacation next week! I had no idea I had another week of vacation this year 	surprise
	I did mate Had fish and chips he asked how wasI just looked to the floor and shook my head 	sadness
	when a friend goes out of his or her way to be there for me True friends are few and far between but we all have one	joy
	I feared messing up a good thing and messed it up trying not to mess it upsmh 	fear
	the giants disgust me wasting grass like that      	surprise
	Nothing like the holidays even more opportunities to fight with your family 	joy
	Même pour un vieux film rien que le trailer a réussi à me dégoûter Et j'ai même pas pu le regarder en entier  	fear
	The fear of being hurt in a relationship usually causes you to stay single or fear getting attached to a person  	fear
	Snel eten maken dan vanmiddag maar eens maken met de kids voor school School houdt je zo wel bezig! Wat zullen we eens bedenken?	surprise
	Its crazy how the pizza man can show up faster to your house then the cops can 	sadness
	he just needs to admit we are in love did you see his face?? 	disgust
	I'll miss watching Buehrle on the south side He was my favorite White Sox player 	sadness
	Embrace emotional uncertainty It's called 	joy
	Dad's going to Hidalgo tomorrow and I can't go because of finals 	sadness
	ahh damnit  - first thing you've not told me :( so excited for the though!!	surprise
	And for my I would like to dedicate my first game to  :) happy 3 months	surprise
	not living up to my FULL  potential	fear
	Omg I hate it when you get a txt from someone that can make you feel down when your life is going great! 	sadness
	For me this isn't just a dream but a bitter reality 	sadness
	Ready for chaos Someone called in sick before the holidays 	joy
	Determined to make my mom's birthday great cause she'll be all depressed since my dad isn't here 	sadness
	After my time here in college west I have come to the conclusion that asians like to include mold in their diet  	disgust
	phones getting fixed finally this is why you shouldn't whip your phone at a wall 	anger
	pfff toi et vous ne faites vraiment aucun effort pour me caser 	sadness
	Ah shit music exam in less than 2 hours 	joy
	THE JERRY SPRINGER SHOW ME	disgust
	I shall try and keep warm by Going to the mall with my best friend for the very last time before she moves 	sadness
	Deconstructing the latest Dexter episode 	surprise
	Season finale of  tonight 	sadness
	I don't know why I even try studying for chemistry it will always have the same result the test will rape me 	sadness
	in one's heart  some laughter on one's lips is a sign that a person down deep has a pretty good grasp of ~Sidey    	joy
	Sub-$3/gal gas is a good trend 	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Decorating the entire house with christmas cheer for my mommy 	surprise
	hahahah yes jeff said he left those behind for you  there was half a sausage too but we trashed it 	surprise
	i was there in soho one week ago i feel really blue now  	sadness
	After tmrw you won't have the pleasure of my positive bubbly smiley presence! What are u going to do?? 	sadness
	Rememberlast year we were all already excited for the XFactor to see the boys sing I miss those times :( 	sadness
	no its not for u uve got the peanut butter one and thanks for letting the world know what ive got my sister! 	surprise
	everytime I come home from work at nite I sprint to the house 	fear
	Indeed we from our Lord a day frowning and fateful 76:10	fear
	Gonna have to delay some experiments and be in all weekend 'cause i fucked up  	surprise
	 having my heart brokenI hope to never go through a pain like that again 	sadness
	I remember when i used to spend my whole day with my best friend but now she'd rarely talk to me : / 	sadness
	did I mean to this? My heart pains to hear this 	sadness
	Can we define ride? My imagination is running amok Oh! And soon  can cut and style my hair too 	joy
	I need to wash my Car asap  its been raining n I ain't washed it n 3weeks 	sadness
	Gonna have an absoulute mental and emotional breakdown if them tickets are sold out :/ :(	sadness
	Mera bi lai laiti hain ami waisey =D magar phir 3 days baad wapis daiti hain Ya tou one week 	sadness
	Home from a long fun day with my girls college Now it's time to get down to business  start studying for my sociology test tomorrow 	joy
	Irritated I'm still not shaking this feeling Shouldn't it be way easier than this? School for the rest of the day and then work 	joy
	Mufasa! Oh god oh no this is like the 500th time he's died You think he would het smarter and climb on to the ledge with simba 	sadness
	I swear we're cursed! ♥RT Lulu_Kinzz: One Of Those Heart To Hearts With TeE_LoUche !!! 	sadness
	morning babez! headed to the 413 bright and early for brunch with the fam! 	surprise
	I AM a circle of lightsending  of vibrant   2 all  	joy
	Everyone else is getting ready to go out and I'm getting ready to start ny hamlet questions 	joy
	““not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	-Please remember all of the bigots and religious ignorant that have filled the world with and 	fear
	oh fun time to study for science 	joy
	when the only people who  on twitter are your gf her best friend and a little man 	sadness
	“LizRose82389: starting a Yoga class in late January if anyone's interested” you know I'd be down lizzard! Too bad I'm not closer! 	sadness
	Way a great way to start my day Threw up everywhere and I still have to volunteer 	joy
	I have always told hubby I could do FACTOR but after watching a few old episodesSMDH!	fear
	I hate watching movies set back when women didn't have rights They never get to be with the men they love 	sadness
	 I enjoy outdoors swimming and really engaging activities not just computers and games like everyone thinks I do	surprise
	coffeered bull 	sadness
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	just as MLK fought for blacks to have EQUAL rights so do homosexuals According to the bible we should still own slaves! 	disgust
	 MY Closest Friend Fucked me over 4 my Ex  believed her lies I will Never forgive nor forget such Treachery for  	anger
	It took alot for me to say Hi  wave with a smile on my face But meh I know now you don't care Ended waving at a rail post :( 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Lots of nice things today but meeting an old colleague in my new place of work was tops :)	surprise
	boring day have to run errans for me madre 	joy
	My ex a quadruple hoe!! Sumbodi need to gne stop playin w/ her Lil scaryDA LOUDEST DOG N DA POUND KEEP HIS TAIL TUCKED N HIS ASS!! 	fear
	I'm silently cutting tomatoes at work WISH I HAD THE BALLS TO CUT MYSELF  	sadness
	That awkward moment when you find out that your voice sounds like a raging homosexual's voice 	sadness
	did that this morning except it was one of those weird revolving-door types  	surprise
	Need to get better real quuuick! I got a bus to catch to NYC on Friday to see my biddies   	joy
	I'm sure the Olympics are going to be great but London is it really necessary to undertake any more rail engineering works?  	anger
	I hate wen dudes act like dey dick big knowin its lil 	surprise
	what time is it???  time?? LOOL no not a chance 	sadness
	TY Vivien Yes it was geat! Its Saturday Be lazy be free or just whatever life gifts you Best Wishes x   	joy
	ah thanks lady! but unfortunately i already have my homework command station set up here 	sadness
	Could you give me url for live stream? 	fear
	ugh I can't leave twitter but but need tooo -- 	sadness
	Generation Y would rather work in pharma than in fashion! 	surprise
	im actually in a decent mood this morning 	surprise
	Akon comes with changeable bar colors Look in the box !!!	surprise
	GOSH DANG IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I'LL BE ON THE BAND TRIP 	sadness
	i like to turn the volume all the way up in my parents' suburban and change the satellite to dance music before i turn it off 	surprise
	Bought an e-machine from a friend  Cheap but the motherboard was fried 	anger
	Was really really really really looking forward to hanging out with someone special todaythen I realised it was tomorrow 	sadness
	The steelers are such a dirty team  and their QB is a rapist 	disgust
	Up early going  on a unitplan all dey like IDGAF NS on Friday for a monthlong break of school Thermal Physics  Bio class in Jan 	joy
	The saddest words to me would be inconsolable devastated anguished desolatecheerless forlorn lost bereaved and undone 	sadness
	I hope the zombie apocolypse starts on black friday weed those people out first  	disgust
	I hope the Cards letting Pujols go works out as well as the Pack letting Favre go Thanks for the championships Albert 	sadness
	Thank You Justin Bieberbecause of you future generations are gonna be singing shawty at Xmas which isn't even a fucking word 	anger
	I love when my RA only enforces the quiet hours rule when SHE'S sleeping but when she's having a fucking party its okay 	anger
	   YA SAY IT'S YA BIRTHDAY!!!     HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YA!!   	joy
	so the whore wants extra meat sparktography	surprise
	It honestly makes my day when callers tell me to have a blessed day 	surprise
	Today: Do not sorrow for the of the LORD is your strength” ~ Nehemiah 8:10	joy
	At my grandparents surprise anniversary party! 	surprise
	Joy Is The Best Name So Simple So Pretty 	joy
	Life is so unbelievably short - most of us don't even realise it! 	sadness
	I literally am going to jump up and down and scream whenever this last public speaking presentation is done 	fear
	Big day of school ahead of me it's that group presentation time of the year 	joy
	“Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort” ~  ~ Franklin D Roosevelt	joy
	More people public speaking than death  	fear
	Guys who spell correctly and use big words What a gem 	surprise
	 more days in Sydney then im NewZealand bound Last trip before study mode next  	sadness
	My Xmas tree is too big for my apartment 	sadness
	A computer error made my bank charge my car payment twicea message says that they're aware of that and not sure when they can fix it 	joy
	my dad's butchering my christmas tree 	sadness
	Yes!  Wise words Feel the and leap anyway Do the thing you thought you couldn’t do  via 	fear
	I'm literally finding stuff I've been looking for since the 9th grade but I still can't find what I'm looking for right now 	sadness
	In The Most Perfect Situation of My Life And I Had To Leave 	anger
	All im saying is if that deal goes through I will be a happy man Goodnight twitter if I awake to Carlos Tevez trending on twitter	joy
	Well I just cut Jay Cutler from my fantasy team 	sadness
	You know i spend money cause spending time is hopeless 	fear
	is rememered  and  is projecting it into the future  comes from pain with blame Primary pain creates 	anger
	Such a sad day when my first boss and owner of Newberry's one screen theatre dies 	sadness
	ouais en titi! Lol gonna be able to take pills and have no more pain in my knee :D 	joy
	gonna be the big 2-0 not that sweet little girl that used to make me buy her dunkins every morning 	sadness
	Goodbye Farewell So Long 	fear
	I probably did have homework over break but im just not gonna open my bookbag til tomorrow at school 	surprise
	When we got back our home tonight the horrorit was missing a dog in our garden It had jumped the fence!It's a neighbor who found him 	fear
	we need an excuse to make a cameo at a dinner party 	surprise
	Heb een lolly gekregen met 12 lolly's erin en 18 chocolade munten  kleine cupcake (lipgloss zit er in) en zo'n beestje ofzo xD 	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	thank god this is my last class but oh wait i still have to stay at school until like 9 tonight 	joy
	I'm sorry my blanket isn't comfortable enough for you that kid isn't  so what if he eats his scabs	disgust
	we do my is I don't wanna mess upbut no doubt McGill is a good school I just don't wanna live in Montreal lol	fear
	Ontem fiz trança embutida com o cabelo molhado e quando fui dormir fiz um coque ai agora soltei o cabelo e ele continua molhado oO	fear
	there's tremendous power in the  i speak blessings wealth success and in my life!	joy
	Tonight it's going to be a looooonnnggg night Didn't do any b day homework over the weekend 	joy
	Amazing day!!  Hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful Monday!!    	joy
	Apparently it is possible to have too much ice cream :( 	sadness
	-Never regret anything that once made you smile 	fear
	Finally got to see my beautiful sister! 	surprise
	Keep wasting my time go ahead 	anger
	Nå står det bare èn fyr i kantinekøa han er sånn smålig chubby langt hår og volvo caps Ja han kjøpte cola 	surprise
	eternal eternal for josh  pls   	sadness
	I thought this would be worse but it's actually not too shabby 	surprise
	Silently dying while Twitter explodes with posts of and  	sadness
	So excited to preform my Movement project tomorrow Get ready Its going to be insane 	surprise
	When someone falls asleep texting you then never responds the next day 	sadness
	ugh sick to my stomach once again 	surprise
	YEEEEEEY thx God for the antivirus and the flash disinfector my files are not shortcuts in my hard disks :D burn in hell viruses h3 :D 	joy
	Secret that's not so secret: I'm terrified of getting an endoscopy but the time has come 	fear
	He's bringing  to the hopeless giving His heart to the broken and sharing His home with the orphan He is the  He is my 	joy
	Almost every girl on my TL vex tonight 	sadness
	it's eightttt thirtyyyy Mrs Mac talked to me this morning  	fear
	Eww I hate hearing people eat Sitting in a room with three people eating plus two dogs = 	disgust
	Commence week of stressing headaches nearly throwing up not eating or sleeping 	joy
	It is not possible to cure a fear of stairs by taking it one step at a time    	fear
	I love when my dad fills my tank :)	surprise
	and loathing my man fear and loathing -H S Thompson	fear
	So sad that I'm missing  -___- 2nd year in a row! 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	just opened my orch folderand my huge black brigadoon music wasn't in it 	sadness
	-A mere rhetorical statement Undefined Like life itself 	fear
	the moment when ur dress wont fit cause ur butts to big 	sadness
	here I am at work on pizza sunday There's no pizza 	sadness
	This game should be called words with old friends or words with new enemies I always make people so mad - 	anger
	wooww i told u not to take pics of me in the locker room :/ 	sadness
	Just taking on  in a classic game of worms!!!!   just nailed two of the little mugs	surprise
	Great introduction back into Seattle tonight 	surprise
	The time has arrived for to strike in the hearts of the fans I can't wait 	fear
	Church with on a Monday night with kristinmcox  I love that technology allows us to hear the message!    	joy
	I love when I'm asleep and my roomate comes in and makes a lot of noise and turns on the sink like it's Niagara Falls  	anger
	What's going to happen when we pass the watershed?? 	fear
	My mother ask me was I coming home because she was having company I should bust right through the damn door 	surprise
	Ant i hope im one that you RTthe brow to everyone who thinks thay can match ant he the shizzzzThe Legend meets the  	fear
	Textiles actually didn't go as bad as expected 	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Could happily die but wouldn't die happy 	sadness
	Sometimes in life u just have to DO IT holds people back from doing so many things!	fear
	My parents are the ones that make me late Not me 	surprise
	Early morning  silver-white w/emerald thru you 12X-build pillar up/down/around-walk as yr pillar-breathe  	joy
	les francais ne voient plus la France comme un AAA?:) bretones	surprise
	looks like he's crashing at his parents who gave up his old room for the family dog management needed	anger
	PnP loses any sort of even remote association with credibility when it has a virulent goof like Flanagan on the show 	disgust
	In the past two years Oregon has 83 TD drives less than 2 minutes long Ohio State has 93 offensive touchdowns in that same span 	sadness
	cooking dinner and drinking a beer and reading submissions and leaving for vacay in two days 	joy
	I'm hungry  tonight with Dazbrooks Don't know what the food theme is 	surprise
	Need to get some new trainers and canvas's and clothes fank god its near christmas!!	joy
	i'm not even close to having an idea for my essay and all i want to do is lie in my bed and eat french fries 	sadness
	People can act so  sometimes Through their  and their mind becomes clouded	anger
	So my twin brother is out with some girl named Azizah while im here at home with bibik  	joy
	I think about you baby and I dream about you all the time 	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	living in my room so I dont infect anyone else 	joy
	leave it to me to bump into an old lady and scare her half to deathhahahaha HarleyAnnLovesU	surprise
	I miss my boyfriend even more == Hate it when I come home late  I miss my chance to see him or even talk to him on the phone ! 	anger
	We're having class but I'm not going to do anything important and I'm not going to wrestle you if you don't come in -professor me	fear
	Jordy Nelson has 'white receiver syndrome' Everybody thinks he's big and slow 	surprise
	Ver capítulos de Boston Legal  :) que sea la última temporada :(	sadness
	I can't it's finally happened aaah I'm so proud of her I can't wait 2 c her 	joy
	I live Christmas lights! Especially colorful ones :) 	joy
	hit the ref in the nose with my right fist 	anger
	MT thelisagraves: OUR tax $$$ buying tear gas  repression so 1% who dont pay taxes dont have to hear dissent from 99% who do 	disgust
	Dissecting a pig's heart and a rat today 	joy
	No better way to spend a rainy Sunday morning than updating the  Environmental Working Group Activity Plan 	joy
	OMG! Was seriously craving some samosas  was about to go  buy some when my dad showed up w/ a bag full!& !	joy
	Ur leaving me behind lying to me about why u never reply to my messages But I'd rather tell twitter then tell u and lose u 	sadness
	About to watch the last episode of arrested development with 	sadness
	Depressione post-tour Dopo una decina di date in un anno :(	sadness
	A la pause Créteil perd contre Villers-Outreaux (District) en Coupe de France (1-0)   	surprise
	Have to get checked for a thyroid or blood sugar problem 	joy
	Luisteren naar die presenteert op  vandaag niet via AM maar wel via www  Rebecca StJames	surprise
	Klaar met hobby'en ! is af :o) ! Result kan ik nog niet laten zien ivm volgers waaronder de ontvanger dus ff geduld 	surprise
	when i lost my momma i lost my  but  came and  niggas did to but stayed far back cuz he knew they was 	fear
	fuck session tomorrow 	joy
	Erm the elastic one is a man That's probably not a vagina! 	surprise
	I love when the kids I'm babysitting make a scene in Chick Fila because they can't have icecream 	joy
	Just got my fortune told I'm gonna marry a slightly over weight man with blonde messy hair and a braided beard :( 	joy
	If we believed that someone wanted to take care of us maybe we would believe in taking care of each other   	fear
	Oh how I just want to annoy poke  jump on her bed again 	joy
	What is Chris brown thinkin with blonde hair 	disgust
	Today I start a health and safety course Hopefully by the end of it I won't be a boring person 	fear
	Krallice's new album is awesome why was I such a fool to pass this up earlier this year  	disgust
	Close ur eyes an open ur mouth 	surprise
	:) RE:    did I mention this fresh destination also provides a dedicated room for the studio!?! :-P	joy
	Services are robbing bastards Have you got free WiFi? Costa guy yeah should just pick it up automatically Doesn't work 	surprise
	How do you just lose jeans?!? I have been unsuccessfully searching for one of my pairs of jeans for like 3 months!! 	sadness
	Life is full of fake peoplBefore you judge them	disgust
	Sit at the bar: expect to watch ESPN Sit at the bar become updated on Jerry Sandusky's child sex scandal 	joy
	Communion next week! Blessed beyond! Now to spread god's  by giving the  of Christ in every student!  	joy
	Love/hate relationship with rain today: It allowed me to take my first weekday nap ALL year but cancelled my evening plans 	sadness
	Only 1 more week of school left before Christmas:) 	joy
	 asan na yung MO?wait nmin kahapon paheheheh  LANG	surprise
	:( I'm in Alexandria with hosanna Oh my goodness am I depressed   	sadness
	Hahaha RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Meanwhile the commute in  is on hold while a train rolls through during rush hour 	surprise
	Dog food doesn't taste like food at all! 	surprise
	like God didn't breathe life into us for US 2 Draaaaag thru the day!  	joy
	if I told you it wouldn't be any fun It might not even be tomorrow 	surprise
	 because vengeance is free but the price payed takes work 	disgust
	would it offend you if when I listen to otFailure (the song) I'm thinking about girls?	fear
	Don't believe the lies look me in the eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Adventures class is getting outt of hand they got us zip lining from 40feet in the air of heights  this class is done	fear
	Got crap load of junk I think my feel are swollen 	joy
	Trois jeunes engagés politiquement à gauche pour le  Globalement d'accord sur les questions économiques 	surprise
	ooh look at me i keep copy and pasting jokes off websites because i'm a dick 	anger
	I wouldn't be either if I were youRT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	je sais pas j'ai vu Ups livré 2 fois je l'ai vu sortir mes colis entre le tri et le je jet car c'est pas celui là 	fear
	wait a minute  knows how to tweet? 	surprise
	Dude i'm LATE ! jte retrouve sur le tapis de course !	surprise
	I hate finding something to watch on Netflix that makes you cry when you weren't expecting to 	surprise
	true oh gah next thing we know they will find twitter and take everything we are saying literally and seriously 	joy
	When fun things are happening the day you have to study for your final :( 	sadness
	RG3 cut the small talk next time and just get to the winner cuz we all knew who it was gonna be	surprise
	Bored watching tv I need a more exciting life I hate sitting in my house alone!! :( 	sadness
	£28 until the 23rd and £20 is going on driving tomorrow fuck me im fucked! Christmas shopping on Christmas eve it is again! 	joy
	Just received my iKlip from and discovered some SMARTIES  other goodies in the packagetalk about a sweet 	surprise
	One of those nights when all I wanna do is listen to my iPod and hide under the covers 	sadness
	“I see it i see it bol RT Deb_DoesItBetta: lol yeah I totally meant you (see what I dud there?)” lol	surprise
	OUR tax $$$ buying tear gas  repression so the 1% who dont pay taxes dont have to hear dissent from the 99% who do  	disgust
	Who'd have thought Arsenal would be the first (and possibly only) English club to qualify for the knockouts 	surprise
	If I find YO panties in my Laundry Basket  you had Skid Marks inside them????? That's   	disgust
	Als je rug vast zit kun je haar misschien nog leuke kerstsurprises gaan brengen  	surprise
	Early night for me I can feel me and the forklift becoming good friends tomorrow 	joy
	these ads that come on the side saying flirting has never been so easy man why is the world filled with desperate people i say 	sadness
	best stat if the night Kyle only getting mad at the refs 3 times 	anger
	FACTOR KUMMIN BACK ONN ICANT WAIT	fear
	Putting up the Christmas tree and listening to Christmas music! 	joy
	Ah fuck just found out I have work tonight Oh yay T_T	joy
	you are hot i love you forever wish you were sleeping over my bed is empty 	sadness
	A cheerful look brings joy to the heart and good news gives health to the bones Proverbs 15:30 	joy
	Can't even describe the anxiety I have at the gym when I pull on the locker room door at the exact same time someone is pushing on it 	fear
	Ugh  The illiteracy rate of Memphis  	disgust
	ew i was only busy for like an hour you'll be busy for like 4 	sadness
	Well the House of Representatives went from tax cuts for middle class to the threat of bio terrorism Of course 	fear
	Ma folle mi la Martinik pren douvan Miss Guadeloupe! Mouahaha! Sois en fière! Krkrkrkr! Sous le choc!	surprise
	Note pour plus tard ne pas freiner trop fort quand la route est mouillée 	surprise
	my mom told me I couldn't play because I still had to write a science essay 	sadness
	Stupid law examin suds till the 22nd 	surprise
	So wants to hit up Walden Galleria for Black Friday  	sadness
	Wat? Dat Boy Brees Ran Da Boy My Nigga In My Houston Voice lol	surprise
	1  lossless MP3 file 32mb WOW!! I didn't expect that  	surprise
	Who knew a letter could make you so happy! 	surprise
	One of my favorite ska bands coming to DC I can't go 	sadness
	In the car parked at GSP waiting for Mandizzel! Listening to under the mistletoe album! Truman cheer myself up! 	sadness
	Guess I'll be holding onto my damage surveys from now on and people can kiss my assor be an asshole and ask for authorship 	anger
	I wanna try all the adventure experience in forever and a day moviehahamabuhay p kaya ako?haha of height	fear
	Wonderful time eating Christmassy food and listening to Christmas music and watching Muppet Christmas Carol with my friends tonight! 	joy
	Love spending time with daddyuntil he starts farting 	disgust
	 to for being the 70th follower!!!! my associates will be contacting you soon about your prize!!! 	surprise
	Replaying moments of that dreadful week in Augustfirst time I've really done this  I feel some of the pain all over again 	fear
	I hate when Twitter doesn't allow enough characters for a meaningful tweet )	sadness
	BREAK YO' SELF NIGG I DON'T WANNA SEE YO' GOODIES -_____- abaaabyy	disgust
	  is an unecessary  layer of bad interpretation Dnt fuel the fire return to whats present here Follow me	sadness
	cool there's not shit to eat 	sadness
	Het ministerie van Financiën was verrast toen oktober 2009 bleek dat  een  in  was Als je  is alles een 	surprise
	ah I'm glad :D and oooh quite glad about that aswell their both fit D and noooo don't want jason to go 	sadness
	Yay chick fe lay sweet tea! 	joy
	Tanning then lib and classes for the rest of the evening 	joy
	UM I know how you feel bro Was up late last night drinking it and thought I was gonna die 	disgust
	lol a day in the life of a ryerson student haha its funny if your walking with some1 from out of town 	surprise
	I'm about to throw my phone off the eifle tower Need an iPhone 	sadness
	This bus smell like sweaty white men 	disgust
	Oh the things that catch me off guard 	surprise
	Listening to my gospel radiobouncing off the walls 	joy
	has me bad for the 2nd wkend on the trot lie on til 12 is a must	fear
	Bye bye direction la salle squat hack squat ischio etc 	fear
	Lord help us all Baby Boy is comin on BET!  	surprise
	My life is being consumed by work I work until midnight on the weekends now Kill me social life gone 	sadness
	my rolex finally got to the right time so I had to sleep in it to keep it rolling in fear it will stop time again 	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Night all have to be up at 5am to catch train to Cardiff! 	joy
	you know I'd say lets take a shot and cheer to bitchz but I'd rather stay classy instead of those trashy hoes 	anger
	is coming home to the scent of hot mince pies fresh from the oven  and sneaking one before she notices!	joy
	 my favourite colour is blue And I have 10 tattoos 	surprise
	i want your  card! i wanna filled xmas card all over the living room walls!   	joy
	oeeh dat is wel een leuk idee :) maar wel moeilijk c 	surprise
	nobody to talk to on twitter today 	sadness
	Well I embarrassed myself in my dance exam 	joy
	My cat is trying to kill me! She tried to claw my face she lay on my chest then almost made herself comfortable on my face 	fear
	O M G ! alvin  the chipmunks came on the radio playing there Christmas song ! 	joy
	logo logo estarei ai so pra te ver 	surprise
	I just realized I did the hole front page of my math wrong-_- and I dont have a stupid pencil with a stupid eraser 	sadness
	 your memory decides to erase itself and all your finals 	anger
	May each  season remind us to lift up our voices and fill our hearts with and  that  has come! :)	joy
	Pizza Hut just delivered my pizza 20 minutes early AND it is one of the top five best pizzas I've ever had from there  	surprise
	When his family makes the final decision Still in the planning stages for coach	surprise
	Zo! voor school van zoon is klaar Zoon heeft ouderwets het gedicht met de hand geschreven puntje van z'n tong uit z'n mond	surprise
	2 weeks until you have to visit people who never visit you the rest of the time and eat turkey that isn't as good as Our Sharon's 	joy
	Tu me juges et me condamnes sans me connaitre c'est bien pour ça que tu vas me perdre -(( 	sadness
	Oh my god the bus driver misses my stop then spits his way through a conversation moaning at me Speak english you slavering twat 	anger
	I have a huge of snakes coming out of the toilet	fear
	is a bad asswatch out tweeter world has come of age 	fear
	if i see another nigga wit my name and he aint crispy or cool i look at him in 	disgust
	Right if you don't do jungle why the fuck are you going in? you twat 	anger
	My lips are on fire Guess I'm putting clothes on afterall :/ 	sadness
	Today is gonna be nuts at work 	joy
	Can't stand helping people and their mouth Mouth smells like ass 	disgust
	Feelin a bit sad tonight 	surprise
	2 mac books have been stolen in my dorm this week 	joy
	omw too school  got a field trip  	joy
	I don't understand! what was gonna end me?! 	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I don't even know whats going on Things have folded 	sadness
	Bloody phone! Won't connect to the internet properly ¦ 	sadness
	Just shed a lil tear kuhz evrytin hannin et sku ryte now Thank God aftr 2mrw break 	sadness
	That moment when you give a fuck with someone even though it already hurts 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	the most recent project for art is drawing a portrait of someone which I've already done first Beyonce second 	surprise
	I hate this class I hate school I hate Mr Pruitt! Learn to talk! Go kill yourself writing	anger
	omg em menos de 2 semanas agr que eu me toquei! It's gonna be amazing! Party all night (88'	joy
	Rt“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	-) RT QweenRay: who knows what tomorrow night will bring!! 	surprise
	Stuck waiting for bus to Eccles now I can see this taking about a hour to get work 	joy
	Sometimes I wanna take your head and ram it into mirrors Because in the shattered reflective pieces of glass I can see your pain 	anger
	Setting My Alarm On For Tomorrow  	joy
	christmas tree hunting with the fam 	joy
	you had me until the validation link for my email instantly expired and I could not attempt to try your software 	sadness
	I think I just about pissed my pants oh middle school:) 	joy
	Thanks for all your lovely messages - we will announce today's winner tomorrow Have a - filled evening! x	joy
	Nothing would satisfy me more then to see the light leave his eyes and to know he no longer draws breath 	anger
	Wow I literally just lost ALL respect for you 	disgust
	I'm so tired and I hurt so bad! Pulled my hamstring or groin 	joy
	Ways To Make Me Happy 2encourage folks2go beyond appearances! Look within Use   as a catalyst 4change! then EXECUTE ur DREAM!	joy
	My empty tummy feels like a black hole of hunger and cold   	sadness
	They're such drama queens Don't have to worry about shit They're just using it to bring attention to themselves 	surprise
	Tomorrow looks to be a Coke day! Boom baby  	sadness
	how dare u bring that up She was a nice girl I was drunk and forgot Ur playing with fire little skey 	anger
	When bitches see you havin funn or even smiling they'll try n steal your Bitch go suck a dick thats what you good at !	joy
	Fantastic Expectations Amazing Revelations 	fear
	I remember the first time I seen that Blue Waffle pic 	disgust
	Je sais où je commence la soirée mais je sais pas où on va finir O__x 	surprise
	New theory: if everyone started their day w/ hot cocoa and marshmallows the world would be a more joyous place 	joy
	I don't have hair wax to do my hair tomorrow 	sadness
	FUCKING STUPID ASS AFTER EFFECTS NOT RESPONDING &  	anger
	my family is the absolute best and they love not only me but and as well! !!!!!!!	surprise
	Ooh a nice winter walk with the dogs followed by a long hot soak in your Divine Calm Serenity Bath powder 	joy
	Wooo! Macbeth essays are finally written Just have to learn them all now 	joy
	Time to tidy the messing office! 	joy
	Man this day can go FUCK its self already  And its not even 8'o'clock  	joy
	as I only have a PS3 it's the only thing I can play it on but I would prefer that BC2 disc :) 	joy
	To the indian family watching a bollywood classic of some kind please buy headphones Please This is a train not a cinema 	anger
	my friends nan just sent me the most disgusting message 	anger
	poor person who gets your blood they're gonna feel it lol 	surprise
	Dear ASU please invest in bigger cereal bowls Sincerely my tuition is paying for mediocre sizes 	anger
	Sitting alone of a broken down bus 	joy
	ohh  well I cant even go cause my mom took the car back :( CTFU	sadness
	The Pack is putting it on us and my boy is running a fever 	sadness
	House full of warm food and happy faces 	joy
	No college football today 	sadness
	I'm really sucking at SMB3 tonight Haven't beaten the first world yet and only have 14 lives 	sadness
	Party game! Only one more day in drama  	sadness
	After Doug's sermon on Peace this morning we start observing the third week of Advent: Joy  	joy
	I should never be allowed to pick out movies Ever Goodness! 	sadness
	prepare for the reality that counter terrorism is here to stay   	fear
	Disappointed to find out my christmas dec's won't be up when I get home 	sadness
	It's times like these I wish we could vote every single member of congress out and start again  	anger
	I think my friends and family are going to be in for a big in the near future	surprise
	Wow listening to guys give advice to their friends  	disgust
	Come back on y'all next year 2thick lol y'all thought I couldn't get no better 	surprise
	Life's better when you share it with others especially when they don't know what can give them fulfillment 	joy
	Teenage girls that have sex so young me	disgust
	That was gay for that stripper on atlanta housewives to suck his own youu knoww 	disgust
	being single for the rest of my life and never being able to start a family to share my success and accomplishment with :(	fear
	Wasn't it great when you found unplayed credits on your favorite arcade game?! 	joy
	Grr another horribly grey day -_-	sadness
	Rememember that feeling when you was a kid and u opened a present to receive clothes  	sadness
	I want to see what life is like without fear! What can i achieve if I weren't afraid!!? 	fear
	Yeah WOOTWOOT! I should get that easily! Unless I get cold feet O_O 	fear
	If I were to step out rite now 75% chance ima run into traffic mind its 4 am 	sadness
	Reminiscing on good times by looking through pictures I remember all our jokes and the day we met We used to be inseperable! 	sadness
	Some people just don't understand the concept of biting 	anger
	when my little brothers friends ovoo him and I answer LLS 	surprise
	Ugh cars scare the shit out of me 	fear
	Right here we go for the 6 hour drive down south to the in-laws 	joy
	That feeling of being LIED to then hearing another LAME LIE when you ask about the first LIE!!! 	disgust
	I KNOW I should finish this book  get it out there but I have all these other ideas that are much more exciting! 	fear
	Mon voisin de train d'hier soir s'est sifflé 7 bières un paquet de nicorette et a communiqué avec sa vitre pendant trois heures 	fear
	ugh it died again and my bootleg charger isn't working anymore :-(	sadness
	iPod touch 2g dying-on/off top acting up 	sadness
	Last class of the semester! Leaving early to go back to NY and surprise my  mom for her birthday! 	surprise
	In the gym this morning Xmas tree afterwards then a nice 4-12 shift at waitrose 	joy
	Last christmas carol show 	sadness
	when the fam was washing all the dishes I went  dyed my hair 	surprise
	close a window open a door success is getting what you want and wanting what you get 	surprise
	is momentary madness -Horace	anger
	Home alone for the first time since summer 	joy
	MAC MILLER LIVE IN MARCH W DJ L-MOTION!!!!! DAMBURY CT 	surprise
	There is one common parallel with finals week: The more you study the more you eat 	joy
	Ure a Dummy! But u knw thatRTXesivKuSH: Hahaha RT HopeyPhly: We call it RapeThey call it suprise SexReally?!!! Ya neh 0_o	surprise
	 lets hear it  sleep with josh someone let's hear it  	sadness
	Waking up early to curl my hair 	joy
	Je suis là ! 3 RT MullerPrettyBoy: J'ai une pour toi donc tshek quand t'es la 3	surprise
	Crying so hard right now Drako killed the FUCK outta Dumbledore 	sadness
	= Forget Everything and Rap Goodluck to all those who entered the weezy comp as for me I'm chilled with that	fear
	I feel like that light going out was symbolic of our hope dying 	sadness
	Joy and fear share the same pathway in your brain One cannot exist at the same time as the other Which do u choose? DraytonBoylston	joy
	Head of horror FuckMadonnaUni:  when no footballer wanted to risk contesting for a ball in the air with Bensela of Head	fear
	The Christmas shoes song is playing at work All I can think of is and JoeyRichter  	sadness
	uscire di casa con 60 cent con la convinzione di prendere un bueno alla macchinetta e trovare la fila dei bueno vuota 	sadness
	rest in the bosom of a FOOL!	anger
	Popping my  cherry + sitting outside Best Buy It smells like straight up PISS 	disgust
	ten seconds ago I made my CD containing my soft copy of   I freaked out the min it was out of the laptop 	fear
	HAHA oh lottie you're just too coolD nah i'm gonna fail my biology AND maths    :S	anger
	omfg what have i become?! listening to ADELE on repeat alone inb my dark room 	sadness
	Verschoven naar andere datumkomt eigenlijk wel goed uitbezig met planning verjaardagsfeest zoon die 20 wordt  )	surprise
	I can not understand  or  I don't understand  or but I do understand one thing 	anger
	Working on an art project for a class  If only all of my homwork consisted of such things Wishing I went to an art school	joy
	I feel like we  on leading  lives becuz we're so consumed w/ of  that life becomes about running from it	fear
	Ho appena finito di fare l'albero di Natale con mia sorella! Così quando mamma torna lo vede! ^-^ 	surprise
	I'm tired but its way to cold to sleep! Ready to head back to Bethel tomorrow and finish my last 3 days of student teaching 	sadness
	so aren't coming to Atlanta on their NA tour next year	sadness
	Is there a fine print under each tuition fee saying May use up 10-15 trees per semester Ink fees not included? Cuz fuck that shit 	anger
	Had to leave my friends for my theatre class 	sadness
	Ugh the rain has ruined my toms nooooooo 	sadness
	Let me guess Brian Adams is releasing his Greatest Hits for the 13th time  	surprise
	“kevinHulsmans: Next year at farnese vini”  good luck next year!!	surprise
	happy early birthday girl we  youuuu more! 	surprise
	Laura!!!!!  when do you work this week?    we're coming in to see you!   we havent seen you in like forever! 	sadness
	-__- Sony Vegas made my entire computer freeze up 	anger
	Hold up! Did I really miss Robyn on  ?! I'll be in the corner crying	sadness
	Bahamas in a week!! Thank you mom and dad:) 	surprise
	Want to go on x factor and sing Hound Dog On another note pinterest needs to sort itself out 	anger
	The honesty in my music has left me too exposed 	fear
	I feel a certain strange surging thru my soul yet it feels so off-limitswht do I do Wht Is there to say? 	fear
	I have the day off tomorrow but ill be doing homework and studying all day!  	joy
	Not only is Guitar Center a depressing place to be they've got jack all for Ludwig  	surprise
	All day I'm  for  to shatter  Join me	sadness
	That akward moment when you think someone's facebook status or tweet is about youbut it's not 	surprise
	Découvre ce matin l'univers de Jean-Luc Mongrain  et son univers ressemble beaucoup au mine 	surprise
	Waiting to start the last show 	sadness
	It's always a little frightening to stick your hands in the pockets of a jacket you haven't worn in a year  	surprise
	Lol G'Night  GOD BLESS my friends!!!  	joy
	En moet voor dansen nog 250 besteden heb al de helft van 5 euro gebruikt  know what 	surprise
	Feeling the birthday love! Thank you 	joy
	Think I've found the receipts for my Christmas presents on the kitchen table spoilt the already	surprise
	Thank's to I've sorted xmas presents for five of my favourite people in one fatal swoop 	joy
	Hahaa RT DatNiggaNoah: Chelsea i reject you ever meeting any of these teams in the near futureGod forbid	fear
	Happy thanksgiving :)  thanksgiving breakfast then my game Last cheerleading game of the session 	sadness
	Dear TV why is it everytime I find a show I love you find some way to ruin it ur a JERK!     =(	sadness
	Found my notes when I was experimenting with lucid dreaming I can But it scares the hell out of me  	fear
	   - leave it all behind  enjoy life InshAllah!	fear
	My life is based on a true story 	sadness
	Oh my Pulled a Just bought the new GaGa  Tony Bennett Duets Found music in my cloud I didn't realize I'd purchased 	surprise
	The only reason I check my email at school is to see if there is free food anywhere 	sadness
	Dad close the door when you piss No one wants to hear you're waterfall 	disgust
	How come you guys never play Billy Talent or Our Lady Peace anymore? 	sadness
	Hier wordt hard gewerkt aan een voor j met visuele handicap Veul knopjes :)  	surprise
	RTFina11yMadeIt: Everyone is gifted but some people never open their presents!!! 	sadness
	Awesome toy sale! We were able to help 30 + families equaling 110 kids! Thanks to All who helped!  	joy
	ya en casa despues de una noche de jangueo maximo en la ahora a comer algo y a descansar que a las 2 hay que comer en casa de los iaios	joy
	Apparently Phil is taking me out on the town tomorrow night in PGHto eat somewhere special? for once I haven't figured it out 	surprise
	'It will rain' isn't that bad of a song?? 	surprise
	Bus driver wrote up some dude for being a constant problem Wow 	surprise
	I worry if I will receive tomorrow 2 points It will affect study under the literature 	fear
	Just learned my SIL's grandmother died yesterday She was 103 	sadness
	I'm going to have to face it I suck at statistics and always will 	sadness
	that awkward moment when your tweet is about me and you're thinking since you don't follow me I don't follow you 	surprise
	missed the Victoria Fashion show for Soccer 	sadness
	i feel like Chopping down a tree	anger
	I dnt open up a lot to my partner as much as I shouldis letting my guard down  yu not gaf  hurt me reason why I dnt get attatched	fear
	Preparing stuff for my december special thing :D       	joy
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	Giving my dog a bath 	joy
	UGA matches up with LSU MUCH better than Arkansasnonetheless it will come down to UGAs ability to run it and stop their run 	surprise
	Up at 645 on thanksgiving to drive to some random town in Mississippi 	joy
	Of course nobody wants to see Kobe and Paul together! but they allowed Lebron wade and bosh to be together WTF	fear
	Happy Hannukah! RT BestWorstAdvice: Want to let your parents know that you're gay? Tell them during Christmas dinner 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	“Eden_Lynn: Lmfao I woke up this morning and woke her up and she started moaning surprise” oh I heard it! smh	surprise
	Thanksgiving is a time to be thankful for your family Fuck that I hate my family   	joy
	i love having perfect days on a monday 	surprise
	My Mum is so stingy that she put water in my Bacardi and coke Just to save Barcadi 	anger
	the aim of the government's campaign is to make you wholly obedient question always question: who profits and who loses?	fear
	tell veloce Tell her french fucks people up and computers alike!  	anger
	shanedawson: I had no idea that you had a girlfriend It's sad that it ended ): I'm sorry  :/ That video almost made me cry )': 	sadness
	i just narrowly escaped being left solo with 2 children 	fear
	UghI feel ugly Wait! I am ugly = ( 	sadness
	I know geeessshhh This long distance isn't working 	sadness
	My heart and soul is leaving me and I can't even see here 	sadness
	sore throat  I feel sick to my stomach 	joy
	RIP Harry Morgan Thanks for many years of laughs on M*A*S*H   	sadness
	My House Number Start W 399 but hers start W 396  She just live up the street 	joy
	made myself listen to the radio on my way home GARBAGE on every station	sadness
	Not a good few days by any means    never felt so alone in my entire life compared to right now…  	anger
	Pastry shop isnt open today uu	sadness
	Van twitter af eerst  zo en dan Gezellig!!	surprise
	Looks like tomorrow's gonna be a great day after all! 	surprise
	Comme au match aller un CSKA sans génie subit la loi des Lilloisjusque dans les dernières minutes?  	fear
	It's me and one other lady in the office today -_- cant I just work from home?	joy
	I don't wanna live like my mother I don't wanna let rule my life	fear
	Going out for a wander with the wee man BB stuff to sort out 	joy
	March should be a good month if all goes to plan 	surprise
	I love hearing people laughhhh 	joy
	I hate the way you have no phone Call me when your up 	fear
	Afraid to love something that could break 	fear
	My Dad gives pretty good dating/boy advice 	surprise
	I guess you can say I'm officially single :(	sadness
	On an All American Rejects grind 	surprise
	I love making lil kids upset it gives me 	joy
	had an arrangement w/my brother go south I was supposed to end up getting a tablet an that's not happening anymore :/ lol	surprise
	I intend to have a reading binge once I get everything cleared away 	joy
	Question: Do you live in a world of or 	fear
	I'm so afraid I'm going to fall on my face in the commons one day 	fear
	That happy blissful moment when the realization hitsI have chocolate in my bag! 	joy
	Wow for 'super girl' KARA !! 	surprise
	in case anyone from NK was wondering is still a psycho 	surprise
	woohoo I got Ed Sheeran's album Motion In The Ocean a magazine with a 1D poster in it and a 'chocolate letter' :)  	surprise
	mijn voorziene plannen van morgen vallen net als die v vnv in het water maar keb nog een plan C ) 	surprise
	ended up being front row for four year strong even though we got here at doors 	surprise
	Has they day off work :) spending it wrapping Christmas presents you're gonna love yours 	surprise
	Lol Have No DRoss Is Here! (Hero Voice)	fear
	What good is life if you don't take  Push yourself come out of your   see where you go you'll yourself	surprise
	RT«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	5 Stages of grief waiting for to shut it down:     and   	anger
	Let the baby sleep on your bed and what do you get? A wet bed 	anger
	Nick-o-teen time 	joy
	 is even wezen shoppen in  voor een stoute  cadeaus! Wat een ACTION! Nu nog een en een 	surprise
	“teemabeema: You dudes that eat girls out when they're on their periodsyall meI mean that from the depth of my soul” 	disgust
	I sit next to a person that i can't stand in english 	joy
	Santa Clause isn't real some people think cucumbers taste better pickled  OJ did that shit 	surprise
	ew its going to feel so awkward sitting next to someone you don't like 	disgust
	Unlocked my house door and there was a kitten sitting in my living room  	surprise
	Happy Tweet:  When you've got joy on board discontent is thrown overboard  Happiness is the best of all life-extenders    	joy
	Thanks for the the RT's and comments guys  Trying to decide where to post the set I'll let you guys know 	fear
	Rihanna  Chris Brown head to head againoh shit Rihanna   lol	surprise
	zion is awake  and i have yet to finish all that i need to 	joy
	watch out world i have a new thing to bake and it's coming tuesday 	surprise
	we'll have a long chittychat on Skype soon I have a migr tonight so I'm going to sweep ASAP  	sadness
	Wonderful christmassy evening with friends seeing Kate Rusby at the Barbican AND she did 'underneath the stars' in the encore! 	joy
	Have no Eddies here  for hire contact me directly for my services EddieSantanaVIPgmailcom 	fear
	Lot of things planned nw   of a friend visit and cake  	surprise
	I have no fear for fear is the little death that kills me over and over Without fear I die but once 	fear
	you know i haven't had  all christmas season 	sadness
	Turns out pancakes aren't the only thing good smothered in butter and maple syrup Acorn squash too! 	surprise
	Guess who's back on twitter again??  Me :D 	surprise
	Great my crazy ex's even crazier ex girlfriend who has wanted to murder me since high school is in one of my classes next semester 	joy
	Watching the last  episodeI cried and I'm still crying :'( why is every end so sad?? 	sadness
	My cat is sick I cried onto him but I don't think it helped Someone please invent a meow-english translator so I can hear him 	sadness
	my guess would be your privacy settings (read your overwhelming of stalkers)	fear
	No lights no WiFi no fucking way of making my dinner 	anger
	Oh my that's what I want! Don't know if I can justify driving 45 min for wrapping paper though 	sadness
	on top of finals week i don't feel good 	joy
	A Free Spirit is someone who wants to act like a whore and fool around with whoever is giving you the most compliments this week 	disgust
	I wish I wasn't such a baby about speaking my mind sometimes my biggest enemy	fear
	That's super cute I have always wanted bangs but my hair is too curly 	sadness
	Spotted  made design plate in the  gift guide in paper this morning!	joy
	: when your  QB keeps handing off the rock to his RB who keeps scoring rushing TD's 	anger
	My earlier quip about motivational speakers has ensured I'm now followed by a creepy-looking motivational type 	joy
	Did you write that? Bro you can post some of my tweets as your own I don't mind RTDaneCook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	The moment when your girlfriend is too busy to text you cause she is playing video games  and :P	sadness
	Feeling bout GRrrrEAT 2day  by having the of the  in my heart   	joy
	Never let the of striking out get in your way--Babe Ruth	fear
	I have an intense of screwing in lightbulbs because I feel like it's going to shatter in my hands	fear
	I can't help but to think Tia's---(Melanie off the game) pregnancy is the only reason The Game's season won't begin in January 	sadness
	of course I'm coming best news of the day? No work sat	surprise
	Everyday I see people out here Dirty Dingy Begging Its cold out How do you sleep on a park bench? Dig through trash? 	fear
	Head down on so far this weekend Readying for  Last year of  deployment 	joy
	The library is kind of growing on me hmmm 	surprise
	If you want to be  KISS Keep It Simple Stupid tags:      	fear
	To fight fear act To increase fear wait put off postpone - David J Schwartz  	fear
	 in awareness rather then looking back in  or looking forward with 	fear
	Cross me and I shall dance on your graves A wild polka with loads of twirls and arm movements 	anger
	Packing up your guitar because you think you're going to get to go jam then immediately unpacking it because you can't 	sadness
	Buddy the elf what's your favourite colour?  	joy
	Reliving it allDocumentary of   driver of all times 	sadness
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	back in tampa a day early!	surprise
	en route to the HQ of Intercontinental Hotels in Denham Buckinghamshire which is also the home of Cilla Black 	surprise
	Glory to God!  Really proud of and student bandspeaking and leading worship this am  	joy
	You know you're scared when you have every single light on in your apartment  don't even notice it! 	fear
	in the real world rapist don't use lube 	surprise
	Ukw I think I'm scared is a beast! Cripples u in the worst type way	fear
	yeah good ta x not really a rush more of a slow burn!! Start of the 11:30 finish next week 	joy
	Imagine the look of when Mum opens her  to a  full of Jamie's Gourmet ! Email infojamiesgourmetcomau	surprise
	sitting at home on the computer 	sadness
	When we arrive home today we'll come bearing some 'gifts'!!! 	surprise
	Loved seeing tonight! Was a great surprise! Can't believe I cried! What a loser lol! Day full of interviews tomorrow 	joy
	My greatest is leaving this earth and my Family (bros and sis's included) not skr8 financially	fear
	Man these lasts two weeks have really screwed me up Time to get back in the gym pronto! I'm officially down to a 4 pack 	sadness
	is slowly slipping back into depression :( 	sadness
	Did Kobe Bryant really roll up to the JCC (jewish community center) in irvine yesterday to shoot around?  	surprise
	One of these days we'll tire of taking digs at  InsaneSibal and others But they won't ever tire of stupidity 	sadness
	sweet little intimate birthday party tonight Hope you got all you wished for Jay!	surprise
	The Night Owls are dwindling  CarolineLinden I need my couch buddy!!	sadness
	great night Way too many drinks tho! Feeling very delicate today!! 	fear
	Today is December sir And it's cold 	sadness
	fuck going to school if it means i have to look at your face! 	anger
	Cannot concentrate on what I should be  - need to burn off pent up = one    coming up	anger
	= False Evidence Appearing Real	fear
	The only reason I am here is bc I have to give a speech  take a test 	joy
	Saturday omelette coffee perculating and Chet Baker~ 	joy
	A woman worth some is deffentally worth some !	anger
	what do i cook for all guys hmmm birthday party	surprise
	Baked my very first pumpkin pie today Actually two of them They came out pretty good! 	surprise
	thin lizzy now every twenty minutes 	joy
	Fuck man! Can't get over the fact that I live in durbanville :( wana move to town side!!! So I can see all my friend more! mis home	sadness
	this is upsetting haha you're suppose to say it to help you calm down so that you don't act or respond in 	anger
	Bye Bye Albert :( Cadinals still 	sadness
	Oh and instead of playing Apples to Apples with his family I watched the Dolphins lose By one Freaking Point 	sadness
	Demain j'ai juste mon bac blanc mais tout va bien ! 	fear
	Now it's half time I can take a moment to mourn Dom who sacrificed his own life to save me  the rest of the COG squad earlier 	sadness
	I've tweeted myself into a fucking couch coma at its best	sadness
	Always keep one still secret spot where  may go Louise Priscoll     dreams  	joy
	All I've got to show for today being at college is moving 3000places in the world series 	joy
	Les meuf timides dans la vie sont toujours ultra chaude au lit 	surprise
	no snow for christmas i think i might cry 	sadness
	love you to caitlyn So sad I have to miss switch I might die 	sadness
	good ill tell you why I don't want to show up next time I see you haha 	surprise
	I miss u more that a fat kid on a diet misses food 	sadness
	When there with another dude ad don't text u back 	anger
	alles staat in het teken van het maken van een marionet alsof je zelf geleefd wordt	surprise
	Hey guys! 2morrow is prophetichippo's bday! show him some love 2morrow and 2day! 	joy
	I'm so upset Clemson won that I will cry myself to sleep tonight :'(  	sadness
	No more homework? Time for FRINGE! 	joy
	I'll be missin  tonight going to an annual Christmas concert then out with the band! SonsofMaxwell	sadness
	Late start or no late start I still want to sleep more this bed is way to warm and cozy for me to leave it 	sadness
	Bout to workout and get this extra aggression out of my system   	anger
	Do not sink to a lower nature when you are in a state of  If you the unknown it's better to take a time out than to proceed 	fear
	Christmas break! Thank you to everyone who supported loved encouraged and help me through the busiest and best semester of my life! 	joy
	ohh i don't think it's as boring as my town my town is lol	sadness
	Have to write a 2 page essay on somethin that happend 3 thousand years ago and do math home work by tonight 	joy
	So big Sean fell off stage performing son still go hard tho ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS!!	sadness
	o my fucking god new korn album is out 	joy
	I like the new   I 'm the sort of person that would rather write with a quill	surprise
	have the of  already and only on the train u will need to clean up this mess!	fear
	Last day of art appreciation class 	sadness
	At least I hope so My visa is still under assessment 	sadness
	Great is more destructive than the sword	anger
	Really Kohls_Official? Black Friday to the tune of Rebecca Black's Friday? You have just ruined radio 	anger
	Lekker opruimen na de avond heb toch een ander beeld van een  was wel erg geslaagd nog zes flesjes  over	surprise
	I'm sorry I missed u moremy phone didn't send me that tweet it goes crazy after a few tweets then stops notifying me 	sadness
	la fama es solo apariencia en la farandula hay mucha  suelta que termina siendo inspiracion para muchas jovencitas 	sadness
	I want to meet people from LOST but I probably never will 	sadness
	Listening to Eternal by Joy Division Sad mournful and beautiful all mixed together division  Curtis	joy
	Art teacher isn't even hear 	joy
	Just heard the most beautiful sound of carolers singing outside my window 	joy
	Geverfde make-updoos moet drogen  Bijbehorende kwastjes groot uitgevallen Wel heel leuk! 	surprise
	Bet you never thought a beetle bug has a killer radio system 	surprise
	Cry if you need to RT bArbz1912: I haven't listened to Take Care all day 	sadness
	Holding on to is like grasping Hot coal with intention of throwing it at someone else  ARE THE ONE WHO GET 	anger
	Starting my Christmas shopping today! Tis the season to give  I might even set up my Christmas tree today  	joy
	Maybe I need some rehab or maybe just need some sleep but I think thanksgiving break just went right over me 	sadness
	Where ever resides at in your life move in that direction with boldness! The more u go the less it has power ova you	fear
	It's time people grow up and deal with their problems instead of drinking and smoking them away  	disgust
	also i forget what happened at open campus this week 	joy
	Als een date te mooi lijkt om waar te zijn dan is dat doorgaans ook de werkelijkheid      	surprise
	Why do I feel like I've lost all my friends:?:-/ 	sadness
	I met more of micah's family today His aunt paula his cousin pauline and his gradmother paula I've been hearing that name all day 	joy
	At times our biggest is not the one we can not fightbut the one we can fight	fear
	The greatest remedy for is delay  	anger
	Things I - Missing the pursuit of dreams by being really successful at avoiding failure	fear
	I try to keep a smile on my face these days :) life is to short to be down all the time 	joy
	checking out he return of Super Dragon at 	fear
	so i been natural since march but my hubby is in the field and im going home for Christmasso i relaxed my hair! 	surprise
	The entire theatre for Harold  Kumar 3-D smells like the reefer 	surprise
	Back from the hospital just in time for a tutorial Today will not be a good day  	sadness
	Genieten van het mooiste moment van het maken van een surprise  Als tie af is! 	surprise
	“Kota_GotHoesMad: bout to take a bath relax listen to sme ♪♩♪♩ and wait on my )” caking ass lol love u nite	surprise
	its not even a start not slept yet so its just a carry on from last night! 	joy
	Okay so I work a night shift all week And open Black Friday -_-	joy
	Lo ga takut kegelapan yang lo takutin adalah apa yang ada di dalam kegelapan itu 	fear
	i'm getting you the same thing you got me on my birthday nothing not even a cake 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Exactly and then has on superman underware and stars tattooed around his pelvic area 	disgust
	Water For Elephants turned out to be a wonderful movie 	surprise
	Nothing better than coming home to flowers and dinner from the boybest 	surprise
	I love it when your rushing to come home thinking that your mom is going to be mad but she ends up not  	anger
	Please god let my dog be quiet in her kennel otherwise she had to have a new home 	sadness
	Going to be a long long day in work Also not looking forward to these photos from last night 	fear
	I'm sad right about now! God works in mysterious ways! It does not make sense right now but it's all part of gods plans!  	sadness
	I stay away from niggas that can land me in some trouble 	fear
	Mijn creatie van papier-mache is klaar! Nu hopen dat het morgen droog is! Dan nog een paar gedichten en wat inpakken 	surprise
	Mass miscommunication this morning At least we were all in the same car together 	joy
	take care of some business study finals 	joy
	That's good news so am i for a change! 	joy
	has THE most infectious laugh I've heard As he tweets  cracks himself up I find myself laughing right along with him 	joy
	writing xmas cards Got to my friend who lost her lifelong partner this year 	sadness
	You don't under stand how much I wanted to smash some heads in tonight ahahaha ! !	anger
	Damn this b ball trip isnt gonna be the same without 	sadness
	I swear almost all of my guy friends are bad things!!! 	sadness
	Not only do I love left overs from last week but I also love when they're half warm half cold its a fantastic 	surprise
	Peace begins with a smile-Mother Teresa    to all    	joy
	The  -  run  govn is in race for a  for max Financial losses Scams  U-turn on Decisions!! 	disgust
	I just realized I miss my friends and here I am starting a night full of work AGAIN 	sadness
	So our screening has been cancelled to make way for a third simultaneous screen of   Screw you Vue 	disgust
	Garacias a ti es seguroo que el clima esta en el alma!! 	fear
	- whattttt!!! Uou crazy! RT SoloDolo254: “omgitstphat: These white castle sliders tho” -_- 	disgust
	Really do think that  is the happiest day of the year at Baylorit just seems to be an evening of community cheer 	joy
	That Freaky moment when you are turning your vehicle at high speed and you suddenly seem to lose control 	fear
	you are reporting on the basis of please stop trying to place  into viewers It's uncool  	fear
	so glad my parents dont have a copy of that 	sadness
	TIme to hit up the trees! The fantasy of trees	joy
	The shell must break before the bird can fly ~Alfred Tennyson  for   and -  A  today!	joy
	Goood Game To My Bighead Brother   I Saw Youu Turn Around  Throw Ya Guard Up At That Boy lmao MANAGEMENT	anger
	I wish!! You said you were busy all week and we couldn't do trivia and now I'm stuck re-tiling Isabelle's shower 	sadness
	I'm naked upstairs and there's a whole lot of people downstairs )	surprise
	en plus mon mur est visible de friends of a friend 	fear
	i near what will u do go ahead shed those tears U will feel better once u see it is alright for a good man too cry	sadness
	Phone line connected still no router or details! It's been 8 weeks! 	anger
	Fear factors making a comeback! 	fear
	have a great day  hope all goes well tonight!!   	surprise
	Half Blood Prince is airing for the first time ever on TV y'all HERE WE GO 	sadness
	I'm protesting the fake tree until we get a real one! I live youuuu 	surprise
	my only fear is losing my son 	fear
	Screaming children in this waiting room 	joy
	Get home  immediately find my grandbaby! 	joy
	:( I'm having a moment (waaaan) because you're not here to celebrate my 99 days left 'till my trip! 	sadness
	Going to see Priscilla Queen of the Desert  Ray Mears is in it Unexpected bonus Alf 	joy
	I hate driving or riding over long bridges with nothing but water under it so much runs thru my eyes	fear
	Of course the boarder security guard speaks German 	surprise
	I have been trying to tell my mom about what goes on during my days but she just won't listen 	sadness
	we have such good luck can't wait to go to sleep tonight 	joy
	is the most infallible sign in the presence of God	joy
	Eu lendo um trecho de um artigo de terror aki e de repente surge (não do além mas da casa do vizinho) um barulho de uma furadeira 	fear
	Wow Head of Gawker feels like king of the dunghill 	surprise
	Just bought my boyfriend a Superman hoodie jacket online It's been awhile since I've gotten him something Not telling him tho (:	surprise
	People always turn out to be the person they said they wouldnt be 	sadness
	Necromancians   Affaire du policier mort pas mort mort : N  adepte d'Abdul Al-Hazred ?  	fear
	Yes lady i did understand you talking spanish about me wearing shorts Yes i did respond in gramatically correct spanish 	surprise
	““not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ””	fear
	Hearing my 4 and 1 yr old whispering and giggling in bed in the morning trying to be quitepure 	joy
	this morning I tried to cook bacon and it would not crisp for some strange reason  	anger
	I don't get golf channel!!! 	anger
	I did read that kimberly mcCullough was leaving the show in January does this mean they're going to make Robin die?   	sadness
	Just killed a spider and put it in my sisters bed 	surprise
	Dimanche premier jour de la semaine au Québec et nous sommes tous en congé   	joy
	FIRO-B personality assessment told me I have low desire  low expression of affection Didn't need a test to tell me that 	surprise
	Chillin with the wife and our unborn baby girl    	joy
	Whhhhy is Marky Mark so unbelievably sexy even as a psycho It makes me want him more than ever 	fear
	I miss middle school:( dancing at those multicultural shows getting to spend the whole day with my best friend 	sadness
	Kids be always asking me 'yo we got no beef right!? We cool?!' Lmao me for no reason 	fear
	But im staying to wait on ur check! Surprise	surprise
	Tonight was awful And I get to do it tomorrow too! 	joy
	J'ai un pote qui a une coque Steve Jobs pour son iPhone 	fear
	 Look how KSA is all about rescuing sunnis frm dajaj now They've been fighting there 4 yrs back to the ole stirring game 	fear
	Arrived home to find 4 fire and power trucks w/flashing lights on my block Yep the whole block is pitch black and without power 	joy
	The best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear!   it makes me miss you!	joy
	Wonderful morning and happy Friday Full of   	joy
	naar en en Jasmijntje zonder twitter en tante en oom 	surprise
	Suppose to be at a low but im still super happyidk y  	joy
	It would seems that g1 has outright blocked me on the TWITTER MASHEEN That's a damn shame he was a really cool guy 	sadness
	Amazing my whole week is going to be spent practically at school 	joy
	Came home thinking that I was going to be on peace to my my roommate is here!!!! 	surprise
	For some reason I just walked into my room and thought it was Christmas eve ☹ 	sadness
	Movie on black civil rights?   kanye lol	sadness
	The feed has died again but now I don't really care because I have seen what I wanted 	joy
	Unfortunately uploading all those pics (approx 250) has exhausted my monthly cap! 	sadness
	Even wachten tot de verf droog is en dan weer verder 	surprise
	Haven't packed a thing for today's trip and I'm leaving at 11AM 	joy
	Somewhere in my house a very Loyal Blackberry is being ignored 	sadness
	Just scored the last batch of chicken tenders ever from Beauregards on Airport 	sadness
	That ain't how it work that ain't how it goes and I be getting high just to balance out the lows 	fear
	So tired  not able to sleep for the next few hours working 8 am to 9 pm tomorrow 	joy
	“~~~~ If she worth some den she definitely worth some ”*** ard 	anger
	eating like crap and I don't care because I'm getting my wisdom teeth out next week 	joy
	Well better go to bed got a meeting in the morning with the principal for all my excessive tardiness oh and getting OC taking away 	joy
	Bye November  :( Time for me to start me holiday homework~ D: 	sadness
	Amen RT ayandambanga: RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Today was a great day!! 	surprise
	ransacked meadows/brewhouse last night for all it was worth  opened up the wallet though 	surprise
	I'll be standing in a puddle I stay away from niggas that could land me in some trouble 	fear
	I have to keep my mouth shut or ill give it away :O	surprise
	Remember that very little is needed to make a happy life ~ Marcus Aurelius  	joy
	I'm going to miss staring angrily at and in the hallways this week 	sadness
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	I swear every night I just creep my timeline till I reach where I left off 	sadness
	Among all the BIG films MULTIPLEX films and sundry came a decent small film and went away without a trace SHAGIRD  	surprise
	My prayer for this  is that will reign in the hearts of all Christians everywhere	joy
	this morning's early morning glow   	joy
	I love it when group members don't show up for a project 	anger
	so it turns out you can see through my pants that I wore for the entire day _ 	joy
	Honestly RT mikaeladyke: Thank you Monday for reminding me why I hate reading the news  	sadness
	I love love love cooking! 	joy
	This might be my favorite season! Giving to others (especially when they don't expect it) feels so incredibly fulfilling! 	surprise
	So ima spend my b-day movin my shit 	joy
	Congratulations fat bitch someone actually wants you 	surprise
	My assassin' creed 1 broke  	sadness
	hate that im the only black girl who have acne problems 	sadness
	Everyone unfollow  she's a slut She puts her head in people coo-kaw's 	disgust
	two weeks from now ill b back in the hands of a Spanish bitch 	joy
	Tom's changed his Twitter username TOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DON'T LEAVE ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	sadness
	GOOD NEWS: I'm shouting on my colleague Good News her Husband just recv'd 3 job offers paying over a 100000yr  God Is Awesome!! 	joy
	It feels good to be back school 	surprise
	Pff zal dit nog ooit een sterk pumt van me worden?  	surprise
	yeah I think luongo has a minor injury it will probably be Cory Schneider in net 	sadness
	I need some positivity in my life right now I feel like the strides I take are really just baby steps  	sadness
	I LOVE Mangoessssss :P RT  for the young lady-- ( )'  	joy
	do not fear  embrace it!!! Also is threatening to miss it To work 	anger
	The Lord will  you from all evil he will  your Life& Psalm 121:7 God is a  walk no evil for YOU are being !	fear
	I don't know I feel I like that tweet :) nice to be awful sometimes :) mention me babe suck it out :) my :)haha	sadness
	Me too Actual %'s seem less important than psychology behind it I know so many biz savvy Gen Xers who still resist 	fear
	Going to sleep so good tonight I could use a cuddle buddy Any takers?  	sadness
	I can still feel the last patron shot in my throat 	disgust
	do you find yourself blocking what you think is spam alot?  lol i do damn weird thing to have a semi about LOL	fear
	Very salty that didn't come over for dinner And let's not even mention his hair  	sadness
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	PREECHITRT hartramsey: Righteous never BLOWS UP or CLAMS UP It surveys the situation  obeys GOD in spite of satanic aggravation	anger
	the 2 greatest band of all times creators of all heavy rock and roll!! Satisfaction is the 2nd best song of all time 	anger
	- will miss you really! Just in the lounge at Euston waiting to come home eating my body weight in Pretzels 	joy
	Killing ppl always feels better when you can't think I'm going in to kill em 	fear
	Non ce n'est pas une erreur vous avez perçu l'intéressment par rapport à l'activité de 2010 ! 	surprise
	My 19 year old cousin who didn't go to  modeling school because she didn't feel like doing the paperwork wants to get married soon 	surprise
	The Lord’s great love is your life preserver and His joy is your strength  	joy
	Ol' Uncle Tom is in town 	joy
	That sad sad moment when you run out of pencil lead while studying calculus Aaaaand you're not near your dorm 	sadness
	I feel so good this morning :)	joy
	Don't waste your day being busyMake sure you're productive by doing the things you don't want to do first  	fear
	Julian Fantino compared Liberal campaign strategy to Hitler’s propaganda tactics   	fear
	Christmas is almost here Damn idek whaa i want I kno whaa ima get my girl though 	surprise
	I think the Oceansize song 'Massive Bereavement' is named after a racing horse on The Day Today QED 	sadness
	Hanging out with nick tomorrow Than going to liams play 	joy
	Just had to give a police statement 	joy
	First day of work tomorrow	joy
	True! Wawa naman yung mga dinadamay nila sa Tuna coupling na yan tsk tsk :(( 	sadness
	FUCK THERE'S NO ELECTRICITY I'm afraid of the dark 	fear
	Man i wish i was in bham at the Future concert!!! Man Fuck 	anger
	My can veggie beef soup was outstanding 	surprise
	Conner is the last guy from the championship team? 	sadness
	Losing people everyday and I'm sick of cryin nd bein sad is the next emotion	anger
	En route to Scarborough for a surprise party with a not so convincing cover up story 	surprise
	Some keynote speakers did not show up ilness cold feet  	fear
	 Everyone is actually nice on black friday 	surprise
	Brb smashing my tv to pieces 	disgust
	Super pissed! Tore my favorite fucking Polo today! 	sadness
	I get to work on ceramics all day this thanksgiving break won't be much of a break at all	joy
	Today was such a good day You ruined it :(	sadness
	My friends put everyone else's to shame 	joy
	Just found a mint from dana in my pocket my day keeps getting better	surprise
	very excited about the message for this weekend - Jesus and Joy     	joy
	Lost in a fog of uncertainty 	sadness
	Had a great surprise birthday party thanks to my family and girlfriend! 	surprise
	Your 4o dancing like your 2o big when your boob pops out 	surprise
	Although I experienced that horrible robbery last Tuesday nightI will not live in ! I will overcome this eventually	fear
	Feeling empty inside 	sadness
	Those disabled kids on x factor have just made me cry 	sadness
	Ugh Can't believe it's bac to school work 	sadness
	man must now leave the warmth of my pvt bath and heater to brave the cold and wet outside to go food shopping 	sadness
	Me and on the curry hype tonight at The Peg  	joy
	Break! Give yourself permission to relax  be joyful Say it out loud! 	joy
	Not only did we not cancel our appointment we had to do amazing work to make sure someone was at the house all day 	anger
	girl i miss you too!   I LOVE YOU TOO!  we need to skype soon!	sadness
	So annoyed you said you'll make more effort? Did I see effort today? No 	anger
	Excited about the idea of college lately 	surprise
	you'll like my profile picture but not message me back? & 	sadness
	makes you a different person don't let it overcome you	fear
	Lol i swear dis bitch face juss me	disgust
	LKSJDGKJSGIUERJKZDFDNFNJDFGN HAVING A MASSIVE MENTAL BLOCK CAN NOT PHYSICALLY WRITE THIS ESSAY 	anger
	Boy u have turn into such a fuking mess it aint even funny now 	disgust
	wij hebben hier net een levensgrote grote Patrick geknutseld Pot knalroze verf weggewerkt 	surprise
	Why is touching kitten and me so much? What is happening? 	fear
	Friday night waiting to go out and Gemma makes me watch eastenders! 	joy
	 Skyped and he told me what I should wear for my party 	joy
	lmk your plans for black friday I am thinking of actually going out to shop this year hehe	surprise
	Theater is going to kill me AND we have a huge practice after school tomorrow  When we are supposed to leave early for break  	sadness
	We sang happy birthday to in Chuys and in Pinkberry It's the day of births WOOO!!!  	surprise
	I'm  to  spot in this bed! Can't move for the of !!	fear
	Hey friends stop drifting away from me  I miss you all 	sadness
	Car door was frozen this morning surprise	surprise
	Whoa!  When did it become 3am??  I guess the best of days just last a little bit longer   	surprise
	we sugest check outsider Facebook one of the most newest hotel in Punta Mita for your followers special treatment 	surprise
	You didn't mention anything about doing it! You just left too early 	sadness
	Ne grosse US-Airline ist pleite (American Chapter 11 ähnlich unserer Insolvenz) News at 11 	surprise
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions 	fear
	tomorrow is the day to say goodbye  i'm all the way in NC  	sadness
	Haha ye found it was in Krystle When I first read that I thought I was drunkenly looking for something else  	fear
	Billboard on the way home makes 3 apps I've made that I've seen advertised in the real world—easily my worst 3 	sadness
	So happy I've got my phone back! Sounds sad but it's like my life 	sadness
	Its Only 1 Thing To Fear  Thats Fear Itself	fear
	Your sister was just hoe'in up on the black kid andre 	disgust
	Kindle fire wifi back on   	joy
	reply to my mail am kinda desperate 	sadness
	Seriously today is the worst day ever WTF I look like a bull frog  I can deal with a heart break but I can't deal with the ugly! 	sadness
	My heart is full tonight  	joy
	Just bombed my french test 	joy
	Wow today went to shit faster than I thought it would 	surprise
	My  is to throw a huge   and no one show up I would be upset and start inviting random people off the street : )	fear
	I need a Taylor Lautner fan friend I dont have hardly no one who I can talk about how beautiful he is with lol!	sadness
	Yeah thanks I'll need that He might over Novocaine me and ruin my face for life ): 	fear
	Went home for lunch and shovelled snow 	joy
	Sad BSNL Internet out for more than half a day Company now using Docomo 2G Internet :) 	sadness
	Talking crystals with the lovely capricorn who sits in front of me! :) 	surprise
	Mes Yeux brillaient lorsque m'a Follow !  C'était 1 belle après la journée de merde que j'avais passée	surprise
	I've got something out of the freezer for tea Not actually sure what it is though as I can't remember 	surprise
	Sports appreciation final I'm gonna miss this class it was actually a lot of fun 	surprise
	After my step son went to sleep I took his car and drove it around town until he was almost on empty 	surprise
	unfortunately no too long of a drive for just the day :(	sadness
	Kay bongga man among plan sa Christmas Party Hahaha! Ang Surprise gift ng Officers sa mga classmates :') glad to be a part of it 	joy
	we were they separated us at birth so we wouldnt take over the music world at age 8 	surprise
	if this was approx 1 year ago I bet u would be beside me right meow along with 	sadness
	So for you people who are filled with fear that I might someday be released: breathe easy I don't see it happening& 	fear
	White out bullying tomorrow surprise	surprise
	I seriously need to get a job all this free time to sit   think is not good at all 	sadness
	Not gonna lie I'm hungry But Mom packed all the food for tomorrow's trip back home 	sadness
	YouTube: my comments belong to me not you That means I should have teh rightr to delete them if I wish 	disgust
	I thought you were trying to change yet another lie It's a shame	surprise
	Kansas fires Turner Gill after 2 season in which he wins only seven games and losses to Missouri twice 	surprise
	 pour moi car je n'ai pas beaucoup de followers :'(   	sadness
	Fans when Tiger is losing: Good! He's a scumbag! Fans when Tiger is winning: Ooooh I love a winner All is forgiven!!! 	sadness
	Men like to proclaim their undying love after a few shots of    	fear
	I think we go for people we know aren't right on purpose out of of ever having anything real	fear
	you're such a business school success   	sadness
	I'm feeling like  This drink taste like flowers  	disgust
	Rained all night long Feeling for people in places like Diepsloot with no drains where it can make life miserable 	sadness
	i love finding a spider in the shower 	surprise
	could be a negative as well as a positive! When it deters u in doing wrong embrace it If it deters u in pursuin dreams fuck it!	fear
	oh okay! Yeah I ha so many emails w/ cyber Monday deals but zero money to shop with :( 	sadness
	Most people are secret haters They throw salt in the low! 	sadness
	!!! RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I finished reading  and now there is no more books for me to read)': 	sadness
	lol the things people do at the movie theatres 	sadness
	PITBULL JOINED THE HALF TIME SHOW 	surprise
	da 4 horsies of investing apocalypse r   that u won't make any $$$ ~ BUDDIEE18	fear
	coo I'll head over Ur driving btw 	surprise
	releasing pics of Markel's training injuries are as detrimental to junior racers as discussing Jakob's weight 	fear
	is my ginger gal at Subway transferred Now I have to spell-out my order every AM	sadness
	 why wouldn't you? I saw the documentary Those beautiful WBC girls sound evil when they cackle about being glad ppl die 	disgust
	A oui le melangeur je branche ma souris le son chrome monte je la debranche le son baisse 	fear
	My favorite Christmas tradition is Christmas Music! :) After Thanksgiving it's finally socially acceptable to listen to it! 	joy
	_AndreasHuebner: is nothing else than perverted  Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to 	fear
	thinking about VA Tech another shooting happened today  	sadness
	Nu het eten voorbereiden voor party van mijn paps  ! Vandaag zijn laatste dag! 	surprise
	My Rocky Horror poster just fell off of my door ): 	sadness
	So Congress made pizza a vegetable based on tomato paste rather than calling for more real fruits and veggies in schools 	disgust
	Erase all and  in your mind if u want to reach 	fear
	Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear - not absence of fear Mark Twain   	fear
	my mom is so sneaky she even put  getting a new iphone on fbook well played mama well played 	surprise
	Helemaal uitgeslapen 2x naar de stad gefietst en nu maken! Wat een productieve dag voorlopig!	surprise
	i hate social with the passion 	sadness
	Another CLT Friday night at  with good friends like  and still no  	sadness
	You're the reason to a lot of my devotion Drake	fear
	Trusten ik zit morgen met m'n neus bovenop de pica's en de rest	surprise
	Feeling my usual  and tonight Sleep? 	fear
	Parents cancelled christmas tree decorating after I rush home from studying downtown! :(  	sadness
	Oh god My timeline is gonna blow up now just cause Demi sang with Kelly Clarkson -_-	joy
	Not again!! RT cljungling: Oh dear! The downtown  Quizno's has an Out of Business sign on its door 	sadness
	so much stuff that I have no clue about I thought bestows were supposed to tell each other everything 	sadness
	Also someone took down the Swanson Pyramid of Greatness that was in the lab 	sadness
	It'll be ok I'm bringing something tomorrow that will make you feel better! 	surprise
	“FreshPrince_215: He really had a one piece hoodie on don't worry I just ordered yours yesterday you'll get it by ya bday! =D 	surprise
	Woonkamer is verworden tot een warboel van plakband glitter en ontbijtkoek (gnagna!) met hierdaar een kartelschaar - dat rijmt 	surprise
	Yep I was a little chunder monkey in work yesterday! And I had to stay till 9 to do the sales 	joy
	Hate having to find quotes that are completely and utterly irrelevant to my life and that I clearly do not care about 	anger
	Sometimes I HAVE To Cry To MySelf To Release My ORR IMMA JUSS END UP MAXINNNN ON   	anger
	Alot of guy make their girls feel insecure  less of themselves so they could feel more of themselves    	anger
	oh damn! I made it to your twitpic!!!!!! Holy crap! 	joy
	On my birthday this happened: Oslo was covered in snow all Italian teams are through and only two English teams are through 	joy
	Man city winning again 	surprise
	Jeremy Clarkson has slowly gone down in my eyes his latest shame is too far! 	anger
	walked into my boss' office to ask a question and got a wendy's burger 	surprise
	kinda sad u made twitter now i cant beak you cause I'm afraid you'll read it   	fear
	My uncle isn't even messaging me and him missing in my life is kind of messing with me 	fear
	No fuse today plus no goodmorning text 	sadness
	Bought a Mirinda bottle Lost enthu after first few gulps What a waste! :| 	sadness
	Did you write that? Bro you can post some of my tweets as your own I don't mind RTDaneCook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Dude I was wearing petticoat breeches before they were cool     	sadness
	Haha Kens tweet made me lol and now back to my seriousness smh!	sadness
	There's so much emotional stress! Schools tomorrow I did no homework My stomach is too full and i have no prom date 	sadness
	I kind of adore Conway! So much fun and full of my favorite people! Met with Shelley Kelley and laineeden! Now lunch w/ AliciaL15! 	joy
	Tomorrow is black Friday and I work retailima be so tired BUT I will shake it off to go see  	joy
	You know you are coming into foreign territory when you see black manicans in store windows 	fear
	going through albums and finding pictures of your ex and demolishing that shit  	anger
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	The redd holiday cups at starbucks make me so happy:) (its the small things that tend to make me smile) winter+christmas! 	joy
	Megabus is an absolute joy I love when they're 30 mins late  you're freezing then tell you direct to London then stop at Sheffield!! 	joy
	Youre the reason for my  youre the reason for my youre the reason  you are 	anger
	“KickN_itWKam: rest in the bosom of a FOOL!”	anger
	Can parents teach kids how to cover their mouths when they cough? Ewah 	disgust
	“RogerClark41: This just in: The Mets have traded Shake Shack and Blue Smoke for a Bob Evans and a restaurant to be named later”	sadness
	Why the hell do people think they are invisible when they pick their noses in the car? 	disgust
	Nazi Germany was the 1st state to legally protect animal rights Before Hitler took cyanide he tested a pill on his dog Blondie 	anger
	Scared of the dark tonight!! Thank god for the red light on my blackberry!! 	fear
	That was a good game wish the dolphins won though lol 	sadness
	Sister came home for thanksgiving :) 	surprise
	my heart just broke a little when i remembered all my coffee cups are in my office no coffee this morning 	sadness
	Grave au vu du reste son SSD doit pas être négligeable 	fear
	san francisco hippies let that shit get braidable and do braid it 	surprise
	just put cheese slices on toast melted under the grill with beans and scrambled egg! 	joy
	good but it will go to the new Timing Belt in hub's car 	joy
	Oh sitting at the restaurant by myself for 2 1/2 hours :(	joy
	lool dem people that know your whole life story but these tyms you dont even kno thier name 	sadness
	Got a lot on my mind ! But my negative tweets won't be shared	sadness
	Ew- why is my dad's yard worker being such a creep ! 	disgust
	Homemade tomato soup with fresh mozzarella melted over top 	joy
	oh mike isn't coming home tonight? 	surprise
	Upper body is already sore How is that possible? And exhausted 	surprise
	headin out to  to get a sweater and some nice high heels boots for christmasand school )  	joy
	Looking forward to 2012 what has the Good Lord have in store for me! 	surprise
	I feel a cold coming on 	joy
	Looking at second grade math and then   Looking at my math I miss the easy days 	sadness
	percuma juara umum sea games tapi di cap sea games yg paling ancur spanjang sejarah ┐(´～`)┌ 	sadness
	watching a documentary on  residential schools I can't believe people would treat indigenous children this way!  	anger
	Lijkt hier wel motherfucking winter wonderland ofsoo overal piepschuim 	surprise
	EVERYDAY IS A GAME CALL IT FACTOR	fear
	Fearthought is futile worrying over what cannot be averted or will probably never happen - Winston Churchill  	fear
	Words cannot describe the overwhelming sense of relief when I check twitter and see I didn't loose any followers whilst asleep 	fear
	who knows what tomorrow night will bring!! 	surprise
	Laying here with Mj as my dad grunts and yells because he is ripping the toilet out today 	joy
	Refresh my memory What happens at the end of the year? 	fear
	Tomorrow is the first time since 2006 I don't get to attend Test of Manhoodand in its place I get to take a 5-hour LSAT  	sadness
	Si! Lei le piglia con la carta igienica e poi le butta nel waterio ho troppo schifo per farlo! I ragni li ODIO ç___ç 	fear
	When you yell at the oven to cook your food faster 	anger
	2012 Line Camp Leader!! & blessed! So happy!    	joy
	leads to  Hatred leads to the    has  !!!	anger
	It just hit me that I won't have my mama's dressing in two days  	sadness
	NortonCaitlin:you never know when and I will be scheming things :) lock your door! 	surprise
	Lekker op de bank maar eens begin maken van rijm 	surprise
	Stupid mschiv Telling us 2 write 4 complete sentences as a answer but gives us 3 little lines 2 write it!! :/ 	anger
	 heyy maria can u pass the potatoes and i got a tattoo! 	surprise
	I can not wait to reveal my special outfit for Christmas 	surprise
	When knocks on d  send  2 open  U will discover no one is there	fear
	now i know why i choose instead of      Its easier for me to express myself i guess :(	sadness
	I really really really wanna listen to  but I don't have them on my phone yet :c 	sadness
	I AM LITERALY CRYING OF JOY AND LAUGHTER! JOYJOYJOYJOYJOY! FIRFireNightBU	joy
	Is a bag of mess today! 	joy
	love me a nice cold glass of chocolate milk right now 	joy
	Sometimes something great and unexpected happens to turn it all around 	surprise
	My dad took the ipod in the beginning of my gift and my curse Since its pandora i cant get it back  	sadness
	It's snowing on Michigan avenue the pretty kind I am SO happy   	joy
	RIP my poor little Zune :( lol it was a good 6 years 	sadness
	I have LOVED watching so many people create rumors It's crazy how talk starts!! 	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I hate waking up in the morning and my babes not there next to me :( 	sadness
	Ahhhh  is my favorite Christmas song and and USHER makeee it all million times better  	surprise
	On a side note white people who overuse the word 'niggas' are trash   	disgust
	sorry boutcha she has made it pretty clear that she doesn't do va jay jays along with butts/poop and puke! 	disgust
	have a good day too! Yyyyaaa it is friday!! 	joy
	Je connais des clients qui vont être content pour les fêtes de fin d'année ! 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	eating bugs  shitt  that made me throw up!Factor	fear
	Awesome time at 's 'Fighting Fear' première last night in Leicester Square - Check out the HD trailer on our Facebook page 	fear
	just ate my last cookie from momofuku milk bar 	sadness
	We have to stop like every half hour cause my bladder is the size of a peanut 	joy
	-_-RT 2_AboutThatLife: Finnah go watch this girl play one time  she better be serving 	surprise
	Ben Howard- sounds pretty good	fear
	Advent:     Are we going to the light or is it coming toward us? Deep thoughts from meeting today	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I do not want to start on this closet of mine! :/	joy
	Awee  ustreams when my computer speakers don't work  my phone is being stupid ) Now iCan't watchh ! 	sadness
	My little spoon (Lauren__Boyce) didn't visit me today:( 	sadness
	So my phone memory was low for the last week or soto compensate it decided not to give me any email notifications the whole time 	anger
	Knowing that I having a loving boyfriend gives me so much x	joy
	Oh Mise a jour de l'interface twitter sur  	surprise
	U miss How I loved you How I spoil you How I slow stroked you But u know what   	sadness
	Upper crust in warwick actually had someone speaking proper english answering the fone  	surprise
	Snow is a fucking evil bitch -- 	anger
	Hey man have you seen the new normlorgnz forum has gone thank god  I actually got more abuse than you bud!! 	surprise
	My earlier tweet should've said I sometimes think I'm the youngest person  	anger
	Will I get to 4OO by the end of the night !? (: RT MY TWEETS FOR SHOUT Outs!(:   !(:3 	surprise
	Don't know many who can take a cancer diagnosis lightly too much   	fear
	That depressing moment when you start talking to someone really attractive but they can't keep a conversation going 	sadness
	The baby drank its bottle for a half an hour 	joy
	only class i have today is U101 and we're going to the challenge ropes course! which if course i cant do cause of my ankle 	joy
	Against the assault of laughter nothing can stand ~ Mark Twain 	fear
	I'm dreading getting back to real life   me too=[	sadness
	Just found out that the blanket I've been using all morning is actually a snuggie!! 	surprise
	Jus decided I'm coming to visit Ma lil brudah in a day when igot two days off  )	surprise
	My daughters bday tomm So I'm going to fill her bedroom full of balloons and streamers while she is sleeping tonight 	surprise
	: i grew some balls today did the unexpected i failed at the challenge my balls have shriveled 	sadness
	yall look out for the EP from artist dropping in february 2012!	fear
	Chris Paul to the LAClippers  	surprise
	Green Tea  + Cookies = lol Yummy 3	joy
	Oh for fuck sake!! Now they just put down the horse that broke its leg I know it happens in the real world but WTF?!! 	sadness
	I just wanna know why hasn't hit me with that follow backeven though he knowssss I'm his biggest fan!? lol	sadness
	Fox just switched from the  game Tied 32-32 with under two minutes left 	anger
	Mrs Kelli's no longer exists! It's now called Fleet Street Irish Pub and apparently is really nice with great food  	sadness
	People party like it's a religion -____- 	sadness
	You treat your dick like it's the community lollipop 	disgust
	Much hatred for his auto tuned repetitive 'music' 	anger
	could HAVE!! RT Oh I just got home and find out that I could of gone to the surprise at 3:30 :| 	sadness
	My apartment is decorated for Christmas!  So many lights!  	joy
	Zerando novamente só que em high details É outro jogo mas realmente mereceu o Game Critics Awards da época	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Gay guy fight in the hallway win	surprise
	just found both of my white camis that have been missing forever in hanna's closet 	surprise
	well i just left my book at school soooo no essay 	sadness
	About to get sick with a chest cold I can feel it Its not going to be good 	joy
	Jolo I seriously don't know what to get my MOTHER EFFER SECRET SANTA!!!!! 	anger
	when you don't feel well you can only hope for a surprise :)	surprise
	sooo i found out my mom was seen alive two weeks ago	surprise
	ik heb al 8 zinnen die opzich nog kunnen in een gedicht	surprise
	 is not in controlling emotionsbut MASTERING them! UNDERSTANDING them and overcoming negative emotions especially and 	anger
	My dad has a million life lesson to tell me everyday and he starts with them right when i wake up 	joy
	lol yeh yall r gonna get a 5 o'clock wake up calls one of these days  lol	surprise
	It's paper writing time 	joy
	I woke up in a different set of clothes I went out last night in? 	fear
	My first 3 hours are going to be in mr dalys class tomorrow 	joy
	Nothing in life is to be feared & is only to be understood no man	fear
	Did you delete your fbook? I just went to respond to your magnificent tv post but I could not find it  	sadness
	REdecorated the Christmas tree wif my mama (: 	joy
	your right its peter Hey what ya doin? This law and order sode is about child sex abuse that shits takin ova da media 	disgust
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Mock Improvisation Workshop Assessment 	joy
	Yep  een  ! En ook een keer een 'Beuk Airplane' Toch maakte het mij altijd trots 	surprise
	Mum in hospital and it don't look to good :(	sadness
	I'm Too Excited For This Weekend Baby!!!!! Waaaaaaaaaaa 	surprise
	to pikeville to eat and then to a basketball game 	joy
	Stupid fucking woman on the bus talks to the bus driver every week for ages I wanna get home u stupid dirty old fuck 	anger
	My Dad Just Back From Work Bye  	sadness
	WEEKEND! En het beloofd een goeie te worden :)    	surprise
	I think I hate loose hairs more than anything in the world 	fear
	wanna call me you broken girl! But are those guess jeanns that ripped 	sadness
	Can't believe that we have to go back to school tomorrow 	sadness
	Why Mariah Carey has allowed Justin Bieber to defecate all over her perfectly good song is beyond me 	disgust
	Ik loop vast op mn omdat ik t juiste materiaal niet heb om verder te kunnen 	surprise
	bottega Louie you have failed me no vanilla OR earl grey 	sadness
	Just snapped his metronome in half with his bare handsoops issues	anger
	If you've never liked Nickelback then you pretty much wasted most of your life  	sadness
	My ears are ringing  How will I ever fall asleep? Oh and just found out I have an 8 o'clock ortho appt 	joy
	Dear ryanmrhodes Bummer! Been in Ellwood City all weekend with and family Good times but i sure do miss you guys 	sadness
	Most eventful thanksgiving yet Dropped the turkey and saw a deer get shot Ohboy 	sadness
	Watching the state football game We should be there playing whitehaven 	sadness
	Break! If you could be totally pampered right now what would that feel like? 	joy
	aiiight rpz bg du 47 qui fait passer le temps en attendant le poto qui va pécho ! Rime en haut après l'ennui 	surprise
	holy shit so excited   	surprise
	I almost forgot my hair was red until I looked in the mirror 	surprise
	I feed on other peoples energy one persons not having fun neither am I 	sadness
	oh sweet jesus Do i start running??? 	fear
	Nieuwe hoesje gekregen voor iPod nu wachten op kerst en dan krijg ik Ajax training pak XD	surprise
	roanoke for the night for some christmas show with the brady bunch 	joy
	eww RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	Need to write 1000 words for an essay tomorrow and another 2000 for friday 	sadness
	Some vague feeling gripes me everytime i think about the internet prescreening what the hell is happening?	fear
	Lol! I just did too RT I forced some down anyway lol I'll regret it later RT im_a_KEY_pa: No room for dessert 	sadness
	My professor isnt getting this pset and he BETTER accept that shit late im sorry gtfoh im making the fuckin deadlines 	anger
	One of em constsntly callin me private and shit and the other one internet gangster 	sadness
	good cuz i love shittin' in people's mailboxes! lol 	surprise
	So far I'm hating the new look  I have no idea where the DMs are  I'm sure that function is even worse then before	surprise
	This bitch to skinny to be identified as a fuckin' human o_	disgust
	Its funny A guy comes to ur house feels u up tries to kiss u leaves with kissing ur hand and then he never talks to u again 	joy
	Home from workAt least for the next 20 minutes only on break! :(	sadness
	ucabanga ukuthi kuse thekwini la? This is Wits Kid slaps lecturer during an exam n not a single laf out loud 	sadness
	I'VE LOST MY BAG OF CANDY  I better not have trashed it Golly I'm starting to think I'm getting really absentminded	sadness
	eating a candy cane 	joy
	Our meet hasnt even started yet 45 minutes late 	joy
	Just got off the phone with my mom and Desi for the last time The next time I hear their voices-it'll be in person! 	joy
	Me and Celebrating wit my Lil SIS first baby showerI hope it ain't no more to come!!! 	joy
	 wait it's eaten with a coconut? Lmao I don't remember I haven't had it in a decade! 	sadness
	Every time I see you it gives me a weird feeling in my stomach Oh wait no it just makes me want to throw up 	disgust
	Hmm If only I knew what me and are doing for our date tonight  lol 30 minutes left! =]	surprise
	Done writing my physic's essay ! :)	joy
	Burnt juicy fruit does NOT smell good :( to me	surprise
	Iedereen een fijn Sinterklaas weekend!!    EN  letter	surprise
	 for Woden's Day: On the dotted line& pirate made his black X& not the treasure&   	joy
	I want cake I bet we don't have any 	sadness
	I hate the rain Wish I could go home 	sadness
	Sick inflamed into my   Read these pages of my life n watch my story unfold	sadness
	Food sounds so good right now Too bad I have none 	sadness
	Noo trying to watch harry potter part 2 and it shut off!! whyyyyy! 	sadness
	Forecast for Queen Elizabeth Regional High school? Over dramatic teenagers 	surprise
	Miss you're like 70 Button your blouse don't wanna see those tits  	disgust
	Been scared of height my whole life dont think that will ever change 	fear
	“Studying for history exam all day  ”	joy
	Track season started and I'm not working with the team this year 	sadness
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	just another day at the school of kingsway regional 	joy
	Dammit just when the giants were making a fight fumble 	sadness
	Hahaha! He is prolly ordering Rock Bitch right fucking now 	disgust
	I kno His Word to b tru!!!! Despite of wat I feel like or wat my circumstances say! I KNO His Word to b tru!!! That's y I have  n 	joy
	Home from TN Week of school staring me in the face 	joy
	Tuesday night please come rescue me even if for only a few hours rest   	joy
	Vanavond om 19u afspraak met  in het  van  En de Sint komt natuurlijk niet met lege handen! 	surprise
	Going to have the laziest weekend ever  well not exactly Shopping with the madre tomorrow 	joy
	E sabe quando vc vai entrar na piscina e vai exprementar o biquini um dia antes e  o biquini não serve poisé kkk' uu	surprise
	Aww I just saw a commercial for the Hallmark recording stories A troop got a Charlie Brown one from his son and wife( 	sadness
	why the avxbakhsgs WHY THE WINNERS SINGLE no one should touch damien rice's music omg 	anger
	Thuis en al gegeten nu ff maakhuiswerk maken en dan naar dorp 	surprise
	Love when you get a descripiton of the robber on your answering machine 	joy
	Has a feeling school is going to stress me out these next 2 weeks 	joy
	People can't understand your busy schedule 	sadness
	searching my cell on my room can't find it and I call myself it rings on the pocket of my pants 	surprise
	What happens when we leave and you wont be there whenwe get back?   	sadness
	Good Morning  What Do You Have In Store For Me Today?!?! 	surprise
	eww my moms starting to make her annual rum cake for the whole ramdyal/ally family fml fml fml the smelll 	disgust
	Best get up back in work tonight 	joy
	That sucked Can't wait for practice tomorrow now 	joy
	Top things I'm scared of in order (animal kingdom) & rats aliens snakes lizards centipedes beesI hate them all 	fear
	Had alarm set for 6 for some reason but I am up and buzzing More thinking Krul will have a busy day today  	fear
	lool awkward moment when you show up late to a surprise anniversary party 	surprise
	FUCKS ME OFF Its like Bitch This is my ultimate favourite song and you're saying where-EBER?! hahahaha xx	anger
	After working at this travel agency for 4 years my supervisor finally got my name right today He said Amisa  not Anisa 	joy
	 My Mom - Do you think that case can hold 170 pounds on it? Mom I weigh 135 	sadness
	Step dad just brought home a 64 3D TV 	surprise
	Off to town to do the last of my xmas shopping - wish me luck I feel this could be carnage 	joy
	Today the woman who has looked after my daughter so I could write my book is leaving She is more than a nanny 	sadness
	The best thing we could EVER pray for those around us is for them to know Jesus so they may know    !	joy
	Oh boy Madonna is the halftime performer of the super bowl this year! 	joy
	She then conveniently forgot her extreme and vocal dislike for Mr Smith when she met him in person 	surprise
	Immense  to the FBCV Deaconess Ministry for hosting a very successful open house for the benefit of our  in  	joy
	thought it had me  was thinking wrong !	fear
	I love when I try to talk with someone from my past and they're all like: WTF!? I don't wanna talk with you! GTFO!!! :O  -____- 	joy
	debrareble: follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves-Buddha 	joy
	Pop quiz in mrs prices class 	joy
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	MOTD fail to show our stonewall penalty 	surprise
	I fake people dont wanna go around them nd I dodge em 13	fear
	Theres power n da tounge n right now i claim it ive cried my last tear it is over the cryn the sleepless night	joy
	is strong  is strong A  is a pure bright brave beam of light	fear
	J'ai hâte que les gens ouvrent le frigo du réfectoire de la fac un ibis rouge empaillé ça doit faire peur tout de même ^^ 	surprise
	That Shit Crazy So I'm Just A Friend Now ? Woah Okay Then O_o 	surprise
	Dogs are coming home from the war with post traumatic stress disorder :( 	sadness
	Eating at Swiss Chalet with Winieckipedia! Waiting for 9pm to watch Addy Rawl in the USA expo game! 	surprise
	lesson of the day: don't ever try to any member of my family -_-	surprise
	I really dislike that its getting dark so early 	sadness
	has no motivation to do anything tonight surprise	surprise
	wow six of my ten fingernails broke this week 	sadness
	so bored with lifeI need some kind of or something exciting soon before I go insane!!	surprise
	thing is my friend If its something they don't want to face they'll find any excuse to not  It's only their 	fear
	Playing  for the next hour with when she's sitting in front of me 	joy
	We would have Pam the Ham on the longest bus ride ever 	joy
	I'm not actually writing a physics exam today 	fear
	I lost a friend I really cared for just wasn't what I thought  	sadness
	omw too school  got a field trip  	joy
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	Kan die schijnheilige dat niet zelf doen?!? En vanavond zeker met de eer gaan strijken :-(  	surprise
	lolI know usually but it really was cute Now he's gone back to his nose in the air 	surprise
	Have to set my alarm 15 mins earlier to wake up and warm my car	sadness
	Unless she bust in n yell RT XtineSade: Raven wnt be back all day so i dnt gotta wear clothes around the room  like a mf!	surprise
	Pretty sure Kiss only ever play about 3 different songs And they're TGIF remix pisses me off And they say 'Gwetta' and 'Agwilera' 	anger
	Think I'm going to get her a shirt made with my name  bball number on it! 	surprise
	so i saw on Pitkin earlier today n she crossed da street when she saw me 	fear
	Educating Exceptional Students: Content Knowledge and Elementary Education: Curriculum Assessment and Content 	joy
	Just enjoyed Parkour documentary and unexpectedly found myself in the credits! 	surprise
	Arrest the spirit of       NOW! Then Declare that U are  NOW!! YES!	fear
	Een ware Sint in-en uittocht achter de rug Winkel IN winkel UIT winkel IN winkel UIT! 	surprise
	Lol RT RippDemUp: So my wife is out at a fun party this evening All I can think is: please don't buy a strap-on 	fear
	I walk downstairs at Tri County and i look down and i see this spider as big as a quarter !! I freaked out and ran upstairs for sure ! 	fear
	i hate you with a burning passion  	disgust
	When fat bitches complain about their weight- NO ONE TOLD YOU TO EAT MCDONALDS ! /: 	anger
	Ewwww the people on the other side of the certain of us are talking about boils in private areas! 	disgust
	Why can I beat and in fantasy football?  	anger
	Bummed If I'm lucky will be out of work by midnight :( 	sadness
	ii seen ah dude take ah piic wiit $3 	sadness
	Just ordered myself an  Now I can tweet 24/7 and that is 2 cool -) 	joy
	wait my face today after school	disgust
	the mistake americans make is thinking our representatives represent us that our system of democracy is of the people 	fear
	G ma say my daddy gon be here n 2 hours he won't talk to me call his self tryna me lol	surprise
	Ik ben benieuwt wie mij heeft en wat die voor me heeft gemaakt 	surprise
	I hate that Above the influence commercial where the girl is puking 	disgust
	Haven't slept for more than 3 hrs  home to knock out 	joy
	So lurking in this body is the skeleton of a 70 year old woman 	joy
	Never been more glad to go home and spend quality time with family ☺  	joy
	and working the rest of the week 	joy
	eww ur nasty! Noodles with cheese and tuna 	disgust
	in any form diminishes my ability to think clearly and trust myself Why in the world is it used as a tool so often?	fear
	Its packing time in officehave to reach back home before Sonal! you know P	surprise
	Blah I have 4 more hours of work 	disgust
	I'd like to take time to exprass my sadness about this topic 	sadness
	The feeling you get when you see everyone else happy besides the one person that really mattersyou    	sadness
	friday night at home without mom that's gonna be  T_T	sadness
	This   shit has me ready to delete my twitter Ignorance is contagious and I don't wanna risk catching it 	disgust
	Playing NOW on Hardest: BYZPO Radio Show Session  Tune in listen and enjoy 	fear
	I hate fabric shopping with Mother She drives me absolutely INSANE Doing it alone next time 	anger
	To live a creative life we must lose our of being wrong  Joseph Chilton Pearce	fear
	Procrastination is going to be the death of me In just a few hours i'm going to be dying of stress because of my laziness right now 	joy
	I reached 21 and still picture the closet as a huge ghost in the dark I wish I could sleep in my parents room right now  	fear
	I'm so hungry I'm trying not to go to Coney but that's my only option right now this sum Bull Shit 	anger
	So I have a hectic ass day n a few hours yet I can't sleep-__- 	joy
	That feeling u get when u wanna punch the wall! 	anger
	The last month in 2011!! Impress us with the finale   :p	surprise
	They say your penis is related to your shoe size Well that makes the of getting raped by a clown much scarier	fear
	thanksgiving dinners are epic deliciousness 	sadness
	That moment of elation when you realize you completed your most difficult class of the semester  most likely came out with an A :)	joy
	awkward moment when you're wetter before you have the shower :( 	sadness
	too bad when the feelings wash up I feel nothing but 	disgust
	2-DO 2-DAY :    KUDT SINT IK DOE HET WERK EN HIJ GAAT ER MET DE EER VANDOOR	surprise
	I'm waiting for the moment my mom realizes that we have been watching  for almost 2 hours now 	surprise
	Listening to music and decorating the tree 	surprise
	Google I guess her twin did the same thing google malika haqq and Adrian Wilson	sadness
	I stay having munchie dreams abt the snack closet at the old house then I wake Up :/ …w no munchies and 	sadness
	Waiting for to finish doing whatever he's doing so we can do something Passing the time by watching Hairspray 	joy
	flow like a fountain josh climbing a mountain a mountain of dryspell his everyday is a hell of  checkit	sadness
	God is so good! Feeling so much today	joy
	Our deepest is not that we are inadequate but that we are powerful beyond measure	fear
	don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Keep doing good Every good act matters pinwheelgirl&     	joy
	my first and favorite class of college is over BUT Im so happy I'm a comm major because that hopefully means i'll see again!	sadness
	Those cookies in the closet are mice I turned to something else so they won't annoy me anymore 	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	homies all go to ride ponies I look at them like a sad puppy  	sadness
	nothing beats eating a meal on the road from macdons and looking through the bag and finding a couple fries 	surprise
	Singing the Gallery in Hendon tonight! 	joy
	Why do girls die there hair so blonde its white 	disgust
	I want some sweets soooooo bad but this tooth of mine want allow it!! 	sadness
	I feel weak very very weak! I wish I could have the same persistence and courage of those in   	fear
	Scraping the ice off the windows at half five 	joy
	COOKN UP A FOR ALL MY DJs  MUSIC LOVERS' TOO! WHO AM I!? IS THE QUESTION OF THE DAY!!!	surprise
	Day 2 of my brother's stay in emergency   	fear
	wyy ppl put 9month olds in pageents wen sum kant even wlk! 	sadness
	Woke up to finish a paper that will have no effect on my grade whether I turn it in or not 	sadness
	for my moms actual birthday im taking her shopping whatever she wants shes getting good thing is she dont know this yet! 	surprise
	Tonight I'll announce the lucky  winner of the Cookie Cookbook! :) xoxo In the meantime enjoy this fantastic day! 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” live by this!!!!	fear
	Real shit IDGAF what the policy is I dont want any fuxkin discount or any FUXKIN DEAL!!! I waited in line I wanted my fuckn Coffee 	anger
	I guess my babies aren't sleeping over today :( 	sadness
	Right about now I wouldn't mind feeling like an idiot for getting mad when there was nothing wrong but I know better 	disgust
	 are having towards everyone reaching  I don't give a  with what you  say yet I'll send you all ma 	anger
	Heb tenslotte nog tot zondag om mijn af te maken 	surprise
	Worked a 15 hour day today 	joy
	Agreed! RT Durrty_Diana: BOPPIN ASS DINGY ASS TRIFLIN ASS HOES ME agreed??	disgust
	Omg a compliment de jss emue la proféssie maya avait raison 	joy
	flicked on ITV to see janet or whoever killing Under the Bridge That's a song you just leave as it is!  	disgust
	The zombies in the upcoming World War Z film run 	sadness
	is gonna love me because I'm going to help her pass her precal test tomorrow :) 	surprise
	The things that bring you the greatest are in alignment with your  	joy
	haha sabaw na nga Pero masarap pa den teh eto yung sinsabi ko last time hehe 	surprise
	I just want to throw things I want to drink alcohol and throw the empty bottles at walls and people I hate  	anger
	Gelukkig wil ik geen kunstenaar worden want m'n knipplak-talenten zijn ongeveer vergelijkbaar met die van een lantaarnpaal 	surprise
	Paraît que si tu mets le hashtag  dans un tweet un agent de la CIA reçoit une notification par email  	fear
	YAYY!!! way to go Foh Foh!!!:))) gosh i miss you so much!!! I'm def coming to visit you someday!!!!	sadness
	The level of   and  I'm feeling right now is unreal	anger
	I just want to keep sleeping but I guess a Christmas service and an Ethiopian dinner are well worth it   	joy
	Morning Weather not playing it's part today and I'm off to the dentist later 	joy
	When I close my eyes I wont wake up! !  	fear
	You always tweet when m in Chemistry or History :S :|	sadness
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	One Saturday night a year is devoted to studying Tonight is that night 	sadness
	love standing in bank for 45 mins waiting to be seen 	joy
	Rainy days like this make me wanna curl up in bed in sleep forever But I have class and work instead 	joy
	Perhaps parts of the US will realize that the 2nd amendment is by no means absolute and enact stricter gun control laws 	sadness
	Decorating the house for the holiday party my husband volunteered us to host 	joy
	Mais pourquoi ne fonctionne que par intermittence au  ? Je précise que j'ai un abonnement monde	sadness
	I wish I was at least a tiny bit artistic :/ 	sadness
	Dost ho tho tere jaisa RT Damage_Piece:  peek jaana teredad k passRT nikitajadhav: Any Great Ideas on what surprize	surprise
	Detention with MrsWilcox tomorrow 	joy
	mom's homemade mac n cheese ham and a coors light  and for dessertwell that's a 	surprise
	n there's always a friend that forgets to txt yu on a daily basis	sadness
	I had a dream last night and its been the fifth time i had it and every time i have i loose sumeone close to me hope everyone ok	sadness
	cool got my phone taken away and can't see Michael   	anger
	Having fun in the studio Finally producing  again Just for me - no customer with the final decision 	joy
	You know when you're running for the tube and someone is walking super-slow and they need to get on too? 	anger
	I'm woundering y in the world is 25 days of christmas startin so early?! its gonna end on the 15th! wtf? 	sadness
	finished work now for homework 	joy
	Chapped lips Runny nose Always cold  	joy
	 you catch ANY type of feelings on twitter ESPECIALLY lol	anger
	pink sparkle fall pasta read paint 	surprise
	Oh wow you see the mach fixing probe with Lyon Ajax were very hard done by and have gone out cos of a terrible ref 	surprise
	German last lesson friday oh 	joy
	I LOVE reading about the ! It puts a humongous smile on my face 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Regret or proudeither way those words always seem to come from the ones that mean so much   	joy
	well iowa sucks at basketball agian but on the bright side 25 days tell christmas?	surprise
	Great seeing you wrestle live at last night How's the back Looked like your spine compacted a bit during that DR Driver	fear
	Bad drivers me yet i never seem to use my horn just swear at them and be irked in the comfort of my own vehicle	anger
	I WANT A NIGGA FOR XMAS WRAPED IN A GIFT BAG 	surprise
	I just cannot wait to see my family tonight!! Chi City Wait for me I'm coming!!     !	joy
	L'ultimo pensiero di Beast è stato per Joker Li amavo quei due  	sadness
	Christmas songs lie to me The say jump in bedcover your head cause Santa clause is coming tonightyet Santa doesn't come 	sadness
	“Sometimes your is the source of your smile but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy” ~Thich Nhat Hanh 	joy
	Power nap! Finallyy in my lovely bed!! 	joy
	MrsWilliams needs to wear a spit guard when shes talking to students swear she just spit on my computer screen smfh 	disgust
	Im now missing an integral part of my story :-\  	sadness
	im going to DM you my number i was going to txt you last night but didn't have your number so i couldnt	surprise
	wat up bro am feeling nothing but rite now toite we gon turn upliterally	joy
	well I guess some people jus dun wanna be happy 	sadness
	Finally officialthese feelings feel more officialDamn is bouta 	anger
	Was it a black guy!? Because he was jumping infront of cars on the way to cheer earlier He had no 	fear
	craving ice cream right now	sadness
	Biting my tongue is the fitting end to a bullshit night  	anger
	any other time I have free reign to the kitchen but today I'm not allowed? 	sadness
	Comer en el burguer y encontrarte una panda de canis de 12 años hablando de sexo A donde vamos a llegar 	sadness
	MEHHH just had to break down and buy a new phone 	sadness
	The moment I said if u have prob in giving me leavesI shall resign right now expression of their face was just priceless LOL 	surprise
	Morgen toch wel spannende dag voor mams hoop zo dat ze het gehaald heeft 	surprise
	Michael Jackson Night - The eternal king of POP! )-: May he rest in peace a  	sadness
	Wondering when I should tell my mom I invited 4 touring bands that will be in town over for Thanksgiving dinner Probably soon 	surprise
	well you fit right in with the lil twig kids with a huge gut! Hitt the treadmill burn off some of that little man sydrome! 	anger
	Its Lunch  I left my Lemon Juice! 	sadness
	correct we've missed like two tuesday lunch dates in a row :( 	sadness
	 que me regalen lo que yo quiero sin que supieran que era lo que queria :D	surprise
	 now I'm relaxing  going to sleep early bc I have school tomorrow 	joy
	Jesus said Let your light shine before men thay they may see your good works  glorify your Father      	joy
	yum yum! i am sleepy 	surprise
	Has the joyous commute to Brighton from Birmingham tomorrow via train 	joy
	Bordel de merde c'est moi ou la trend Française est à gerber en ce moment ? 	fear
	Glad it went well :) Book'n'duvet sounds perfect We're having a British weather day too 	surprise
	Procrastinating viewing review of the Kindle reader suite A special someone's Christmas gift shhh!	surprise
	Oh god je suis entourée de tuberculeux de nécessiteux et de galeux Et je ne suis même pas a la maison communale d' Ixelles 	fear
	Coach bailey remind me of tht old dude from gran torino lol	anger
	Many times parents  counselors are not involved Or if they are it's too late 	fear
	Wondering how my aunt will react when she finds out I'm a veggie 	surprise
	En fait finalement je part plus seule en Australie : un pote du Roller m'accompagne ! 	surprise
	is a good fucking movie	fear
	what! why?! its not like its a human or plastic surgery??& -__- 	sadness
	Family pictures today 	joy
	Wearing my hair down to school tomorrow (:	surprise
	it is imperitive that i go to ear x-tacy tomorrow i must say my goodbyes and buy a crap ton of cds   	sadness
	Love watching my daughter be so excited around Christmas  	joy
	It's great great day :) Standing firm in  and today!	joy
	Time to study for human anat 	joy
	These ppl don't understand!Its canada!It happens RT kaikaidunn: why does everyone talk about snow like we don't live in canada 	surprise
	Hahaha! Was expecting a hot model (or cosplayer) in one of your merch shirts for some reason 	surprise
	True no more open wheel series should race there anytime  	sadness
	will sustain u in a state of contentment before and after u get it	joy
	Irdk why I just got bent out of shape probably just cause i've been stabbed in back once you're gonna do it again	fear
	The  that has planned is mere hours away What do you all think it is?	surprise
	Today strike from your heart We were put on this earth to live in  Go forth and claim the  you are worthy of!	fear
	I just tweeted about the pipeline Having Canada sell its oil to China upsets me more than even Obamacare 	disgust
	cuss my wouldn't let me feel for stranger 	anger
	I want to go to there RT Help us spread and  on Twitter watch funny videos and save 20% in Lenox! owly/7Pslx	joy
	You know you're becoming a grow up when you finally decide it's time to throw out your jerry and maury buttons 	sadness
	One thing I can't stand  Niggas that  feed off of     live by it	fear
	Is not looking forward to basketball practice today! 	joy
	Pdf file I printed from is fine how did this even happen? Just got to hope it's just mine that went awry :s  	fear
	Dear Freshman Making out in the halls is not cute That's for our of school 	disgust
	hantuuuu RT siska0789: Wosssh apakh itu☺RT zozemandolang: nampak ada yang baru warna item di garasi *tutup mata dulu* 	surprise
	Walked to a tutorial is a downpoor and mental winds for the lecturer not to turn up! 	anger
	Its cute all these guys saying i wish all you girls looked like that Dont fucking kid yourself bro you wouldn't have a shot 	disgust
	at lukes basketball gamemaybe getting our ears pierced laterwho knows what this day could hold 	surprise
	Washing machine makes strange noise OO 	fear
	SO excited to give my secret santa their gift!  	surprise
	not a good idea to smoke before you narrate and act out a poem in class 	surprise
	two days ago I rode in short sleeves tonight I rode in under armour and a northface 	sadness
	I really hate box stores Just remember my home town being annihilated by Wal Mart 	sadness
	Rdv à tous au centre commercial& a  cet après midi dans la joie et la bonne humeur ! Une vous attendra	surprise
	Day off : haircut then work on multiple homework :O 	joy
	I received my parcel trashed It proves it was teared from backside and thing was removed  	anger
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	When you want to talk to someone but you have no idea what to talk about 	sadness
	Exhibiting addict like behavior in my quest to locate  My stash seems to be empty 	sadness
	teen mom 2 last night was disspointing same bs w/ jenelle 	surprise
	 4 HEART   activities   4 our city   is ANOINTED 4 its principalities JESUS REIGNS 	joy
	No amount of drinking could ever heal this wound  	sadness
	Una ya no esta pa estos trotes de la rumba 	sadness
	I never had a heart to heart with today 	sadness
	after 2 hours of procrastinating I'm finally going back to Due West 	joy
	I love when people call me baby girl  	joy
	Fuck my upstairs neighbors My only wish this holiday season is that they suffocate to death They are awful human beings 	anger
	When U can overcome physical  emotional urges U have arrived at your mind Within that sphere is a brain Use it!  	fear
	I want tater totscampus does not make tater tots 	sadness
	OMG!!!!!!!!!!! FUCK THAT! CHRISTMAS IS JESUS'S BIRTHDAY!!! NOTHING SHOULD BE OPEN ON THAT DAY! BNEOUWUWO 	anger
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	that OUCH moment when u found out he already have someone special	sadness
	Aw that just made my night win	surprise
	this made me laugh cause i'll be in cabo  doubt i'll be getting one !! 	sadness
	Haven't had my phone all day 	sadness
	haha good girl! doing much tonight? 	surprise
	But time now for a long bath with Inspector Morse I think  And a pint of tea  	joy
	same reason people talk behind other peoples backs 	fear
	tell me about it i miss you guys when i'm in classes i can't imagine this break 	sadness
	Just had possibly the most awkward conversation in my life 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Why hello there tweet community I absolutely love the new  app for   	surprise
	Needs to be asleep right now Dang black friday and irritated people 	disgust
	I hate people who try so hard to make people think they are genuine people but really are the bitchiest ones who talk the most shitt 	anger
	iss gets so old wack ass freshman staring at me all day 	joy
	gone be late for school today 	joy
	My niece calling to sing Happy Birthday to me  !!	joy
	that's really the risk here isn't it? That people won't lose the bigotry but learn to be quiter about it 	disgust
	4 days of school left It's going to be 4 days of hell but at least is only 4! Then I have Christmas gifts to stress about 	joy
	running on a solid 2 hours of sleep 	joy
	Someone please please cheer me up sudden wave of :(	sadness
	okay i love you hun see you at 5:30 for practice -__- 	joy
	wake up in the morning eat some flakes buck up go to work for poverty wages send your kids to  war get sick go broke repeat	fear
	Weer thuis van een goede en leuke kennismakingsgesprek FortecEindhoven Nu verder met en 	surprise
	homework and then the gym then more homework 	joy
	Do not be sad It has been  / written for you / Your will come when it is time James Kavanaugh	joy
	First time ever 4 of 5 Top Albums in US are Canadian acts But those include Nickelback and Justin Bieber  	disgust
	so apparently i have a 15 page research paper due wednesday at noon !	surprise
	The  my motivation to be stronger the is the passion increased to accomplish more and the  increases my hunger!!	anger
	is trying to KILL US THIS WEEK New haircut  Raising Hope and his for ASIA! OMGOMGOMG 	surprise
	Those night when you have absolutely nothing to do or no one to hang out with 	sadness
	When you receive last minute information that your having supper at your nonnas 	surprise
	20min on the erg as hard as you canopen SR meters will be recorded and ranked  	surprise
	Our present Society is based on which disable us 2 grow think properly  expand our thoughts Religion media education r fear sources	fear
	 I'm not at the Two Door Cinema Club concert at the Midland right now Damn sold out 2 months ago box-office  	sadness
	pfff ik haat knutselen-) gelukkig is mijn dochter wel een knutselkind dus die kan het volgend jaar mooi zelf-)) 	surprise
	I FUCKING HATE PUBLIC  SCHOOL BATHROOMSSSSS !! Themm shitsss ME !	disgust
	I'm sorry but as much as I do like Big Time Rush they should not have to use and mess up an All Time Low song for their new album 	anger
	everybody it's okay don't worry! My karma is okay they can only lower it once per day! Few hours from now? 	sadness
	Asked a kid how old he thought I was his answer: 25 thank goodness I got my lancome stuffs!  	sadness
	as soon as Brock feels that 1st solid leg kick from Overeem Brock will check out mentally sets in retreats and fights done	fear
	Nw: Laugh At My Pain | Kevin Heart 	joy
	Tiger Woods won 	surprise
	My boyfriend is Gunna love his Christmas present (: 	surprise
	 was S-trip calls your house and your parents answer not knowing their child is going on a spring break vacation 	surprise
	En dan hoor ik ineens dat mijn papa over 2 daagjes naar Parijs komt! 	surprise
	I got the same exact mark in the 3 Arabic exams we did -- !! 5air ?? 	sadness
	Shocking!! RT It's after midnight so I'm allowed to inform you that Gunner Kiel is the 2011 Indiana Mr Football 	surprise
	I never actually am alone I just always feel alone I think I'm scared of what the future holds 	fear
	I decree and declare the has NO authority over your life In Jesus Name Amen	fear
	Dude! RT Lungs88: Cabanga nje ukuthi uKeith Sweat will be performing alongside Ringo and SA jazz artists in semi-towns! 	sadness
	Spent the past half hour capturing lovely photography on 's camera  )	surprise
	The awkward moment when you wake up at 8 to find out your traveling in less that an hour :( 	sadness
	UGH  my tea for two is broken! 	sadness
	 Shot in front of their families? Actually don't think I'd like to watch my mam die!  	disgust
	|| fear not what they say or what they do All they trying to do is trip you! So keep your head up and stand strong that's living	fear
	back in the land where uggs are considered appropriate footwear and foster the people are still indie 	joy
	Really good time at the HWPA Awards today - home safe and sound and not actually feeling too wrecked!!  	joy
	Sitting in a cosy bar with my lovely husband watching the busy world go by 	joy
	 our need to always be right! RT FredericBrussat: To live a creative life we must lose our of being wrong  Joseph Chilton Pearce	fear
	Want to order something for your dreads or plugs/spirals/tunnels or some other cool product? Wait until noon tomorrow 	surprise
	So the theme for today is Find the joy and happieness in your lives today and delight in it! Go through the day with a joyful heart	joy
	Waited for my replacement phone to be delivered IT DOESN'T EVEN WORK 	anger
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Yayayayay let's go JETS can't wait for the game! You're gonna love the stadium Biggest in NFL  	surprise
	We Are Here To Love   Be Loved     for   and -  A  today Wo Hoooo!	joy
	What you make happen for others will never be deficient in your life! LenD a helping hand!     	joy
	Excuses are something people make up when they something or punk out u stepped into it so 	fear
	Bring back factor?!?	fear
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Suppose I'd better crack on Have new HV coming out to meet us 	joy
	terrified to hear singing karaoke tomorrow i think my ears might start bleeding	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Tired + Still ill + BoredWhhhyyyyyy? 	sadness
	3 Big Song Coming Peeps! !	surprise
	When your bed at home isn't as comfy as the one at school 	sadness
	 Humor  understanding of the role  plays in life bringing wealth richnessotherwise  …	joy
	I've been reading for three hours now and am almost done with  This book makes you think!  	sadness
	Cant wait until the mail comes tomorrow knows	surprise
	I second thatthis whole week will be full of coke days 	sadness
	Omg! My favorite show is coming back!! factor	fear
	Sure you have to wake up at 4am but its okay to drive across town and put gas in the car even though you were in ben 	anger
	First a friend with terminal brain cancer now another friend has suffered a major stroke and is unlikely to recover 	sadness
	Oggi dei bambini mi hanno chiesto chi aveva acceso la luce e io ho detto BABBO NATALE e loro hanno detto che non esiste nemmeno 	sadness
	It's sad u know when two people break up when both their profile pics change 	sadness
	I have hurt the ones that love me cuz you don't  	fear
	S/O to all the people on the phone venting and ranting right now 	disgust
	If the show costs three dollars there isn't free food The food is included with the three dollar ticket price Jesus 	anger
	Finally winding down at home after a great night of wrestling at 	fear
	So far Christmas is different this year I have not seen any chia pet commercials 	sadness
	Currently wishing I was at the Taylor Swift concert at MSG tonight Havn't been to a concert in a while 	sadness
	headed to meridian to watch dad race 	joy
	Je ne vous ai pas dit  vient chez moi ce week-end je vais faire une pâtisserie un truc qu'elle aime 	surprise
	Accidentally spent alot in vs but they gave me a vs fashion show shirt free 	surprise
	I'm a Chargers fan but I'm already looking forward to next year 	sadness
	hahahahahahahaha its REALLY funny cause you have no idea whats coming 	surprise
	I would breeze through them Spiders the Snakes however different matter 	fear
	School food is a letdown 	disgust
	Uma novidade pra vcs em primeira mão chegaram os biquínis da nova coleção da Joy e são muito lindos! 	joy
	Bitches screaming at a bus stop blame this driver for making them miss bus they're at the wrong stop Yes deyz black 	surprise
	There may or may not be a child growing in my stomach  	surprise
	God blesswhen I drive with my mom I fear for my life   	fear
	“To live your  in the of losing it is to lose the point of life” — Malcolm 	fear
	If you send out joy joy returns  if you send out sorrow you are still learning     	joy
	My grandfather got me mad then I pissed in his Orange juice and asked him if it's tangy when I'm angry lol 	anger
	 Woman like are a perfect 10 then others come in here looking busted  	anger
	I am very whiney today my sincere apologies Wtfuffle Rage	anger
	Omg everyone SHUT THE FUCK UP about christmas present or I'll get none of you one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -_-  !	anger
	Ma io voglio leggere Martin non il libro di Chimica Martin Non Chimica 	sadness
	im not even at Anna house and I have to drive to Gainesville 	joy
	This weekend is full of laundry and studying 	joy
	These things I have spoken to you that my may be IN you and that your joy may be  ~JESUS~~~~~John 15:11	joy
	I now know what you have always ment about your music  I may have just started  I may not be great but I feel in it	joy
	That I'm already in bed and missing drakes performance 	sadness
	Rule of thumb when boozin with a group of buddies never be the last to pay the bill 	surprise
	Telling a moving out story  	sadness
	_Tillweoverdose: people think im done because of my skin colour!!! 	anger
	Weeping may endure for a night but cometh in the morning Im excited about my 	joy
	I feel your a guy in my class was drinking a monster while eating chocolate covered bread sticks dipped in fudge	disgust
	I heard the piñata break so I ran to that motherfucker but it was filled with Mexican candy 	sadness
	i love the face that rapist's make when i get into their van give them candy and rape them 	surprise
	Gedichtje gemaakt en spulletjes bij elkaar geraapt om een mooie surprise in elkaar te flansen!  	surprise
	 Is The Friend That Wants You AroundIs The Enemy That Wants To Keep You DownChoose to be !!!! :-)	sadness
	And with that back to filling out more paper work 	joy
	Just got amazing customer service at Keurig! Thanks so much for fixing my brewer! 	surprise
	I did see earlier tweets But I've now exposed you as a Brooker-pilfering charlatan   	sadness
	lekkerrr! Wij zijn ook al een heel eind inclusief gedicht! Yeah I love early birds :-) 	surprise
	 when people have their iPods up way to loud I am becoming one through weareloonlake Woops	fear
	Just got  by my galfrend coz i ddnt invite her to my party! How dope!	surprise
	I live when friends come over with Buddha 	surprise
	why would anyone purchase something you had an artistic input on? 	disgust
	OMFG Californication girly band covered Skid Row 	surprise
	I hate watching fat old ladies munch on sunflower seeds 	disgust
	Haha was wel leuke dag op school ♥	surprise
	bby give me back my name plate :( 	sadness
	French exam tomorrow NAAT	joy
	I might be looking in all the wrong places and looking for all the wrong reason 	sadness
	I just found out that my sister was going to regift a present and give it to me for Christmas A gift that I originally gave her 	disgust
	after a long day at the arena im now off to work   all to do the exact same things tomorrow 	joy
	Forgot to tell that I was changing my hairstyle came home with shorter darker hair 	surprise
	Volgend jaar iets grappigs maken van een luciferdoosje of een kuipje boter 	surprise
	Cup of tea in this freezing weather is 	joy
	Once again I bow to the magnificence that is the box of Mr Kipling Mince Pies Obesity can ( attempt) to kiss my arse 	joy
	when your free today check in my locker 	surprise
	The of loving or atleast allowing yourself to fall for a person who you know prolly won't fall for you yet it feels so ryt!!!☹☺	fear
	Its funny how we take a day a year to dress up in costumes and celebrate 	fear
	just found out my aunt from arizona is here and coming to our thanksgiving lunch!  :')	surprise
	zo met oma en mam ff naar de action en nog wat	surprise
	The shell must break before the bird can fly ~Alfred Tennyson  for   and -  A  today!	joy
	Sometimes we just make it unnecessarily hard  the maelstrom of living overcomes Rest Gratitude 	joy
	“Morr_ell6: Can't wait to watch Factor again ”ftw	fear
	found a note in my car! :)	surprise
	Get all the way to dyfatty  only THEN do I get a tx that the kids not in school today Niceeee oneeee! Have to drive through town now 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will no evil for you are with me	fear
	Nothing breaks my heart more than a sick baby 	sadness
	A chunk of our tree lights are out I have to go to the STORE ahhhhhh!  	sadness
	trying to write a lesson plan I'm new to this and apparentyl I SUCK!! 	sadness
	wow your girlfriend is pretty   	surprise
	!! RT YeahhKemp: Ughhhh I HATE Potato Salad  Macaroni Salad ! 	disgust
	I'm hoping I fall asleep before the stampede scene 	sadness
	Danny is all excited and is going to pop in tomorrow when he is passing to score some more Christmas budgeting is FUN 	surprise
	Neither do I But eventually you won't be drunk and John will go to Jessica 	sadness
	Yeah that's a good thing! BTW you use twitter as much I use EFP for *HUO* fanfictions! Dammit! Regina dislike that 	sadness
	The fugitive is such a good movie  	surprise
	Faced a major today My first time on the bike to office 	fear
	If I never had to see that couple of virgin diaries kiss again I would be the happiest person alive 	disgust
	my brothers girlfriend I just met today? yeah she has to sleep in my room tonight I have to sleep in my living room 	joy
	Hey I miss you guys :') dateng ke rumah yook mama papa udh pulang lhoo :D_aiix: let pasukan do that haha	surprise
	just got fucking rinsed at parents evening 	joy
	zo naar Sacha lekker shoarma eten en daarna taart cake en koekjes bakken voor morgen avond 	surprise
	False Expectation Acting Real 	fear
	dont too much to hope  it will make you too much to hurt should i say it to you my idol ? 	sadness
	Is full of     Just can't wait to make this happen 3 XO	fear
	Or a lot of other actors for that matter I'm just having a Chris Evans situation atm 	surprise
	in the mood for sweets and my shop is closed 	sadness
	Why isn't announcing the amazing Duke game?! 	anger
	my god! i been trying to open this bag of take out for like 10 min i just stabbed the bag with my fork 	anger
	Did you know there's a remake of The Wicker Man?! Is nothing sacred? 	disgust
	Loneliness It can cause a bad effect-- when we least expect it and have the lowest tolerance for it I only want it when I'm reading 	fear
	Have you accepted what God is holding out to you      ? 	joy
	Getting ready for the last show at The Mad Hatter 	sadness
	Tomorrow I have physics exam and I lost the book 	joy
	you  justin should go to the wax museum  justin can pose like a figure freak people out -lol   AlfredoFlores: LA ✈ DC	surprise
	great computerhoven got nominated   it has no soul period	joy
	Centre des impots me voilà amis twittos si je n'ai pas tweeté d'ici 24h c'est que la file d'attente aura eu raison de moi 	fear
	God does not live to serve you you live to serve Him 	joy
	   ✨   all no reason to take a life   or die trying 	anger
	Somehow managed to fling my sock into the toilet And the cherry? I hadn't flushed yet 	joy
	what and myself have up our sleeves for our parents xmas present is pretty amazing :) 	surprise
	Over 3000 words later i'm finally done! Now to wake up early tomorrow to practice the 7 minute speech 	joy
	:c RT dope_ass_pepe: Its weird how I tweet but yet I've never talked to her at school? Oo 	sadness
	Another reason to hate Hitler: he made the subscriptions that fall out of your magazine Just when we thought you couldnt be lamer 	surprise
	Na een leuk dagje op het voetbalveld vanavond een feestje Met veel vrienden in een kantinekomt wel goeddenk ik:-) 	surprise
	Nay those scare me bra! 	fear
	I know your joking cos it's all  in the family Thought of drink gives me 	fear
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Only with would I try to get a bottle of water and realize it's tequila 	surprise
	Shit no he's coming over too oh well I guess 	anger
	That's really the only problem Ppl think they should naturally only love and be fulfilled by 1 person When it doesn't happen?  	fear
	48 hours and a few minutes until  is over Forget what my upper lip looks like 	surprise
	MishaBarnes1: the dynamics of our ofc has gotten bitter since u left Not sure how to take that!  	sadness
	exiled in my own home  i don't know what for  	sadness
	GCMF Greysonators!! DO YOU LOVE OUR NEW PAGE PICTURE? C:& must read ALL THE WORDS on that picture! -winks- DDD	surprise
	D'oh RTTBONEWFNZ: Anna Kooiman leaving   Excuse me for a second I need to collect my thoughts 	sadness
	Hashtag of the day:  I love America and all facets of its complex compilation of humanity 	fear
	Walking down the drive is the longest part of the journey to school 	joy
	“APRILannGaStOn:  calls you beautiful instead of hot or sexy” I've never been called beautiful 	sadness
	I have decided to end my English presentation with an Ahnold clip from Total Recall lol 	surprise
	Making bows for christmas 	joy
	Goin to get me a anklet wit 3 intials and a date TAT	surprise
	Volleyball season is over correction high school volleyball is over /3  	sadness
	“RT no hoe lol” You better watch Out lil Nigga ! No bi*** you better watch out lmao” BEOTCHH !!!	surprise
	Lost debit card left my computer charger at home  woke up with the flu today It's gonna be one of& weeks 	joy
	Icing on the top was the video Surreal  sickening It's interesting how things like this go viral 	disgust
	I'm definitely wearing something neutral over my red in Baton Rouge next week 	fear
	cool thanks mate I've yours too Hope you like oranges :) 	surprise
	Andare a fare shopping e tornare a mani vuote a casa 	sadness
	Hopsakaas alle sinterklaascadeautjes  in de pocket! Nu alleen nog wat gerijmbijm en geknutsel en gefrutsel  	surprise
	Good Shout Going to take a very long fag break Then return to my 3 2000 word essays Good luck to us 	joy
	A week ago I was at Consol Energy Center getting ready to see Jay-Z and Kanye West Now I am memorizing drugs 	sadness
	No Black Friday for me tomorrow :( 	sadness
	Found out my friend is pregnant -___-	joy
	One thing I won't miss about high school: bathrooms 	disgust
	And off to work I goin the rain and wind 	joy
	Making the best bubble bath by putting every single bath soap in 	joy
	i hate it when you play online you start winning for once and then the person quits 	sadness
	learning how to spot out b*tches more each day at a time 	sadness
	It's a small world Leaving Utrecht central station I bump into friends from barcelona So Well have dinner together 	surprise
	Landed Hellooooo Denver It feels SO good to be home   	joy
	bwahaha!! Alam ko na sagot dun pards! E ikaw? Ayaw m share sa akin plans m0? Haha :))	surprise
	Hahahaa awkward moment tonight 	surprise
	Mrs Bowers comes back tomorrow 	joy
	nwatkins2: do people seriously do that? YES! CREEPY BOYS! Ah Scared the shit outtta me! Hate it when that happens	surprise
	You follow me i follow u i dnt play that u follow me i wait till u tell me to followback naw ! im unfollow me i unfollow u	fear
	The awkward moment when someone you hate thinks their opinion is valid :	anger
	on an unrelated note just realized some1 unfollowed from my account months of missedtweets 	anger
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Time to turn my twitter frown upside down: Michael Bublé Christmas is currently playing on my Pandora! 	joy
	A lovely night of revision ahead Sounds just lovely -_- 	joy
	Just got offbout to go home and change clothes and go to my bitch baby shower She sound to happy Lol	surprise
	If  talk goes in faith talk should come out in and fear normally comes out No surprise just the law of sowing and reaping	fear
	hoiiii en jij zit naast mij leuk joh ^^ je kijkt net :)	surprise
	loser What you doing? I'm eating my weight in pizza 	joy
	Man has created almost all of the things that threaten his survival  steal his joy  peace 	sadness
	my credit is gone there yaaa ill go in tomor ill be head  heard that alright earlier 	surprise
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	Some days you turn up to a gig to find its a double headliner with another band you like 	surprise
	got to sit next to for the rest of the night 	joy
	A week off work will deffo put the in to you on Sunday :(	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Significant memories bring back 	sadness
	Just heard the strangest noise outside ever sounded like a goat yet my minds convinced me its something ready to abduct me 	fear
	I wish this four day weekend lasted forever Back to work in about 17 hours 	sadness
	Actually don't taste so bad 	surprise
	im missing this girl more and more each day 	sadness
	Moms bday today Gonna ship something just a few days late I bet she will just figure I forgot and boom  	surprise
	not only my back but now my knee is acting up 	joy
	Got my phone taken at school till friday 	joy
	Religious?!!! Hah!! That's fake bull-shit!! And condemning taboos never made any difference but made things worse!! 	disgust
	Marketing project down Now let's get started on this Psych Final Essay 	joy
	I'm going to change my twitter name to mary iloveryan martin oh wait That's lame as FUCK   	anger
	Laying under the christmas with my bff and my retarded sister 	joy
	n yh I thought that am strong enough but am not surprise	surprise
	 and I friendship has fallen off We don't even text anymore 	sadness
	I'm speaking of one specific person who has made me rethink so much about KYA  	anger
	Ugh -___- stuck at my grandma's house with my annoying dad for the next few hours	joy
	on the other hand it does mean i have one less test to worry about 	joy
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	great parade in hawaii :) gna be sad leaving lando behind tmrw but i cant wait to get home!  	sadness
	Watching this T Pain video This man is sick  	disgust
	Christmas season in my house 	joy
	Prez 1 to me whilst on the phone: I might throw up 	joy
	you find true and  in  when you give and  and go on giving and never count the 	joy
	Day after your birthday/christmas= worst days ever  	sadness
	On my new laptop! But my parents are taking it away until Christmas in a few ): -Summer	sadness
	That unfortunate moment when you remember a favorite shirt of yours and have no idea where it went 	sadness
	I miss everyone :( JeremyBell21my real family bores me 	sadness
	2 out of 2 days working and ive had customers shout and swear at me Only 6 more days of working to go 	joy
	I'm not totally sober and I'm at home 	sadness
	Make God the eye of your storm and find peace calmness quietness and faith to SPEAK peace be still in the name of Jesus 	joy
	I remember when Lupe would rap for the length that I just heard and the world would be unearthed when he was through 	sadness
	Yeahhhhh LE contrat que j'attendais depuis 3 mois est arrivé !!! La question c'est  ou pas	surprise
	Had to register online with games workshop not sure if i unticked the send me a newsletter box 	joy
	Boss: here's some keys Go drive my huge land rover Me: WUT? 	fear
	Esta noche todo el mundo en la menos yo Yuujuuse le llama  Jajajajajaja	joy
	I had one follower Then I lost him  On the plus side 2 more weeks till  -	sadness
	If you have a journal don't read the past :( 	sadness
	A magnificent piece of anti-war literature A Must Read for anyone who like me is dubious of the assertion Our Glorious Dead	fear
	So basically im the Counselor of our group that has split	joy
	Bogue chitto bound with a broke cruise control 	joy
	Je me suis bien amusé à troller alias le mec qui bloque quand t'es pas d'accord avec lui 	sadness
	Our worship should change the world Even if it's one life it's one change for the better This is the time to be infectious! 	joy
	Watching National Guard unit's homecomingwhy can't they bring the boys in Afghanistan home?!! 	sadness
	Mon prof d'svt est flippant 	fear
	This job consists of only like 6 females and 30 engineers mosty old ones There was one cute young one 	joy
	*Please dont let bad win* And let good flourish*P*L*E*A*S*E* I would love this pain to stop*2b able2smile again* I wld leap for 	joy
	Is There a life after Death?! make me angry and find out !   	anger
	: The audio script file is corrupted So I've to wait to get home to do work to it I'll do edits on the hard copy and re-type it 	surprise
	it don't matterI know my shit better be under that tree! Or Santa at the mall is gone be in for a 	surprise
	Thanks for all the people who is always supported me till now I wanna say thank u so much Bye Indonesian 	sadness
	There is only one thing that makes a  impossible to achieve: the of failure	fear
	Calculonimbus final tomorrow wish a  luck     	fear
	Wait I GOOOOOOOT MY TICKEEEEETS TO THE COOONCEEEERRRRTTTTTTTTTT  I'm one step closer to the dream 	joy
	how can me and kiss our teeth at the same time LOOOOL 	anger
	Jazzy  really moving like shit  	joy
	Hate forwards that say if you do not forward this to 9 ppl god will not love you I'm pretty sure god will still love me ! :(	sadness
	is rememered  and is projecting it into the future  comes from pain with blame Primary pain creates 	fear
	well speak fucking english sis oh ps cyah friday gurl ~ 	surprise
	look if we can't make the occasional crass sexual joke about serious protests the terrorists have already won 	fear
	Conveniently waking up from a nightmare  not being able to sleep again 	joy
	don't join in ==a RT Teacher who prohibit their students for competition is just SOAB!!!   	anger
	4 day till  now where did i put those tickets 	fear
	I don't dare to meet up with people anymore after today 	fear
	Yeah it does! Esp since I want to pursue an acting career  	sadness
	might be a huge bruise forming on my forehead :( 	sadness
	needs to stop tweeting repulsive things 	anger
	I want to know how love actually feels like :/ so lonely and hopeless these days  & will my life shift gears? 	sadness
	is a friend that you misunderstood but I know the  is good	fear
	Just found out I'm a great aunt  	surprise
	I miss my college friends 	sadness
	My Anti-fear mantra is To : no rejection not what people think about me no failure no man to only have the fear of God	fear
	I would love to taste all this yummy food my mom brought me but I can't taste shit cause I'm sick 	sadness
	i screwed myself over when it came to having any chance of sleep Stayed up late last night slept in super late this morning  	joy
	We bring our Christmas tree home (live) and the dog starts peein on it 	surprise
	Side effect of not smoking reefer 	anger
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	wat iisz facebook comiin t2 they put anutha viideo of ah giirl suckiin ah stiick SMH 	sadness
	Dear God make the person Who's On my mind Die (Ameen) 	anger
	Its not  anymore Take care of your wiley body hair You shouldn't have been doing that shit in the first place 	disgust
	Stay here coz i will be sharing v awesome stuff till 2 or u can come back by 2 lol  it will make ur weekend just perfect 	surprise
	My hair is going red againwhen I dyed it black I wanted it to be black :( 	anger
	Funny how this bitch doesn't hang out with me just cause I'm a smoker  now she is hanging out with mad smokers oh! she doesn't know! 	joy
	Had a fantastic night at Ithaca College 	surprise
	“hartramsey: is an automatic response 2 bad treatment It's our declaration that we  will not tolerate certain types of behavior”	anger
	Waking up early tomorrow :( 	joy
	There is also a reason why no one can use the 2nd area of practice room lmao I bet yall didn't even know about that!	surprise
	My alarm click just said alarm will sound in 1 1/2 hours    ?	disgust
	i come home to find no one home :( wah	surprise
	Vous pensez vraiment que le PP et Rajoy peuvent remettre en cause le droit à l'avortement et le mariage (et l'adoption) gay ? 	fear
	literally the funniest moment of my life right there Ahahahah 	surprise
	this movies disgusting why the fuck am I even watching it lmfao how to eat fried worms 	disgust
	Rappel: d'ici au 31/12 les banques européennes doivent présenter des ratios de solva corrects malgré les pertes sur la Grèce 	fear
	im literally shaking with concert is going to be the highlight of my year 	joy
	yeah my back box has split Need a new one Can't tell ya yet though 	surprise
	It's funny because you don't even see this coming 	surprise
	[Les Sessions Melody Nelson on constant repeat] 	joy
	The awkward house chat in an hour 	joy
	NEW MUPPET MOVIE WAS PHENOMENON YOU GUYS! So many excellent life lessons        	joy
	needs to stop getting distracted by Hallmark Movies 	sadness
	- i pity the fool who took your call lol customer service at many places in this day and age is terrible 	anger
	Wake up in a good for 30 mins later someone to kill it FFS 	anger
	classic missing a train by 30 seconds because a woman was walking at the pace of a hedgehog arguing on the phone 	joy
	My pet rescue Chickens make me laugh everyday!  (ever seen 16 chickens fight over toast  marmite - too funny)	joy
	Travis and I are actually hanging out together watching football and hunting 	surprise
	So it looks like will miss Poland this time Such a sad story 	sadness
	I hate the moment when suddenly my turns into  :|	anger
	Tu me manques nos tiny me manque nos délires me manque vivement qu'on rattrape le temps perdu mon chou 3 :(	sadness
	Oh shit! I can't solve the base! 	anger
	Question: has anyone ever seriously thought that Anna Wintour reads market research?  	surprise
	atleast I don't talk to people I've never even met 	sadness
	I struggled with and  for years that prevented me from learning to drive Finally got my license this year 	fear
	In wrld most f d river dam's coz to changing dat situated places as an erth quik area Wat hpnd if a new dam build in  	fear
	Love is the highest vibration in the Universe It sends shivers of up my spine!  for   and 	joy
	So cute ☺ RT Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	My pride is going to backfire on me one day 	fear
	Very possible that i will be recieving an Iphone 4S for christmas after recieving a text message from verizon congratulating me 	surprise
	Can't wait for a 12 hour shift tomorrow starting at 4am 	joy
	1John 4:10-21 -  n do not go hand in hand You can't have both the same time	fear
	Man I really want some olive garden wish my hubby was home to take me :( 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	crazyGFprobz: should i tell u im coming over or just show up and prepare myself for the worst  hahaha!	surprise
	haha :) don't get to excited Ok I'll see u tomorrow some time :) xx	surprise
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	why would you ignore it from ME though?! I started it I'm never there anymore It's a big deal when I say it	sadness
	Psalm 48:2  for situation the of the whole  on the sides of the  the  of the  King 	joy
	i think its interesting why this news is not on any major tvjournal today!  	fear
	I love fighting with my boyfriend about stupid shit :( 	anger
	jk no nap for me found out I have a project due in 30 minutes I forgot about 	surprise
	 when you bring up someone's birthday party and they didn't know about it 	surprise
	Tomorrow's SundayThat means school Monday 	sadness
	I freak out over  and even offer pie and/or cake and he still isn't my best friend? 	sadness
	Saw a Poster on a rickshaw today: Bharat se rishta kya nafrat ka inteqaam ka! 	sadness
	Nano recall and i can't find mine owhereowhereowhere?? 	anger
	Soo happy my main man is outta prison 90 days?  next time we're sneaking me into the tanning bed 	surprise
	Loudly singing to Ceremonials and writing again  :) I don't know what changed my mind but I'm happy	joy
	Taking it out on sm1 else isn't the ans Bottling it up isn't either We all nid a 'proper' release An outlet Hmmn 	anger
	I'm gonna see if will follow me i'ma go bed now and in the morning I'll see if she's done it 3 	surprise
	it auto corrected on my phone from when I spelled it wrong in a text before !!  	anger
	curl around the concrete to keep warm on the dark nights and no debbie wont come and get you she hates missing x factor 	sadness
	TO THE WORLD! THE  HAS COME! LET EARTH RECEIVE HER KING!!!!!! 	joy
	feet are killing  hate standing all day work 	sadness
	Anticipating my death It's been a nice life 	fear
	Sorry kiddies no service today due to Mechanic issues   Stay tuned for updates 	sadness
	I think I just found out who sent them! What a sweet gesture :) 	surprise
	okay you can't say chipped after that you're officially dismissed from this convo after that statement 	disgust
	mi hermana no confia en mi yo tanto q la quiero pero 	sadness
	Wanting to through your blackberry across the room when it won't send my messages 	anger
	how do you expect me to have respect for you when you took advantage of a drunk girl 	disgust
	My boyfriend has gone to melkbos till the weekend 	sadness
	Goedemorgen! Als Barney zo afgelopen is gaat dochter in bad en dan moet ik even boodschappenlijstje maken 	joy
	Finally getting to sleep after a long and work filled dayjust to wake for another day just like it 	joy
	JenBunny1985: I have nothing against ugly people just ugly people who call other people uglythat's just ridiculous	sadness
	Happy birthday ! No such fitness is on this years Xfactor 	sadness
	just saved $70 bucks on blu ray DVDs at Walmart ) i love black Friday	disgust
	-does the same with the disco stick- RT Just_Stark: [can't resist and pokes Magnus with the angry stick] RT BadassBane: 	anger
	Last day of  today! I i'm so excited at the same time so sad 	sadness
	L'autre jour quand j'ai vu TP en top tweet  j'ai crus que mon prof de physique s'était mit à Twitter 	fear
	Get to work from five to ten today 	joy
	damn just realized that I am not going to be able to watch half the hockey game tonight 	sadness
	Holding in is like holding a grenade after pulling the pin 1:It's stupid 2:it/you are going to explode at any moment	anger
	u dont wanna lose to MUSA is that what it isscared money dont make no moneyCash	fear
	As we will never forget all Veterans or 9/11 may we always remember the true meaning of  & is the reason 4all seasons 	joy
	Bless you lady knows what angry birds is? 	surprise
	if you would just teach me how to drive stick on a hill (WELL) then id be happy 	anger
	i cant do it I honestly dont think Im going to make it through the rest of the yearand idk how to do the outline 	surprise
	MULTI COMBO KILL ! (avec des bisounours sadiques dedans)	fear
	Is snotty achey and has a cough like a dog and now am going to an ICT course 	joy
	The trains stopped in the middle of nowhere and said there's problem 	joy
	i still remember when i first met salma she thought i was a mean lemon :( laneisha did too 	sadness
	The  could be more than just a sport I am now viewing this as a perfect example for practising replacement of 	anger
	I just had an early happy b-day surprise planned by my lovely wife at the Avenue in Tallahassee 	surprise
	Poor Josh drove all the way home :( 	sadness
	I thought that was waterturns out it was straight vodka 	surprise
	Its so windy! I feel sorry for ppl who don't have heat 	sadness
	Brutal night!     going to be cranky tomorrow! 	joy
	You're and innappropriate person! and I dont like sex/sexual activities! so thats a negative! :p hoe!	joy
	Mean Girls 2 is the stupidest movie ever It shouldn't even be qualified to be a movie 	disgust
	When it comes to womenguys never trust other guys  even your own friend can make a move on your own girl 	anger
	Nearly time to go for the antenatal class cant say im looking forward to it  Sat around making moaning noises and humming apparantly 	joy
	mr mayo makes my cream o casserole craving so satiated  	joy
	Wow people these days Stop being so selfish Your not the only person who matters on this earth 	disgust
	It's after midnight so I'm allowed to inform you that Gunner Kiel is the 2011 Indiana Mr Football 	surprise
	 Shooter Hunt was selected by the  in the AAA portion of the Rule 5 draft 	surprise
	Think its time to finish some homework 	joy
	Bout to go visit  at work he just don't know it (:	surprise
	my weekend consists of various greek/church related things 	joy
	My arms hurt so much from yoga yesterday that I don't think I could punch anyone if I tried And I love to punch people 	sadness
	Can't wait till bro gets home 	surprise
	Tomorrow I'm going to get nd Jaela frm school early nd takin my grls to lunch L0L 	surprise
	That feeling when you actually complete your homework 	joy
	home now  going to bed & am final then classes all day someone send me a goodnight texttt3	joy
	I love telling people I have a degree 	surprise
	Smokesuminden RT MrTinkTinkIzFlY: Can't stand whn I get off that's when I'm WIDE AWAKE {O_O}  	sadness
	The feeling you get when your trainers tell you that your football team is going to be dissolved after christmas 	sadness
	I hate the DentistWith a passion	fear
	Factor Coming Back Yay!!!!!!!!	fear
	Nieuwe tas en bakspullen gekregen voor sinterklaas maar ben toch t meest blij met just dance 3 	surprise
	Kuya: anong gift mo sa kanya?& wallet with pic of me and him& Magugulat un! XD wahaha 	surprise
	Tak payah nak love me long time sangat lah  Bontot aku basah sampai dekat SSP kot and I was shivering the whole time in the car :| 	anger
	Iron horse didn't ID me?  	surprise
	 season is coming and we have a in store for you stay tunes for updates!	surprise
	you should be getting your early x mas present sometime in the next couple weeks 	surprise
	I just realized the eggnog I bought has high fructose corn syrup in it  	sadness
	Such a pointless day at college just ate mcdonalds now for fitness 	joy
	Oo last night I dreamed about George Can't wait to see him this Xmas 	joy
	Bout to drink da rest of dis vodka 	sadness
	thats different! Some of em prolly didnt even know his name till he started playin at NC State! 	sadness
	Made it to Amsterdam an hour early Now it looks like I have to sit here for 5 hours 	joy
	5 days till cruise with best friend  should probably get started on that homework though   	joy
	I officially can't sleep I hate going to sleep mad 	anger
	I wish my and twitter friends were in my real life :( 	sadness
	we are meeting at his house later tonight to surprise him 	surprise
	My view of Egypt summed in 2 contradicting words and  Love you Egypt	fear
	Hate how weak my nails are!!!! Had to cut them all each one of them were breaking :( 	sadness
	Spent $66 on 3 books already how bout I send you $10 and get the last 3?  This deal makes me sad!  	sadness
	First mark of the year Dayum what a bad bad mark 	sadness
	Survived the dinner with the landlady Actually turned into a political discussion  	surprise
	Working tomorrow morning with my bowtie 	joy
	-- I swear I hate this damn Kmart it smells like those cheap ass shoes the strong smelling plastic ones 	disgust
	Dude Squid good post on the Justing Bieber freestyle I despise the kid but he fuckin freestyle slayed it 	surprise
	Hoe kan je gemakkelijk een gitaar namaken van karton? 	surprise
	My previous tweet was a lie by :)	surprise
	just walked past a group of sellick fans wae a boiz scerf on they were hit with the  	fear
	Y a 5 minutes j'me suis rendu compte qu'j'avais mal à la jambe J'matte j'ai une énorme brûlure/griffure J'sais pas d'où elle sort 	fear
	Sometimes little things make me crazy happy Hint water was on sale today so I stocked up 	joy
	Youtube TAKE DOWN FRIDAY BY REBEKA BLACK! People keep PLAYING it on Friday's and I'm going to stab someone with a pen! 	anger
	Bought to start my big journey to Delaware: first to Claymont then New Castle and then Dover 	joy
	Finally some restafter three weeks of daily working trying to get in a Xmas spirit for my grandchildren whose mother is sick 	sadness
	I like watching play Gears of War 	anger
	finally finished my unit 3 work! hurray! 	joy
	Gonna look right now  RT mbaileythecool: Akon comes with changeable bar colors Look in the box !!!	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The answer I got was forgiveness compassion and just keep being and being present and in the now  not 	fear
	The free burlesque show was actually decent last night 	surprise
	We're ALL afraid of something herebc u ain't human w/o 	fear
	If only I woke up 20 minutes earlier I could've tried to get to follow mee :( 	sadness
	I had the bomb ass dinner tonight  	joy
	Just realized that its going to be like 10 months before I'm back at WillyBUSC!! (Not including the spring game) 	sadness
	Eenieder die vanmiddag/- avond Sinterklaas op bezoek krijgt wens ik een (ont)spannen(d) samenzijn toe! 	surprise
	Bout to send my bae a  message lol lol	surprise
	Tu peux développer le et tout (il doit me rester des adidas montantes quelque part sinon)	fear
	there's an excessive amount of douche bags on my plane  	surprise
	ah I'm apparently incompetent 	surprise
	Call Tweet and mourn us for today is and my last day in studio until next semester! 	sadness
	HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO UURS YOU R SUCH A GIVER OF 	joy
	happy birthday best friend 	surprise
	Today i ate la paz batchoy for lunch   	joy
	waking up to a quiet house? wow haha	surprise
	there is no such thing as 'muslim' anger This is yet another instance of bigots trying to oppres women  	fear
	struggling to function right now shower it is I need to wake my self up! let's hope I don't fall 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Dose anyone know any good bands coming somewhere near Boston anytime soonI havent been to a concert in a while 	sadness
	You rose from death to victory You reign in life Oh majesty Your name be high and lifted up Jesus Jesus alive in us!  	joy
	my uncles UWP free party and a whole set of labour ppl line up aredy!!! Smfh :/ 	disgust
	Haha Not Gonna Lie That Justin Bieber Macy's Comercial Was Pretty Dam Funny 	surprise
	At a friend's bridal shower Something special to share in a new bride's 	joy
	sounds awful but alot of people are dying recently :(( 	sadness
	Guess I should tell I'm savin the pic she posted of my itty today since I dnt see them much ne more 	sadness
	Boooooo not getting my phone fixed until tomorrow 	sadness
	9 décembre 2011 l Europe à 2 vitesses est définitivement en marche 	sadness
	People's actions toward you mirror back a reflection of who you really are What Did You Learn Today?	anger
	that moment when fresh cooked cookies come out the over and they just start to harden 	disgust
	When your so called 'friend' becomes a stranger as soon as she's got a boyfriend! Hahahaha you'll soon realise how silly you've been 	anger
	Bardstown rd aglow is stupid Quit parking in front of my house for this stupid 'event'   	anger
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	okay! Obviously my obesity is getting out of hand but after christmas I will be eating salad every night :) 	joy
	Love when mt boyfriend gets drunk and then no one knows where he is 	joy
	The seed of suffering in you may be strong but don't wait until you have no more suffering before allowing happiness by T Nhat Hanh 	joy
	Courage is not absence of fear it is control of fear mastery of fear - Mark Twain  courage 	fear
	Crafting and Hell Boy not to mention getting my new phone today AND Newspaper Banquet with gorgeous dress  	joy
	Apparently I attract bisexual girls under 5 feet tall 	surprise
	PUIS ! Ils ont verrouillés les PC et sont partis en mode total nous disant qu'on avait juste le droit d'être là  x)	fear
	did michael give any extra info on the presentation? All thats on moodle is the question and idk what else he wants 	surprise
	i am at home and in bed and it's only ten what is wrong with me? oh yeah this week kicked my butt and i have ACT 	joy
	Sometimes it takes to know  noise to   and absence to value  ~ Unknown  	sadness
	That boy Albreezy is drunk as fuck right now ROTFLMBAO	sadness
	hell 2 the yes! Gonna be crazyyy! No telling what will actually happen tho :) this day needs to go by faster!!! ugh	surprise
	follow me back - thts the least you cud do since you dnt talk to me anymore :(:( 	sadness
	exact en plus ! (genre quoi t'es une espionne? ) 	fear
	I never got a chance 2b my fathers child n yet u ask me to kneel? 	anger
	Love driving home and seeing our Christmas lights on  	joy
	Het Sinterklaascadeau heeft met een dag vertraging dan ook mijn lieve vriendin in Canada bereikt! 	surprise
	Such a good day worth not doing hw :) 	surprise
	I wish I could baby! I'm feeling lonely too! 	sadness
	U laughn I'm dead ass serious «“_Born2Grind: Broke niggas me ewwwww”ctfu»	disgust
	You know when someone says something and you just think 'next time why not just punch me in the face'? Yeah that Over dinner 	joy
	Thank goodness for The Hunger Games to save me from boredom since there's no glee tonight 	sadness
	You never cared because you had her this whole time! I was just the side show again!  	surprise
	Aidy Boothroyd to  rumour is growing louder by the hourand some fans are already moaning before it has been confirmed! 	surprise
	Genieten met de hele fam   en een geweldige surprise voor mij door broerlief! Mijn iPhone van hout	surprise
	Woke up late missed the bus and its raining This is going to be a great day 	joy
	There is food There is also a larger crowd here than I have ever seen at this time 	fear
	My stupid vevo app won't load Dx 	sadness
	First day working at Aeropostale Yeah I know it's Black Friday 	joy
	So my pic flood will start in 5 minutes If you don't like wrestling or a fan of my photography  you were warned	fear
	Trust No nigga bc they your potential trust No women bc all they  is your potential 	fear
	The Lord taketh pleasure in them that fear him in those that hope in his mercy& 147:11 (KJV)   	fear
	Literally NO ONE is texting me back today 	anger
	Weer lekker thuis van schoolen ja hoorweer boem veel homework--	joy
	Sometimes when I am  I have the right 2 be angry But that doesn't give me the right 2 be cruel~The Only Way Is Up 	anger
	How does my sister get jwinno cambo97 and all those people to follow her D: 	sadness
	Remember that very little is needed to make a happy life ~ Marcus Aurelius  RT anitabondi	joy
	Wonderful reminder: FredericBrussat: To live a  life we must lose our of being wrong  Joseph Chilton Pearce”	fear
	¿Y si lo que quisite evitar con fuerza para otra persona te estuviera pasando a ti sin apenas notarlo? 	fear
	WTF she damn near a super model she must think I have money lol 	surprise
	ik heb mama mama heeft Daan Daan heeft papa en papa heeft mij haha =) 	surprise
	Set up a couple of computers and taught I/O devices to children in StLouis orphanage home :) 	joy
	most of the contents on my Christmas list is things 	surprise
	Obsessed with everything at the moment In fact I'm always in love It doesn't fade  	joy
	i can't stand telling a guy with three word 'i like you' scared of the reaction 	fear
	Nerves are all edgy tonight been like it all day tooth posioning I expect will have to go to denist putting it off 3 years  	fear
	I hate it when I catch a wiff of someone elses fart	anger
	It's DECEMBER?? oh holy crap when did THAT happen?! 	surprise
	eu sou a melhor da melhor do mundo em dar tiradas em mim mesmo kkk' 	fear
	Diyasul: Is he cumin out again!!! surprise RT SenBash yeah! That's what he said In Kaduna	surprise
	Randy get your historical facts right There are history majors in the audience 	surprise
	yeah that ain't good mate I feel like I'm gonna shit myself any second 	fear
	Behangplaksel aangemaakt surprise-lol kan beginnen: Angry bird dit keer 	surprise
	Dyed my hurrr good thing it turned out 2 shades darker than it was supposed too 	joy
	Jeee playboy gekregen van die goedheiligman 	surprise
	I've been planning a trip since September for to go to the  concert in Chi - they're sold out today :( babe 	surprise
	You know I spend money cause spending time is hopeless and know I pop bottles cause i bottle my emotions  	fear
	Pssssh We're looking at the first snow today  Maybe a sheet of ice too 	joy
	Brussels sprouts with sea salt and a couple of quick quesadillas 	joy
	My family insists on getting food they know I can't eat 	sadness
	  I dropped cupcakes in the grass on our way to crash 's bday party and ate them 	surprise
	Anger is the key to all  Imam Jaffar al Sadiq (as)  	anger
	Gasp! Someone mentioned me in a tweet?! Nope just spam 	sadness
	Watching  Ten ACC Challenge Let's go Terps! The Turtle	fear
	Visto un video spoiler di  dove Santana fa coming-out con la nonna Dico solo: Tante lacrime! 	sadness
	 properly going somewhere adventurous or watching  one of the too! I love a haha!	surprise
	Take My Crown To The Grave Imma Underground Queen 	joy
	I hate when girls in soccer rub up all against you dude we are not playing basketball theirs a huge field 	disgust
	It's basically coming a downpour at the track right now 	sadness
	Looked under the tree  found some presents for 'amy' Which is weird coz i only asked for one thing  it hasnt even arrived yet 	surprise
	Adding Prince Royce to my mothers Pandora account because I know how much she loves her Spanish music lmfao 	surprise
	well since we're confessing crap me and alejandro do make fun of you 	surprise
	My gosh zainab is tooo stupid Ugh 	disgust
	ya me imagino eso tan revolucionario RT CarlosWazowskiPor dios q musica tan tierrua la q ponen en ese concierto del !	disgust
	did my nails smudged one redid that one smudged two in the process now I'm left with three smudged nails and a broken nail file 	anger
	Mayday Parade and traffic school is what I'll be doing tonight Tickets are way lame	joy
	We often procrastinate when we are not clear or focused so we lose confidence  sets in So get focused!	fear
	Ahhh my sister is taking me to target so i can stop waiting for my brother:) 	joy
	Some people Swear that they're  but they really don't have a  bone in they're body! 	sadness
	 Drummer Boy bij op verzoek van  : welke uitvoering van wie?	surprise
	Bring on the debate of Ecuador Coffee was promised theres none 	sadness
	Lunch with my best friend and sister! So excited to hear what God is doing in Ash's life! 	joy
	Wearing a new tiered-ruffle top made of out sheer meshy fabric I didn't know the tier over the Girls wld fly back as I walked 	surprise
	almost time to go to classstill gotta go home and pack so i can get ready to go to MD tomorrow lol its been like a year!	surprise
	It is 4 minutes until Cody Simpson in NYC and im not there you'll do great love 33	sadness
	My Right Hand Has 3 Fingers Able To Work Gunna Release A Hopefully Tomorrow! 	surprise
	I'm not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	So erkd Been doing this speech for a week  still can't get it Yea I'm boutta fail my communications class -__- 	sadness
	Gonna learn to how skin a deer 	joy
	A part ça mon ex a la même coupe de cheveux que Justin Bieber Et un BOUC 	sadness
	Wishes my iPhone was also a remote control 	joy
	Taking a subway today 	joy
	It's funny how you keep ignoring this huge fan of yours supporting you since  from all the way in Panama 	sadness
	XSTROLOGY:  men and women don't like surprises except surprise sex ME MUFUCKA LMAO	surprise
	Apparently trevor means big village is that a fat joke 	sadness
	You have no idea how I just screamed NOOOOO out loud at work!!! I didn't get my tickets 	sadness
	I was offered tickets to that game for free and turned them down because I didn't wanna freeze I'm glad I did 	anger
	try's to turn it out in a bathro during a commercial at a steelers bar There is now a huge line 	surprise
	Now that Shaq is retired no active NBA player has dunked on Antoine Carr 	sadness
	Home alone for 3 hours every night this week 	joy
	Found 2 rolls of film to develop but have no idea what pictures I took 	surprise
	Ahhh Tetley's Earl Grey with vanilla back in Tesco's so don't need to go across town in hopes 'sthelittlethingsinlife	joy
	Waited like for fcukin ever for this day and it's about fcukin some shxt that ain't even mine 	sadness
	Gut wrenching pain Please don't let it be true 	fear
	Ok se me acaba de subir solo el volumen del equipo de musica y se cayo el trapo amarillo que estaba en la mesada 	fear
	having to spend 5 hours walking round oxford street with my sister 	joy
	CLASSICO TODAY    to bad i gotta work on my portfolio /3 	sadness
	I have this weird urge to draw but I can't find my old sketch book 	sadness
	Some nights I miss you but then I remember all that you put me through then I remember why I hate you 	sadness
	will love me in about ten minutes! 	surprise
	I have discovered the very pinnacle of human civilisation: the Ocado iPad App 	joy
	never want to see any theory of finance ever again  exam unfortunately you will make me your bitch in a couple weeks 	sadness
	  A wise person said: Abundance in the universe is circulatingif it needs to multiply give it awayBread on waterGive 	joy
	I'm in Chicago doing the musical Memphis and our shows are at the same damn time 	sadness
	at my alien feet Famoos good It's been my first day back and haven't seen my sisters properly lol every1s running around	sadness
	Coming back tomorrow 	joy
	People hide their behind a  smile	sadness
	wake up to my mom at the front door  	surprise
	God damnit  that shit gonna take me forever Todays gonna be a loooongg uneventful day 	joy
	About 20 hours of sleep in the past 3 weeks 	joy
	Seeing my cousins girlfriend on the bus but they live in Calgary 	surprise
	Kanye West is kinda a lyrical genus 	joy
	Going against the  brings struggles  frustration Following the heart brings  expansion 	joy
	I had a dream that my garage opened and you walked into my room 	surprise
	still awake school starts in four hours 	joy
	Soo if i hit youu  i garrentee i won't stopp  type to keep going till i make a bitch bleed foreal ! 	anger
	  lol  Oh Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family!	sadness
	I Feel Bad For My Cousin 	joy
	your kampung at Klang actually btw i just bought new earphone RED BLACK rm15 dok sempat nk jejak kaki ke USS pong! 	sadness
	Ppl Think Getting Loud Suppose To Put In My Heart No Way_	fear
	This is going to be a long  much needed journey Jersey this is my last hoorah  	surprise
	Damnmissed my opportunity to see The Dark Knight Rises Prologue early :( 	sadness
	Remember when Mark Wahlberg fingered Reese on the roller coaster in that movie?!  	fear
	lets smokke tomorrow RT UrHighness54: i speak severely streets prepared me  u aint gota Like me mothafuka U me	fear
	haha you guys thought you were seeing Hot Snakes this weekend?! 	surprise
	Let me pause for a moment has grown quite a bit	anger
	at least I am there every week lee is just homophobic No place for that kind of behaviour in this world 	disgust
	Not only did I finish  with a day to spare (booyah!) I actually came up with a title!  	joy
	Sleep time! Finally after a day full of (mostly about  )	sadness
	Hot guy isn't here today :'(	sadness
	so i thought about the past and i thought of you and i started to cry because maybe i do still miss you and want you in my life 	sadness
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	I'm dead serious When you have a copy let me know You can mail to me I will mail it back 	joy
	I always tear up watching Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind :') 	joy
	Mañana a la pista de hielo de Menacho con la clase de E Fisica deseadme suerte para que no me haga un esguince o algo peor x) 	fear
	 Esta sonando  creo que en vez de ir a la voy a venir a la apple store de fiesta! O-o	joy
	Triscuits are a pathetic excuse for edible cardboard 	disgust
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Holy dreidel Jake Gyllenhaal is Jewish!  	surprise
	Swaggggiiinnnn it at out wit tha boohe aint even know I had rhythm like dat 	surprise
	Bored out of my fucking mind  	sadness
	I realize that I DON'T HAVE PICTURES WITH MY BFF! Next time I'm going to colombia will be crazy taking pictures lol 	sadness
	Ladies appreciate your men they just might be selling skyrim to get you a christmas present 	sadness
	Go take your band of trashy cronies and have sex in some rank cave somewhere out of my sight  	disgust
	At the hospital with my great grandmother 	sadness
	Ok even een vraag voor de dames onder u Hoe ziet rouge (make-up) er in verpakking uit? 	surprise
	~it takes  for Hercules to walk onto a stage but Herculean amounts of it for a child to perform a first recital~ ~	fear
	Listening to graduation while sitting next to my best friend 	sadness
	It's official I would cry tears of if I was at  seeing the  lit  tonight SO proud to be a  !!	joy
	I'm done with my candy how come its so good when you don't have it but when you do its not 	sadness
	That's great! But I don't think they'll replace the ref if it were a complaint from a 'normal' person Sad but true! 	sadness
	Quote van de avond recessie piet  die klopt wel  maar strooit niet avond	surprise
	Tony just said the Super Bowl is better than the rockettes in the Macy's day parade  	surprise
	Spending some more quality time in the library for a few more hours 	joy
	I know im sorry RT ChristyyBeEasyy: you betterill try and forgive you not being here for my big 21	sadness
	Dat is leuk: gisteravond laat een Lead in mijn mailbox  :)	surprise
	So I guess I'm not going to drunken game night 	sadness
	yeah I get it Please go away snow for next week! Ill flipped if the flight is cancelled x	anger
	Sitting here looking up episodes of Season 4 True Blood because I missed all last season :( 	sadness
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	So I get to the corner store No grape/melon arizona  then the chinese guy goes in the back and gets me a mango arizona 	joy
	Look what just crawled up outa the basement Yeeuup sisters back from college 	surprise
	 project their  accuse their  of being the hostile ones	anger
	approx 3 weeks ago sent off my UCAS would assume gets sent on within the week turns out no its being returned to me typical 'crofts 	anger
	  is a word f that some man coined once upon a time to express his state of  wiht 	anger
	I get the impression im pretty much gonna be ill til around march now 	joy
	stuur een   voor 2dec  naar sintnradio2nl en win een op wwwnradio2nl en luister vanaf 18-22 uur  naar DJ Marien/Marion	surprise
	Don't believe the lies look me In the eyes please don't be scared of me 	fear
	hulu will not allow me to watch the new episode of glee!!! 	anger
	Misbah you couldnt resist could you?! You had to ruin it! This is why people hate you! Finish one game ever!?   	sadness
	The only thing we have to fear is fear itself -Franklin D Roosevelt 	fear
	dowdy didn't turn up to training 	surprise
	 then bed in preparation for my 7-4 shift tomorrow 	joy
	Came outside to a completely frosted over car  	surprise
	S/o to 's reaction to his surprise party  	surprise
	Trying to understand  H8'rs: I got mine isn't enough they are compelled to heckle? WTF is up w/that?   	fear
	So angry about the gambling bill being passed in Massachusetts This state is becoming so trashy  	anger
	thank for the vote of confidence but it does look like a loss is in my future 	sadness
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	We need so much more  How can we get past the it means accepting the wrong done attitudinal barrier? 	joy
	LeeYaf have training as far as I know Im writing an essay unaware of Ven's plans From 7/12 I'm all the teverlasses'	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Morning good folk :) amazing The colon and parenthesis is doing wonders for me this am People think I smile in the morning? 	joy
	You know what? I surrender I don't want to be considered *that* person It's not my forte 	sadness
	I'm so scared! Is this really how life forces certain circumstances on people? It's so hard  	fear
	I'm actually excited to go home Spend the rest of my momma's birthday with her 	surprise
	con la cara que tiene el negro asusta cualquier espiritu jaja mentira los extraño peleandose ya no tengo a quien aconsejar 	sadness
	Wondering what is waiting for me tomorrow  LOLXD	surprise
	El and I have a thrilling day meeting all the contractors involved in building the house 	joy
	Een walking fridge ?	surprise
	Busy day of pub lunching and then a birthday party for a 2 yr old! 1st part I'm looking forward to2nd part not so much!! 	joy
	Vanavond halve finale  en vanaf 6 december is het weer  time! 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I'll be absent on saturday B-) ! Soo long weekend *PARTY*!!!!!!  	joy
	Dominique de Villepin annonce sa candidature pour la présidentielle 2012 ! 	surprise
	Its my birthday! I'm officially 14(: any shout outs? It would make me feel special 	joy
	Mom's surgery prohibits her from cooking on Turkey Day Little does she know my relatives Thanksgiving Dinner Reunion is for her 	surprise
	party bus for da birthday girl !!!! !!	surprise
	Really annoyed that have cancelled my order if they didnt have my xmas jumper it shouldnt have been on the website 	anger
	Vernam kortelings dat James May van  alias Cpt Slow een muzikant zou geweest zijn bij Queen  	surprise
	I thought the hashtag was Christmas Vacation and I was hoping a funny photo of Clark Griswold 	sadness
	 Zo!! Die Thomas heeft wel een hele andere stem dan je zou denken nadat je zijn foto gezien hebt 	surprise
	I always tell people I'm not much for surprises and that I hate them However I really would LOVE to be surprised this weekend 	surprise
	I mean I know it was Btw Being with Amberlyn and you for 2 days makes me feel so lonely now! 	sadness
	fucking sparkly shit that makes them look like they've had a run in with a snowglobe xx	anger
	I DONT KNOW :( I just hope it wasn't tinker I didn't lookI'll figure this one out by process of elimination 	sadness
	We gaan eens even een rustig tv avondje tegemoetons metaal voorbereiden op een druk  maken 	surprise
	It's not EVERYDAY you see a dead body wheeled out of right in front of u   	sadness
	ik heb ook miss 5 pakken chocola thuis en 2kg pepernoten maar ik mag er nieet aan zitten xD --	surprise
	I would never let my future kids leave the house looking or smelling like half the kids in this school 	disgust
	Fuck all of y'all we ignore feelings here 	fear
	Are those gunshots I hear in  or am I just of a nervous disposition? 	fear
	This is so unbeliveably annoyingi can't tell if it's my class my lag my mouse or my playing!!!!!!!!!awweagblherh flawfweb 	anger
	Sometimes the  find the bull's eye in or  and make us laugh or cry~Just like  which also knows the shortcuts)	joy
	I felt fine this morning blatantly due to still being pissed then my condition rapidly deteriorated  	fear
	as you watch me walk down too my future I hope tears of are in your eyes	joy
	 we have breakfast for lunch at school  oh wait  we never do 	sadness
	waiting for my teddy bear to get home in his bed( lmfao 	surprise
	 paralyzes God's workSatan can use peoplepast pain to lose our focusNow in bondageBreak free!See Exodus 6:1-12 	fear
	It was bull shit it was all a fucking joke And when I think of you I hope you fucking choke   	anger
	The wind is so chilling Got the heater upwish I could nap with my baby but I  have studying to do 	joy
	Daniel Tosh live Excited but not as much as Evan 	surprise
	Harry Potter is recorded  	joy
	Lol!! Since you've whistled so loudly come pick a Khazana Voucher for 1000shs - Management Office ask for Ann/Leah 	surprise
	I would go shopping tonight but I don't have any money to shop with 	sadness
	A Gentle answer turns away wrath but a harsh word stirs up anger  	anger
	If you're not smiling you're like a person with a million dollars in the bank and no checkbook   	joy
	Putting off decorating my house for Christmas until tomorrow Have to grade papers and write lesson plans tonight 	sadness
	Aaaannnddd I'm not going to get my lens  flash in time   Now to try  come up with a plan b 	sadness
	Oh i have to set the table for a million people i dont even like 	joy
	*Amen to this---RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Llore pero de risa Marjorie_rigaud: mi hermana no confia en mi yo tanto q la quiero pero 	sadness
	Relationships end because once the person has you they stop doing the things it took to get you 	sadness
	went to the mva to get my license to find out that im scheduled to take it next week and nobody can take me then 	anger
	All peaceful and quiet then The siblings arrive home 	joy
	Don't have to go to work today! 	surprise
	I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today   - Rev Run	fear
	Just found out I'm going to Virginia on Christmas Day 	surprise
	Going To Depressingly Eat a Banana Because I Have Nothing To Do this Friday Night :(  	sadness
	Well the hell of hell week is over  And I just had my first chai latte of the fall  Annddddd I finally have time to sleep! 	joy
	What am I doing on thanksgiving? Oh yeah skiing 	joy
	Everyones jumping while watching this so called scary movie I have yet to see something scary me	surprise
	As Much As MUFC Would Want to avoid any big teams in the knckouts if they dont top the group The big teams would want to avoid United 	fear
	A girl with a pretty face and evil smile 	fear
	mid terms begin next week 	joy
	great bball practice due too 	anger
	Yes And one day I will wrap a brick in that t shirt and swing it at some problematic people's faces x 	joy
	4 dances to learn for saturday another 4 for next week and a load of harmonies too 	joy
	one of goodies came in the mail yesterday! I wonder if he can guess what it is? :)	surprise
	Ya mejor me ire a dormir :S im scared haha alrato d seguro terminare pasandome al cuarto d mi mama xD 	fear
	Busy day Wish it was 5pm time for everyone Hahahaha	surprise
	I love you! The dean is here too RT MsTasia2U: Tuning in to the show!!	surprise
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	So the waking up early to do homework thing didn't work out 	surprise
	Ready for next week  day got to get my christmas things ready :) he's going to LOVE his gift 	surprise
	may +1 ka na mare Meet ka daw nya dun sa wedding Lol 	surprise
	Its funny how a person is in your presence and you really just want to let them know how you feel  	fear
	I just broke up with 2 boys in one night Wow  	sadness
	Ortho appointment tomorrow staying after school for ap art  kickboxing 	joy
	After midnight and im not asleep n we still have school But its snowin like crazy at my housee!	joy
	Jeg angrer bare på en ting så langt i livet At jeg ikke fikk meg twitter før  	anger
	 is right around the corner I love this time of the year Lights Mistle toe Joy Family   	joy
	Brb crying RT Davidsanbornn: Cleaning out the house for the move  	sadness
	I miss my Friend Father my protector I need you God   and from above	joy
	NO TLKN TO BOYFRIEND TONIGHT HE'S WORKING 11pm TILL 9:30am  :(  	sadness
	It was like hey these are the people you are missing out on and I dont see them 	sadness
	Rt RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Effffff my sensitive teeth they hurt Oh well I'm getting them yanked out of my head next Friday  	joy
	Aw :( late and got the back of the class 	sadness
	considering the weather is so crap might aswell do some uni work 	joy
	Dit is echt gemeen net als ik die aflevering super graag wil zien staat ie er niet op :( 	sadness
	 when mom opens our neighbors mail on accident and for the record they already hate us 	joy
	Off to  for Thanksgiving break a day early moms has no idea 	surprise
	Wosssh apakh itu☺RT zozemandolang: nampak ada yang baru warna item di garasi *tutup mata dulu* 	surprise
	Oh my lanta What a good start to break lessonsadventuressmallgroupbabes 	joy
	Shola has made a massive difference 	surprise
	I get much more joy out of gift giving than receiving 	joy
	I'll check babe! But it's gonna take me a while as in this moment I've got just cell phone internet connection 	sadness
	To Twitter  Facebook Police- Santa Clause isn't real some people think cucumbers taste better pickled  OJ did that shit 	surprise
	Awe the money in the world couldn't give me the I'm feeling !!!	joy
	boredom want to plat skyrim but at a part tht i CANT beat for my LIFE! y does tht guy have to shoot icicles 	sadness
	Every time I get home I just wanna sleep but no I still have to do homework  shower -__- 	joy
	ain vi a foto de um acidente de carro aqui no face to apavorada ! s 	fear
	The guy next to me on this flight must be wearing egg mcmuffin scented cologne 	disgust
	I have a feelingcould be the end of our group 	sadness
	Umm if Voxer isn't for randomly sending people the recording of REDRUM from The Shining then I don't know it's true purpose 	surprise
	seriously! At least you made about 2% of those tickets worth at work today 	joy
	I love that color yellow on you :)  where too RT iMsofuqiNawesuM: Movie tonight wit N dinner guess where 	surprise
	But when he saw the wind boisterous he was afraid  and beginning to sink  he cried  saying Lord save me Matthew 14:30 	fear
	  RT Lolarosy: Flash info On vient de perdre ! Envoyez une mission de sauvetage asap !	fear
	Ok naar crèche voor knutselavond opperde een drol van ontbijtkoek maar het wordt vast iets braafs 	surprise
	So pissed off  Cant wait till practice so i can let some of this out	anger
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	“YasminAddison: can't sleep  mess! You didn't say you were home this weekend! 	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” good one!	fear
	some people you just gotta learn not to piss em off   cuz i use your own shit against you 	surprise
	wow! the version of Mysterious Ways by Snow Patrol I like it!	surprise
	Il serait temps de dire aux opérateurs que leurs commerciaux disent de la merde pour vendre…  	fear
	I saw a childhood boyfriend yesterday 	disgust
	Messed up hand from punching shit management please	anger
	Sheryl say she confused and don't know how to approach me It sounds like I'm going back to counseling 	sadness
	lol ooh I kno But ion wana jump in shit My temp aint no good ill do some shit So im cool itnow!!	anger
	Hey Erica! Let see ur tweets!Can only see u when I flip over to here  	sadness
	I don't get in bad moods often but when I do you better watch out   	anger
	I miss having a smart phone I hate have to do everything myself  	sadness
	I wish one day there's a signage on the train saying NO BAD BREATH CAN BOARD THE TRAIN 	sadness
	bad enough the futurama monopoly shipped way late but the beat up scratched dirty print defect game boxes are too far 	anger
	The awkward moment when you wake up with a snake wraped around your hair 	disgust
	Fuck this bs wait Now I'm pissed off 	anger
	oh great blackboard you would be unavailable right now 	anger
	Now they experience similar dilemma as their customers do b4 outsourcing RTIT firms not yet ready to shift to cloud 	fear
	oke als dit een echt mascaraborstel was deed die het heel slecht :$ 	surprise
	Na zes keer een stanley mes in m'n oog tape aan m'n sokken en ruzie met isoleer materiaal ben ik dan eindelijk klaar! 	surprise
	“VINNYGUADAGNINO: False Evidence Appearing Real” what you don't know	fear
	I hope the rest of this little vacation is better than the past two days	joy
	God is the reason why even in  I smile in  I understand in  I  and in I continue to 	fear
	great night at church!  	joy
	4 more hours? It seem like I already put in a 8 hour day :-( 	sadness
	Would like to do something good on a Friday night 	sadness
	Ta for the vote of confidence! It was absolutely fine today was even out 30 mins earlyForensic Bioscience tomorrow 	joy
	hat awkward moment when your teacher thinks brett favre is hot 	disgust
	i Love you so much Pack Ur bags Baby  	surprise
	Will Reseda riot after  I win tomorrow?  	fear
	I think the sodomy bot would surprise you when  uh  pbennett2434	surprise
	Going off of a couple hours of sleep 	joy
	is going to wear the mysterious shirt no 3 ) 	surprise
	RAGE QUIT CURSE YOU IPOD 	anger
	So I just used auntie remedy of drinking a tablespoon of vinegar for my headache and it didn't work 	sadness
	YOU PUT THAT UKELELE AWAY OR I WILL RIP IT FROM YOUR HANDS AND BEAT YOU DEAD  We are studying you dumb shit!  	anger
	Waiting for the eagerly anticipated arrival ofTHE MUPPETS CHIRSTMAS CAROL on DVD and Rizzo the Rat 	joy
	Net gedanst Heb nu een panterprint washand en zebra handdoekje :-)	surprise
	will be home tomorrow lad Miss sister sledge haha  	surprise
	one of my favourite past times is waiting in the rain for the number 11 bus 	joy
	when you walk past someone and taste their bo 	disgust
	So yesterday I find out Prom lands on TOC weekend Today I find out WTP Nationals is on weekend of State Championship  	anger
	ok Im preferably trying to give them away to someone wit tix already who lives relatively close  you meet the criteria	surprise
	I have to pray and apologize to God for getting so angryis another thing i have to work on and pray about	anger
	think about it ! a man lick a lady's head 	disgust
	Don't let   open the door to the spirit of jezebel	fear
	Finished this semester's last day of class at Hurley's PAPERS ARE ALL DONE!!! I can finally sleep in now 	joy
	These people making out in front of Chili's  	disgust
	is only one letter short of danger	anger
	Whoa Lost is still airing?? 	surprise
	God is up too something REALLY MAJOR IN MY LIFE- I KNOW I'VE COME ALONG WAY IN MY CHRISTIAN WALK -    	joy
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Good deal I'm glad your feeling better! Wishing you a Terrific Thanksgiving with lots of Trimmings on the side!  	joy
	\(^o^)/ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	----- RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Rememember that feeling when you was a kid and u opened a present to receive clothes   	anger
	unsung could have a whole season of shows just based on the artists at Bad Boy 	sadness
	Full of joy! Four dogs at home Hugged Janina amorcita and Shelby the bebi!!! Few things can bring such joy like hugging a dog!!!  	joy
	Haha for real! Seriously though he jumped in my lap with wet paws 	disgust
	Resistance drives stress and fear If we don’t resist life things flow  	fear
	ppl don't care aboot strippers and Bianca's dad gave her away to settle a debt and her ma knows  	sadness
	gonna be at school from 8am till 10pm tomorrow	joy
	The greatest feeling is shouting when your pastor is preaching the truth 	joy
	LOL boi I tell u God must have a sense of humor because life is funny & how to laugh no matter what life may throw your way! 	joy
	A girl I sat next to in English class a year ago flipped a switch over night and became a cheerleader 	surprise
	Meno due puntate alla fine di TwohalfMen l'originale Come fare senza Charlie dopo? 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I turn and I see nobody but my shadow still keep my heart asking wTFa nicca just got paranoid over his own dark sidenot! GOD lives	fear
	Waking up  realising all the clothes left in your wardrobe are out of season jus cause you cba to do the washing 	joy
	I feel like tonight is going to be an early-to-bed-night for me which means getting made fun of my some more 	joy
	More lifeguard training tomorrow evening 	joy
	I agree in most part Cliona there is a part of my life that is filled with huge Which I genuinely try to fill with love!	sadness
	Suddenly I feel vulnerable 	fear
	Zo  klaar! Nog nooit zo op tijd anders altijd 5 minuten van tevoren Nu de nog 	surprise
	sorry tryina help u out bud i mean u need laid  someone hop on josh like hop on pop minus perversion	sadness
	how disrespectful shame on you you sicken me Horrible man Boo 	disgust
	is the main reason why we as humans miss our blessings	fear
	Going to sleep just so I can hear your sweet voice sooner&     love my daily morning phone calls&     in my heart	joy
	Want someone to hold me and mind me hint hint 	fear
	LMAO at bride in today's Echo:we bought the ring together so I knew it was going to happen I just didn't know when where or how' 	surprise
	 life never had pain in it  we were suppose to live in eternal ?	joy
	Why does ignore the competitive community? I miss DavidVonderhaar :( 	sadness
	If my parents arent going to complain to bt about the lack of internet i will 	anger
	yep my  is neutral is the best person u can be not good not bad not for not against   is neutral	joy
	my room is always a mess after getting ready 	anger
	English teacher just added another project on top of our final 1 week of school left  	anger
	I hate not having anyone to smoke with right now My brother won't wake the fuck up  	anger
	soall I could find was that AJ Cook was fired bc the producers felt her character expendable 	sadness
	I forgot to set  on my dvr I won't see  go HAM on christina aguilera or justin bieber or kelly clarkson 	sadness
	Couldn't make Jakey's hockey game :'(  	sadness
	- being call fat is horrible fair does 	sadness
	Wrapping presents today 	joy
	i should treat my daddy to the game tomorrow ill do anything for my daddy he's 	surprise
	today is a day of thanks and giving  So in honor I give thanks to you your family and Blake   	joy
	you're such an individual despite the fact you are in a boy band i think thats why i love you!! shit  	surprise
	Ada mi cuma na simpan ☺ RT AndiNilasari: klo kaya itu sdh adami skrg  tiffany ring d jari ku kk :( | -- chiwankmatto	surprise
	Good morning to you too  I on the other hand give a single fuck about Cyber Monday - OH WAIT Lacoste isn't having one  	sadness
	t'as vu ça bon la tradition veut qu'il m'offre mon calendrier depuis que je n'habite plus chez eux mais là !!	surprise
	Did good enough to move on to the next round!  Looks like I'm visiting Oshawa in February!	surprise
	Dear why are you not showing me my contacts even after Ive cleared my cache an restarted!  	sadness
	little run in the rain during lunch 	joy
	You gain   and  by every  in which you really stop to look in the face	fear
	I'm at a loss of words now God makes me sooooo happyyy 	joy
	I'm sad now I wanted to see Justin on stage so bad :( 	sadness
	Soy tan feliz la navidad empieza aflorar en mi casa  	joy
	Frustrating night god damnn people  	anger
	Are you allowing to sabotage Your Empowering  ? Give it back! 2 Timothy 2:7 	fear
	haha my dad told me first i didn't tell Jack until now 	surprise
	Family dinner outing 	fear
	I made a Highlander reference last night about how there can be only one black guy at the party Only ONE person got it 	sadness
	How the hell did Harry M leave at the same time as Harry H  not even gonna bother watching the final next week 	anger
	Van Spanje tot down under staat een  klaar gelukkig zonder aldaar Van te voren alles op een rij dat maakt je toch 	surprise
	Passed up black Friday shopping! 	surprise
	i like how most online stores are offering free shipping with no minimum chargeee now  	joy
	So tomorrow morning I will be leaving to Disneyland and staying for 3 days I will tweet 24/7and upload pics And a personal video 	surprise
	so I almost die this morning now I have to cut a rat open 	joy
	Waking up to awesome  news and now off to Christmas Fair in Llanachaeron!  	joy
	2 hours of sleep in the past 36 hours? 	joy
	Thought i saw cory monteith at the bus stop It wasnt him 	sadness
	I HATE WHEN MY PHONE DOESN'T CHARGE AGH 	anger
	I haven't stopped eating all weekend or?	sadness
	Anger is something that we all experience but can cause problems in relationships  quality of life if it gets out of control 	anger
	A great weekend of rugby but a horrible weekend of study ahead!  	fear
	When youre  and scared for so long your and  turn to hate and the  starts to change the world replace hate with 	fear
	It's a Thanksgiving miracle! Big bro made a trip up for the holiday ! :)	surprise
	Terug van Bart was super  	surprise
	had a dream with rob in it we were working out with some twi cast where rob ended up injuring a finger 	surprise
	I'm not gonna be able to finish this movie before I have to leave :( 	sadness
	Already time to go back to school tomorrow where did the break go?!? 	sadness
	I Just Got Beat By My Dad In Chess 3 Times ! 	sadness
	 zijn naar school Gauw lijm schaar paper en karton tevoorschijn  Even druk met m'n  	surprise
	Thank you so much for tonight It was truly a blessing If God did give then where did it come from 	fear
	hahah I'm jut sitting here sucking it up I hold be ashamed that I've actually made this 	disgust
	Intelligence puts man on the throne Faith puts God there     	fear
	Love the breeze ! Yea nothing bad about a wind sunny day in this region ! 	joy
	On the bus home with rain and the darkness is hanging coming out for college! 	disgust
	Helpin Brandon and brittany move her parents stuff! 	sadness
	 of something u need 2 do? releases chemicals in ur body 2 propel u ahead Use that boost 2 push thru the  U can!	fear
	this room so dark I'm so scared! 	fear
	Got to play Zelda: Skyward Sword today! And had lunch with my daddy and dinner with my girls Now 80's dancing?  	joy
	Waking up 45 minutes late Great idea 	disgust
	 so what I call the fear of life is the of what it feels like to be alive	fear
	Goedemorgen allemaal  op deze toch altijd weer 'spannende' dag -) Ik wens jullie allemaal een super dag toe voor :-) 	surprise
	Coursework rain darkness lame 	sadness
	guess its time to take care of my drunk boyfriend ? nope	surprise
	Kinda feels weird having people grow up in a faster pace than me 	sadness
	Unable to download Path because I have an ancient iPod 	sadness
	Ik heb echt een leuke armband en oorbellen gekregen van me broertje :D 	surprise
	omg he told me the same thing thats why im coming 	surprise
	Will be the one home game I'll miss this season  Thanksgiving in DCThey need to reschedule that game! 	sadness
	Just burned via tweet So how long do I have to live? If it matters I would give the joke a 5/10  	fear
	Wishing I could reach out to check on the small boy!! 	sadness
	walking streets of NYC with Christmas carols playing in my head 	joy
	Your my parents I shouldn't have to change to make you love me You should love me as I am  ?	sadness
	Its my Daddy's birthday but I haven't seen him all day 	sadness
	Monday or the night I have chosen to reset my mobile 	joy
	Thanksgiving soon to bad I can't enjoy it 	sadness
	State of certainty to state of confusion just like that	sadness
	A guy at work came into the bathroom with a book under his arm When he saw me he did a hard right to a urinal 	sadness
	Break! What's your favorite happy song? Sing it! Let it fill you with Joy! 	joy
	Very slow northbound M23 J11 to J8 M25& accident cleared roadworks in place 	joy
	Hearty Greetings my friends Wishing all of you waves of ~~~    ~~~ this  evening ^__^	joy
	Sometimes your is the source of your smile but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy-Thich Nhat Hanh	joy
	I forgot to open my advent calender :(  *cries* 	sadness
	Ortho appointment tomorrow then dentist appointment thursday --	joy
	haha nety veel karton weggegooid kom je boven mist er een stukje karton denk je van: Shit! 	surprise
	Vou fazer um inception no Mario e fazer ele abrir uma RT rhamses: bora abrir uma? 	anger
	True Friends are not what you expected 	surprise
	I hope the rest of MLS is as dismissive of Morrow and Beita as ETR were 	surprise
	holy fuck i'm getting a brand new car next week  	surprise
	is determined by the ratio of your focus on God to your focus on your problems The greater your focus on God- the greater your joy	joy
	yay John is home WAY early! 	surprise
	I have no memory from sat either and was also suicidal for a few days 	fear
	One day I'm going to write about feminism and How I Met Your Mother 	anger
	I can't access Ustream so yet again I miss out first I missed the concert in south africa now I can't even see  :(	sadness
	I don't know but i feel depressed 	sadness
	Just noticed I left my science binder home 	joy
	The that was filling this  from her from his  will linger here well after we leave  will feel it one day	sadness
	keep the christ out of Christmas where my blue hot chocolate 	anger
	Lazy Sundaysdoubly thankful  	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” Amen	fear
	I like doing stuff for my close friends when they don't expect it for lexi_peters	surprise
	got a nice heavy bag today 	joy
	Nu al wakker op me vrije dag nog even door slapen dus en zometeen even langs het werk voor een paar dozen 	surprise
	today could be the daylove that early :) :)	surprise
	Thanks - I hope there's a good turnout and I wish I could be there 	sadness
	Look bitch I want my driver's license YA HEARD 	anger
	not getting an advent calendar because you're a deprived child 	sadness
	Greatthanksgiving mad people in my house for no apparent reason smh -_-	joy
	    - leave it all behind  enjoy life InshAllah!	sadness
	in a shitty mood wish i went to swim team too many tests wasting my damn time 	anger
	30 days till Christmas!               x	joy
	 I worry about losing people I'm closest to over something stupid 	fear
	My dad has the worst cable in the world 	joy
	That moment when your heart feels like its being stabbed over and over again and its hard to swallow 	sadness
	Surprising my sister in buffalo for her 21st birthday!! I love the  	surprise
	When EdgarGtzSo's phone dies and you're super duper bored 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying Is there any  A muslim hell fire	fear
	Pple who jump to conclusions or make assumptions me all that can be avoided by simply ASKING questions	disgust
	My coffee is gonna taste extra bitter tomorrow Probably all the tears   	sadness
	Im finna blow dry my grls hair can u sense the enthusiasm	joy
	out on friday then it's a weekend of study	joy
	changing my lifestylethink imma add more  and a little less the father loves me its my turn to give hime sum luv RT  	anger
	Yeaahh I'm not feelin so hot today I'm thinkin my bed and I are gunna get some one on one today Arg! I don't wanna get sick 	sadness
	I've been put on hold - You know the tune that comes from musical Christmas lights? That is what they are playing in my ear 	joy
	So much change in this season of life Thankful that my Jesus is sovereign no matter what :)  	joy
	Got the short end of the stick again 	surprise
	Stupid drink machine stole my dollar 	anger
	I luv wen ppl play guess who's cum'n 2 dinner!' 	surprise
	I think I'm scared of what the future holds I was wishing for some things but now I am used to those 	fear
	got the room rearranged hope the roommate likes it when he gets back haha 	surprise
	I guess what happens outside the bus gets shared everywhere!! But you're avoiding the freebie question 	surprise
	Avis à tous les passionnés de cuisine gastronomie et voyage je vous recommande vivement de suivre 	surprise
	omkleden en zometeen gourmette en lekker drankje doen en alvast mybirthday vieren myhouse	surprise
	Was going to play assassins creed before going to bed somebody took the xbox :'( 	sadness
	Come let us sing for joy to the LORD let us shout aloud to the Rock of our salvation Psalm 95:1 	joy
	Dad said I can't go to the gym because I'm sick 	sadness
	All_MBA_News: We need 2 promote  in Work   in wht we do so that we ncourage ppl 2 innovate  contrbute… yes	joy
	Smokin purplehaze listening to this song always brings me out a tough mood	fear
	I want Trent Coles' head on a pike with his tiny balls hanging out of his mouth Fucker    	anger
	There is a lady on the train that is fighting with her mother over the phone Aahhh it sounds just how my mother and I get at it 	joy
	there is a mob outside my door trying to catch the squirrel they let into the building  	joy
	come on parents lets leave a little in Christmas and not leave Amazon tabs up on the computer	surprise
	To each his own(Suum Cuique)Cicero Celebrate Life  this is your one chance Give a  of     	joy
	Big weekend and my voice is tired!! 	sadness
	what good is national kiss day if your boyfriend is miles away? :( 	sadness
	your right I belong in the kitchen Where I have access to knives And pans 	surprise
	Break! Imagine playing with puppies Feel their unbridled joy as they romp  tumble 	joy
	When its cold on a bus why do people feel the need to open the windows ? 	anger
	clouds ur judgement in both    matters confront it  don't avoid it	fear
	being really excited for plans on a friday then they don't work out 	sadness
	losing your pen lid and going mad trying to find it 	anger
	hilda Luna gag bisa gombal lagi Gag ada yg luna gombalin He leave me forever 	sadness
	Thanksgiving number 2 I don't even know like half the people here 	joy
	Do not grieve for the joy of the LORD is your strength Nehemiah 8:10  	joy
	Asher's been begging for a Christmas tree since Halloween Husband says he's not buying one WTF? 	anger
	idont like people that don't wash their hands when they need to 	disgust
	Avondje geknutseld en gekunsteld om een te bouwen Dan weet je weer waarom je vroeger op school liever buiten speelde	surprise
	Sneezing an simultaneously farting 	fear
	SIGH The wonderfully hilarious one liners we get from politicians on the platform 	joy
	fucking tigerfish fucking earth shakingly terrrible 	fear
	I wish someone in my family was coming 2 c the Hot Chocolate Nutcracker! Oh well gr8ful for the Dance Academy fam! 	joy
	You are my refuge You are my strength As I pour out my heart these things I remember--You are faithful God FOREVER   	joy
	Rewatching Harry potter 7 part 2 	sadness
	This is gonna be one weird champions league! Man u/c out!   Only thing bad is that the  is gnna get blaaah!	surprise
	False Evidence Appearing Real 	fear
	Playing 105 with my boys tonight instead of going to yoga and abs and doing my homework  	joy
	Nose como puedo decirle a una persona oh God iloveyou y al otro dia decirle Killyourself fucking biatch 	surprise
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Im not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	got christmas card sparkles everywhere at the office today!  	joy
	Horrible gaming from last nite - he received his 1st Rough Day ribbon in  - Most Deaths in a Match 	sadness
	 by the Bee Gees is an epic of  lovely (false) nostalgiaFour Stars	sadness
	RIP Patrice O'Neilthe world of funny will miss you	sadness
	Ik kan niet meer slapen dan maar vast een gedicht voor volgende week maken 	surprise
	Wishes was here to watch friends with me! Late night rerun tradition 	sadness
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	still phoneless fb msg or email me if you want to get a hold of me vzw phone donations welcome	sadness
	Morning breath and I haven't been to sleep 	disgust
	Ive listened to drop the world so many times  that im pretty sure my dog knows the lyrics 	anger
	babies dead from aids josh need laids sum1 sleep with him n maybe u get paids  check my flow	sadness
	8 and a half hours of work today without a second of sleep 	joy
	don't worrycoming home thursday night :) 	surprise
	Wish I could go Black Friday shopping but I have to get sleep so I can drive to Miami 4am tomorrow to work all day 	joy
	found my christmas presents -__- 	surprise
	I am so pissed off with work today that if I had a gun right now I'd go on a killing spree and then shoot myself 	anger
	is wat I feel wen I do rite by my child baby mama try make it seem different	anger
	Tired work And forgot lunch :o 	sadness
	Westham didn't win my bets are will be drowning his sorrows tonight and won't see me tomorrow 	joy
	I suck at words with friends 	sadness
	i have this illogical fear that some day i will try to search for someone on facebook but instead i end up putting it as my status 	fear
	number 1 would have to be spiders i fucking hate them	fear
	hungry and have no lunch money :/ 	joy
	Getting sick during the night while having a beautiful sleep sucks ass!!! 	sadness
	A list of rules is the worst substitute for Jesus ever  Same is true for your church doesn't work on prescription	joy
	dude your brother is getting into boxing?  	anger
	Ok I just knocked on the door and when my mother opened the door I swear she woke up the whole neighborhood!! Can yu say 	surprise
	oh boyit's almost time to go to work 	joy
	eindelijk in bed net nog 3 frieten en frikadel speciaal geverfd morgen in het bakje plakken 	surprise
	ik ben echt blij met die ketting armband mp3 oortjes dove showergel en al die andere dingen! 	surprise
	Amen! RunningQuotes: Do the work Do the analysis But feel your run Feel your race Feel the that is ~Kara Goucher	joy
	Last class with naomi gal 	sadness
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Research paper down One peer review and a Shakespeare play to go 	sadness
	Bomb! I'm done my essay :) :) :) finally	joy
	Ahhh man hit him up for mebut it's gonna be insane tho    hype lol	surprise
	And the and the  mixed up leads  now it gets tough to ever  again	anger
	Am angry frustrated upset as fuck right now I needs hit something 	anger
	Wishes her bbffl would text her back 	sadness
	And so the day begins Going to squeeze in some time to finish up a few more  stockings and then to get on the projects 	joy
	Love how our car freaking breaks down 2 miles from our house in the rain 	joy
	This getting authentic philly cheesesteak movement is really grinding my gears Bout to bust out the accent 	anger
	matt wears so much cologne that you can smell it off his facebook pictures 	disgust
	FEAR = False Evidence Appearing Real   	fear
	is built from disconnection fron the Source who provides peace	anger
	Supernatural time!!! What do you fear??    	fear
	So at Walmart a diesel truck ran over a car in the parking lot! Guess who was driving the truck?& Mexican! Lol 	surprise
	Fantastic December day= Blue sky sunshine 39 degrees Long walks w/ BF Lunch at a French Bakery It's the little things 	joy
	SCREW YOU ONTARIO COLLEGES SITE!! YES I KNOW ANOTHER PERSON BY MY NAME HAS MY ACCOUNT THAT PERSON IS ME!! LET ME SIGN IN AND APPLY! 	anger
	finally found hummus here and it tastes like shit 	sadness
	I got to rock out the drums after I wiped the eye boogers from my sleepy eyes Plus we learned a new cover! SciFiCaper	surprise
	Its footie pajama day And i dont get to wear mine	anger
	Lets see if this doctors appointment can make this day any worse! -___-	joy
	Netball tournament was good Bloody ref giving me contact for something I didn't do! 	anger
	All  do is complain! Damn stp bein so depressing ! Go prayask God for sme 	joy
	Happy Birthday !!! its about time you got here (:	surprise
	Welcoming clients to the studio this morning with Nicki Minaj playlist Hope they realize who they hired ! :)	surprise
	I've been at my aunts house for about a half hour and I already feel like I gained 100 pounds 	joy
	“Ok_Brian: It always bothers me when I see a married man not wearing his wedding ring” Ohhhhh don't get me started! 	anger
	Let go of the distraction long enough 2 sense reality       	sadness
	klein cadeautje inpakken met krantenpapier en dan cadeaupapier zodat het lijkt alsof het een groot cadeau is [: 	surprise
	Off to be surrounded by engaged and soon to be wed couples 	joy
	I mean I was really 38 over here but y let a low life mf steal my 	joy
	Tomorrow I am off therefore I will do homework all night tonight 	joy
	I would feel obligated if you knew when it happened It's all about the element of 	surprise
	Love watching joe and cheech play ps3 together	joy
	cuddling shmuddling I'm gonna dive bomb belly flop on ya 	surprise
	You let someone else make your choices for you next time don't drag me into it	surprise
	when a boy asks ' can I do the shocker?' you know he's mentally unstable 	disgust
	I was basically floating around work today humming to the Christmas music 	joy
	Just stepped outside to get a look at the sky Cloudy sleeting No chance of stargazing 	sadness
	pop out  roll across the floor !	surprise
	 you wake up to dirty pictures the next morning 	surprise
	Holy shit I just weighed myself for the first time since before college  I put on 13 pounds in a semester Pure in myself	disgust
	At joanns shopping for a Christmas tree to put on my ugly sweater 	joy
	I did see the convo!! She's a star!! How about when she asked me whilst sitting on penarth pier	fear
	The scent of your fuzzy peach brings me - it is sooooo gorgeous!	joy
	NOOOKylie goes home today!  school starts tomorrow!=/ 	sadness
	Cindy Crybaby oops I mean   to miss the next 2 games? 	surprise
	Happy Walk up to Random Japanese People and Punch Them in the Face Day!! 	surprise
	Rise n shine!  Its a beautiful day n I'm filled w/ the and  of      	joy
	Wondering when I will be making the switch? Seems pretty random from tweets 	surprise
	too bad not for europeans Allready have THE claude figure but the bat would've been nice :)	sadness
	Rejoice in all good things the Lord your God has given to you Deuteronomy 26:11  ❤d	joy
	The best way to cure is be !!! People need to stop moping its not that bad u could be worse off All this  shit	sadness
	Can't wait to get my wisdom teeth out Christmas Break 	joy
	School then rehearsal till 5:30 	joy
	Cup Of thea alone and stay strong cuz honey isn't here	sadness
	I get home and my Twitter app is completely different! 	surprise
	I forgot to text back but i thought that she didnt text me back 	sadness
	what a great last night was so great! We've gotta do it again real soon! :) 	surprise
	finally done with HUCK FINN  essay=done!  :)  now back to ATPH 	joy
	The thanksgiving story we all learned is a lie 	surprise
	Long walk to work 	joy
	Going to go to the coin laundry tomorrow - hope I don't leave anything behind nor ruin anything 	fear
	More stoked to nerd it up on Twitter anticipating live results	fear
	the moments when family doesn't treat you like family 	sadness
	I told u so many times why! You don't do that ishh to your friend! It's effed up! How many times do I need to say it!? 	anger
	Zo nog ff de laatste loodjes voor en  Dat wordt morgen weer lachen met t team	surprise
	that cheese and onion pasty did me no favours either i feel slightly ill and i'm on a bus 	joy
	Attack of the nerf gun attack	surprise
	Down goes the gopherlove a good blindside! 	surprise
	Returning to school tomorrow Must Get Sleep 	joy
	No sleep today can't even rest wen the sun is down 	fear
	Glad schools out! But want to a have d-high game 	sadness
	Mama think I'm cumin home Wednesday but I'm booked my ticket for Tuesday N when I get home ima just tell her slide and get me 	surprise
	Hope I make & teacher cry 	surprise
	Waking up this early to study for my 11am final on a saturday? 	joy
	Haha! So my 2 little cousin didn't know we are celebrating their birthday today! 	surprise
	'i love michael buble shame bout him putting on a bit of weight' well you dont love him then do you fake vain fans 	anger
	Man I miss my bff's  and Amdrea!!! Andy is gonna hate me when she finds out I'm really coming home! 	surprise
	Its christmas sock season 	joy
	I miss my big sister 	sadness
	Saving my moneyfor a special date of a special someones 	surprise
	What's wrong is there's no SNOW in the forecast!! Nooooooooo!!! My new skis will be ever so sad   	sadness
	Frank Luntz  recently advised the  Governor's Association to avoid mentioning  of 	fear
	 everyone this month is the biggest of all with  and  2012 round the corner now May u all find RT**	joy
	The constant pain is back!!! 	joy
	Saiu nos cinemas americanos um remake de The Thing filme que na minha infância me fez ficar noites sem dormir 	fear
	It's  today and I am really looking forward to lighting the first candle on the new  candlestick I made yesterday! 	joy
	♥ RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	The strong man is not the one who is strong in wrestling but the one who controls himself in anger (Sahih Bukhari) 	anger
	Car ride to the game with and FOUR old dudes 	joy
	Be brave Remember that  is not the lack of but the ability to move forward in spite of fear R Costa	fear
	jus dared me to c how long I cud go without shaving anythinghmmm! Dis is is nasty dare but let's see how long I go 	disgust
	Reading old messages and realizing how much you actually miss that one person 	sadness
	when my son shares things without being asked to like offering strangers a sweet! Brings me joy he's only 3years old	joy
	So instead of partying I have to stay in a hotel by myself the entire weekend 	joy
	When you wish someone joy you wish them peace love prosperity happiness all the good things - Maya Angelou 	joy
	At first did not know where article was going but I found  The New Yorker have intriguing way of captivating readers	surprise
	Atleast we got a glimpse of nice weather 	sadness
	What's that campus center? You have all this delicious food but decide to close everything already?! 	anger
	no sleep last night visitors coming today 	joy
	Manchester United eliminated in the Champions League woaw  	surprise
	Going to work half asleep 	joy
	Finally my apartment's doing something right! They switched cable provider to  They opened up the golf channel too!! 	joy
	Wish they sold egg nog year round 	sadness
	ma tutta quella fantasia nel nuovo flyer? farina di quale sacco? 	sadness
	This journey of yours is all but an accumulation of micro-life's Live each one with purpose and joy  	joy
	Hates school I wanna look at Christmas lights	sadness
	I vowed never to stay over at a pl where thurs so much drama and weird vibes LMAOOOO 	disgust
	Good morning Twiterland we are here! Sending you    to all  Happy Furday :) *purr*	joy
	It's amazing to see people change before your every eyes! 	sadness
	Hate being ill Hockey match tomorrow when feelings shite -_-	joy
	haha belum pun Aish jealous pula kau ? Hahaha why ? U like the clothes ? ) 	sadness
	It is permissible for ONE man to allow young boys on his lap and he’s got a sleigh and flying reindeer! 	disgust
	watching yesterday night's episode of and flipped out when came on the weekend update with sethmeyers21 	surprise
	CRAP! Didn't think I'd have to know and understand statistics ever again Damn you Marketing Research!!!!!! 	anger
	Thanks 4 all the hard work Can't wait 2 rewatch on dvd when available	fear
	FEAR - False Evidence Appearing Real         	fear
	I don't like the boy I talk to mom! 	disgust
	Happy Birthday!! RT imCELINA: Haha! So my 2 little cousin didn't know we are celebrating their birthday today! 	surprise
	Id Love To Punch You In The Face 	anger
	Disappointed with what child is this on carols for a cure 	sadness
	I can wait to see the return of factor tomorrow My wife however is not	fear
	Thought that was my cat that popped out from under the bed NOPE It was Barney 	surprise
	I would hate to have a baby mom that's a baby girl 	fear
	i think u miss oppai miss my navigator oppacoz today he not living some twitt 	sadness
	but I have such mixed emotions about college I'm ready to leave Mag but nervous about the real world 	fear
	kijken naar mijn papiermasjee ding en denken hmmm er moet nog veel gebeuren tot dat het een groten axe deo wordt  	surprise
	surprise i knew that was coming lol i've made a good few actually  x	surprise
	Wish next doors kids would stop crying for one minute! 	anger
	It's not shit like watching the one thing you don't want to happen happen And worse than you expected 	sadness
	drove 3 hours to watch UVA lose 	sadness
	I hate how the train fills when we get to Birmingham New Street 	anger
	Ohh today is gonna be fun family is already fightingg 	joy
	I love you i love your name i love the way u look at me i love your gorgeous smile you brighten my day and your not even mine 	sadness
	Lmaooo this lady getting cheesed cause the man is crying 	sadness
	El Clasico is loaming over everybodies head but i'm for Real Madrid on this onesince well my team got knocked of UEFA 	sadness
	So The Place Is Quiet n Boring As A History Class w/ An Old Woman Who Jus Talking Real Dead 	sadness
	 is an emotion thats overrated  is an emotion thats out of control bt i like fear fear keeps you sharp	fear
	 Though I'm sure my mother has found something productive for me to do whilst she's out 	joy
	Sister said she was coming home tomorrow but I come home and she's home! best ever!	surprise
	Viendo a en   con wow !! Yo crei saber todo de   y oh )	surprise
	Well you are lucky I guess    blah blah blah :S	sadness
	Today Uncharted is looking into new film ideas and working on a new project for 2012! more to come!  	surprise
	Op donderdag 1vrijdag 2 en zaterdag 3 december dagen met 25% korting op de hele kollektie muvfeestkleding en My best jeans	surprise
	HOLY ANIMAL CRACKERS! Birthday stress pimples 	joy
	 I have to agree here with paul I have lost many friends and not one of them got even in a papers 	sadness
	all of my days are your hand OH GOD  whheww that song	joy
	La requérante ( fort accent africain) :non mais moi je l'ai suwpwis au lit avec une autwe femme et moi je suis un homme comme vous 	fear
	I miss Mitch Ahhh can't stand being without my best friend ): 	sadness
	STUPID DOCUMENTARY ABOUT RELIGION  STUDIES  	anger
	sur mon compte: c'est mon cadeau de noel! looooooooool laisse moi tout foutre sur mon compte épargne mouahahah	surprise
	What you will come upon you Do not let fear creep into your mind It will drain your   eat away at your 	fear
	Really need to sort my sleeping pattern out Gonna be a zombie tomorrow 	joy
	A lot of people are scared to admit that they don't know something 	fear
	Leaving boxers on a radiator over night and then putting them on this morning was probably my best idea ever 	joy
	my sorry self is watching scott pilgrim and scouring lookbookdotnu on a friday night 	sadness
	ho ho ! Quel avatar ! La je ne fais pas de bisous 	fear
	points failure at lewisham  are crap	joy
	Eventually I will get tired of running  	fear
	Leaving tomorrow A day earlier than expected Oh well! 	surprise
	I guess you will have to wait and find out if you die or not 	sadness
	Finally having a new radiator fitted into the bathroom Now I won't freeze when I get in there :D 	joy
	GOD IS GOOD2011 IS NOT OVER AND HE PROMISED ME AN INCREASE IN THIS YEARI SERVE A GOD WHO ALWAYS KEEPS HIS PROMISES YOU HEAR ME	joy
	the days are long but the years are short says how true especially as we begin december! already?! 	surprise
	Bitch if ur forcing me 2 be somewhere don't expect me 2 be happy!! :/ 	anger
	 I really feel sick in my stomach right now 	disgust
	Ando out with a Knee Injury till Feb :/ 	sadness
	is the greatest threat if  reduces watr lvl by 120 half worries off 	fear
	Valkyrie climbed under the covers and curled up behind my knees the moment I slid into bed Yay kitty warmth 	joy
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	 is like a heavenly Shower soaked in instant gifts that can change lives ~~INspiredGude Inspired_Guide	joy
	DEAR TWITTER: I am in fact A GIRL :D  	surprise
	“NayerMusic: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	i thought so too (: btw i miss you a ton! 	sadness
	Need a nap Then need to go shopping to fill our house again it's so empty with out :( 	sadness
	I have to make up nine assignments by Friday I have terrible grades in all of my classes and I'm going to fail all of my finals 	joy
	 Meeting on my birthday a few years back   	joy
	Gotta love those tv shows/ movies that make you cry! :( 	sadness
	Saved us all from Satan's power when we were gone astray  	joy
	just one thing brings me JOY: seeing my loved ones happy! 	joy
	Long time since me and have chilled 	surprise
	it's so weird not being with my family this year 	sadness
	This movie adjusment bureau is crazydude goin fool and he aint even taste the smack smh 	sadness
	Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy looks so great but literally no theater in Athens or at home is playing it when it comes out on Friday 	sadness
	Surprisingly the Call Agent on  gave me a refund on my interest charge on my  cc very quickly! 	surprise
	The cookie I am eating has all of the following in it: Chocolate Chips pecans pretzels potato chips  	joy
	last weekend last year wasn't a good weekend for melol 	sadness
	Adjacent to the King I no human being	fear
	IDC Marry the Night is easily the best song released this year  	surprise
	Hectic work day and back tomorrow 	joy
	Ordered clothes from 11/29 Warehouse is in LA and I live in Sherman Oaks aka LA Have I recieved said clothes yet? No 	anger
	None of our generation are 'glamorous' like Marilyn Monroe& many people are really beautiful either theyre just fake pretty 	sadness
	Final Exam in Computers and Society 	surprise
	I'm so jealous of all the people at home :(   	sadness
	Some people thrive off drama and say they have nothing to do with it 	sadness
	The day just gets better! Have got home to a power cut! Neighbours burglar alarm is going mental and no sign of the power coming back 	joy
	Working out without a spotter is like peanut butter without jelly 	sadness
	I purr-chased some vinyl yesterday too!! Online so didn't get the joy of flicking through a musty old record shop 	surprise
	Let go of the belief that life is about lessons or that is what you'll get How about life is for JOY? :)     	joy
	All I can do is a smile I have the best boyfriend :) he's a keeper!    perfect	joy
	Currently I'm freezing cold and my nose has started running I'm assuming I've got the hot sweats to come later 	joy
	I just had to see how good your new man really fucks you because you've both been fucking me 	anger
	Fear Factor:  can strip your  of any  or even worse cancel them out altogether	fear
	Ahhhh the simple things in life!! RT Plusmodelmag: Three's Company Marathon tomorrow on TVLand  	joy
	Just saw a commercial for something called Forever Lazy which is essentially a snuggie one-piece sweatsuit Jesus  	disgust
	Hermosas las tarjetas de la inauguración de gracias a ! Son lo max! Gracias!Y los espero	surprise
	Itchy eyes sore throat sore muscles dizzy This is not how I planned my saturday 	joy
	Managed to find Ailish out of 5000 kids at MotorpointArena  One happy kid to see us 	surprise
	They're playing Manchester Orchestra in between actsHey Allston Pudding I really would have liked to go to that concert 	anger
	I assume you are talking about your chest hair?  In which case I have to agree   	fear
	Mom just told me I'm going to religion in february  	surprise
	Zoon heeft een super gave gemaakt Mag 'm alleen niet op Twitter zetten Zijn reden? 'Anders is het toch geen surprise meer!!'	surprise
	The awkward moment when you're on a date and you look down and realize your pants aren't zipped 	surprise
	I'll slam it in her fat face!!! No word from the Smyth's? They aren't answering my texts!! 	surprise
	Don't Yu hate when ppl think Yu sub tweetin them ughme	disgust
	I wanna sleep till thanksgiving But school is preventing me from doing that 	joy
	Guess what we're doing in AP Lit today!!!! Nothing 	surprise
	is the lock   the key to your heart ❤	fear
	nae bother HERE you should come to the Christmas market with The Pie to see me and Maw    	joy
	national kiss day tommorow hahahahhahahah	surprise
	Time for my hour power nap before I participate in the madness people call Black Friday 	joy
	I love Chelsea's face when she talks on the phone to David 	disgust
	there is nothing more endearing than kermit and the  singing rainbow connection well maybe fozzie's fart shoes both bring me 	joy
	“chedda614: Movies tonite wit ma queen bgot big day tomorrow! hahaha” Have Fun! Lol	surprise
	 Threw a surprise bday party in junior high he opened the door n ran back outside ! Hahahaha	surprise
	Better watch ya back think I won't fight for what I care bout got another thing coming 	anger
	RT: RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Can't wait to leave this place Can't feel the funkiness anymore 	sadness
	haha mange tak men ja det kan du have ret i 	sadness
	your a huge fucking whore and you me!!!!!!!!!! 	disgust
	   Infiltration in our lives The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions	fear
	right back at ya man! Have a great one! Full of and  ! Saludame a gaby eleazar y a ! Love u all	joy
	we are in the same house why could you not just say this to my face? oh thats right you have no balls 	sadness
	I wish I had the motivation to do my homework but I just don't   	sadness
	professor just told us this was the last class of the semester 	surprise
	I love my awwwww crew and I'm going to miss them so much this week  	sadness
	u cld put me on a list it seems you follow alot of people but yeh im sure u will benefit and also RT is universal 3	sadness
	Living with my mother is like living with an extremely depressed friend that I can't ever discuss my sex life with  	sadness
	my twitter is not working at work 	sadness
	The heart is a sponge for emotion Choose the right thing to soak up   	joy
	Today's soundtrack goes along with the rain 	sadness
	Dad told me that I'm coming to the titans game today In the rain 	surprise
	So no more training for god knows how long Guess I get to straighten things for 6 hours -_- 	joy
	TRAFFIC IS THE WORST for real i got hit on all ends last night 	anger
	totally :C  + the whole santana thing was sad :C And also kurt is like too disparate now of getting to NYADA :C 	sadness
	I hate it when I can't help someone when they're sad It makes me sad too  	sadness
	! RT TheLovelyShanel: I FUCKING HATE PUBLIC  SCHOOL BATHROOMSSSSS !! Themm shitsss ME !	disgust
	I caught you you caught me and this I see I'm blind and I'm fixed and fine and ripe and stained and washed and dried Oceanaband	joy
	Computer just crashed in the middle of my paper 	joy
	Gotta study for religion cosmo and do a whole bio assignment tomorrow 	joy
	If this feeling is a precursor to the next month… well I just gotta keep my head up 	sadness
	Bed hot water bottle on my stomach and 3 uni essays!  That's my day sorted! 	joy
	Not looking forward to all the amazing food because I'm going to gain 30 pounds Running all that off should be fun! 	joy
	Waiting for the bestie Birthday Party!	surprise
	breaking dawn was pretty good if you still havent watched it wait after the credits! 	surprise
	The  advert is possibly the most annoying thing on Tv Makes me run up to the twat and clatter him 	anger
	So I'm in my bed naked my sister comes trying to be a bitch turns on the light and pulls the blankets off of me !!!! Dumb ass	surprise
	Even tho I'm mad at  I'm loving that I'm going home in 30 min And my mommy and dad don't know lol 	surprise
	I get all excited by these food advertisements then I remember I'm giving up meat 	sadness
	Vanavond surprise afmakenpfoewát een werk!! Joehoe! Is er een  in de zaal?!? 	surprise
	now how am I going to waste away my time at work without OpTic videos?! 	sadness
	stop it!! that's so embarrassing! it was a bad boy sponsor!!  	surprise
	Plus de place pour Le Lac des cygnes cc clairesentences	sadness
	“Sam_JL: du moment que tu coupes pas  !” serait ce une menaces mon amour ? LOL 1 word 	surprise
	Heading 2 d gym got 2 work off some 	anger
	What kind of boyfriend decides to their girlfriend with GF chocolate for 24 days of ? Mine! :D Thanks ILY	surprise
	American horror story wwhat are you doing to my HEAD 	sadness
	“alisaatiree: Getting Bop's for the family ” where's mine??	surprise
	Drukke dag voor dochter! afmaken  cadeau   schrijven en dan ook nog    pfffffff	surprise
	 Day 20: Thankful for our baby boy Beckett who today celebrates his 20th month on Earth! He brings us all so much every day	joy
	I often wonder about married people codescending to me by extolling virtues of being single while being within their comfy marriages 	anger
	Tijd voor een surprise ontbijt! kom je ook nog?  	surprise
	doctor who ads showing up in my comic books 	joy
	Net halfuur bezig geweest bij de kraan om de lijm erg te krijgen  	surprise
	No  tonight because of shitty england playing a match 	anger
	were u able to figure out if they found the pie for my mom? 	surprise
	Sharing a hotel room with my snoring parents 	joy
	Overal wandelende kinderen met vuilniszakken en grote tassen in de hand Ook ineens erg veel auto's rond de scholen  	surprise
	There should be a law saying a girl should never weigh more than her boyfriend I mean how do you work with that 	sadness
	Omg everyone SHUT THE FUCK UP about christmas present or I'll get none of you one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -_-   !	anger
	Decided this is gonna be a good day and started my assignments straight after my morning coffee 	joy
	Mon collègue se prend pour superman le poing en avant en roulant allongé sur sa chaise	fear
	not true I brake up with my hoes every week just let them no this shit could be over lmao Jp	fear
	“not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I feel like crying now like i wish u knew how i felt rite now 	sadness
	Depressing end to the day :( 	sadness
	Demain la  les gens qui comptais sur Ds la vont avoir une big :p	surprise
	When your parents create your daily schedule for you and don't tell you until last minute !	surprise
	dag everybody got it back home smh lol	surprise
	Wish I could watch the parade but apparently that's not done here 	sadness
	Oh echt? Dan mag je die van ons ook wel maken hoor : ) 	surprise
	Anyone know who 2 artists are at radio city live	surprise
	Still stuffed from last night AND my chicken was so fuckin good  	surprise
	: two frat boys aren't in class the day before break wait they're never  here	surprise
	Think U Lucky  in France We Dont Got No Thanx Giving =/ 	sadness
	this library trip is taking TOO long yo'	anger
	Unasked-for update: I have ordered new glasses and they will be ready in 1-2 weeks Until then just call me Blind-y 	sadness
	Still laughing ALOT about face when he walked through the door and saw everyone 	surprise
	random  I been in th crib all day  	joy
	Staying up with Heidi!! :) Love her will miss her so much next semester!! 	sadness
	Shrek Ik ben meer voor roze met beetje groen dan voor groen groen En ik zie permanent clijsters in fiona 	joy
	Nic's just got an early Xmas pressie :D there's going to be an extra ofsted inspection Oh and btw it's tomorrow :D	surprise
	La SNCF n'est pas en grève?????? 	surprise
	Llegando con lo justo a todos lados y pensando en mis planes de la noche 	joy
	I keep smiling in the face of because I know my GODS near I will never let this world break me down!	fear
	Our brighter future where good education = drilling and passing Stndard tests The Lottery 2010 youtubecom/watch?v=2cQfrS 	sadness
	MACURH NRHH if you haven't already email me your chapters physical mailing address I have a surprise for you!!  	surprise
	I'm gonna start going to bed early so that my good day doesn't have time to turn into a bad night   	anger
	a spa day with the girls involving lots of wine! 	joy
	“!!!!! Nasty gay ass RT Mz_NayNayBbyy: Now Why Would u Wanna Suck Ur Own D*** !! ”	disgust
	In Detroit Now to airport people watch for 3 hours 'till my next flight 	joy
	Just what I wanted to do this afternoon - Hoover up a whole packet of rice from the lounge floor 	joy
	Lol the Wonderful life i live   yall just dont know but believe yall will find out soon ( : 	surprise
	“rofldrg: Logged in and did some voidwatch today Got a pile of NPC fodder ” Ha! So true _	surprise
	This is the first year I won't be a crazy on black Friday 	sadness
	only if failing wasnt my biggest i wouldn't go to school tomorrow smh	fear
	First day back to work Almost texted to see if she wanted to have lunch She doesn't work w/ me anymore :(	sadness
	ah right cool suregrey tooth   	sadness
	doubt is the root of all  that would make  the strongest thing on earth!!!	fear
	Don't know how many times I can listen to the  song It's do sad!! D: 	sadness
	“Only one thing is more frightening than speaking your truth And that is not speaking” by   	fear
	LMAOOOO smh I know marriage is supposed to be forever but only so much you can take 	sadness
	Great day nba is back and Kentucky beat tennessee the joker  tweet	fear
	Three words Muppet Christmas Carol cc: emipow	joy
	A runner doesn't mind being told to sit out a week but their biggest fear is being told they won't run again   	fear
	christmas can't come fast enough now that every one is talking about my big yes I get it I'm a spoiled bitch 	surprise
	I feel bad for the recruits staying over night they picked the worst week to do an overnighter studying all day/night 	joy
	Waking up in a  mood and taking you out on everyone you talk to	anger
	Break! Riding in a hot air balloon as you rise higher your frequency goes higher  you feel clear  light 	joy
	I wanna be a little kid again these teenage girl problems are to much to handle :( 	sadness
	Just threw best surprise party ever for my mom's birthday ! 	surprise
	you're home SO SOON!!! I cannot even begin to explain my excitement about seeing your face again and tucking into a carvery!! 	joy
	Not true that was who the conversation was with he's being very cool   	fear
	is a big dream killer just saying don't be a pussssssssy!  LoL	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	just by the way i ended up getting a 99% on that math test you thought you beat me on 	surprise
	I wonder how and what a person feels before they enter into eternal rest?!  ?? Rest Easy Mother Francis Overton	joy
	my dad bought angry birds for me and bro 	surprise
	That moment when you see your friend in a commercial Hahahaha! 	surprise
	weer thuis nu nog snel een gedicht maken en kadootjes inpakken voor vanavond! 	surprise
	I don't wanna leave UMass even if it's only for 5 days :( 	sadness
	The nip in the air reminds me that christmas is here 	joy
	  hope you have a lovely day and enjoy your 	surprise
	thinking a staying quiet! Run up to Christmas etc! But u never know! I'll like to get my mess out at some point! 	surprise
	hey babes at hair place wanna pick me up at like 330? I have a present for you 	surprise
	Looking for people suffering with   To help me with my research project I will ask a range of simple questions!	fear
	Would love to kick a certain person in the face 	anger
	Looks like i'm gonna be up for awhile tonight doing that Bloom Ball 	joy
	Ben quand on voit que les jeux de noel de Konami c'est du remake HD 	fear
	Got his days numbered before he go against them clipper boys with the speedos and thong flip flops da beach!!!!	fear
	ohh yeh unlucky i once got kaka in a pack but i accidently quick-sold him! 	anger
	left her phone on airplane mode Nice excuse Hahah time to talk to her until she falls asleep ) haha 	joy
	The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true  -Martha Beck	fear
	Now to Leek to present then back to MCR to redo a week's worth of work in two days 	joy
	Lol my boy texted me and told me I looked very cute today 	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Sorry for puking all over you daniel  getting u sick I really am sorry bc now I'm stuck in the same room as you all day! 	joy
	In Pennsylvania staying in the Yough Treehouse? My Dad actually snagged a quality cabin 	surprise
	i hope my mom forgets all about those pills and doesn't make me take them again tomorrow 	disgust
	in een slaaploos routine een rondje lopen kan misschien helpen	joy
	Ben al een uur bezig en heb nog nie een de helft genaaid !! 	surprise
	I'm going to feel extremely hungry tomorrow from not enjoying the yearly Thanksgiving meal 	sadness
	Lol I actually danced with a white guy last night 	surprise
	u keep rashad when he makes remakes about PSU and cut Miguel about a  remark come the fuck on man!!!	surprise
	Wats worse dan makin pea salad Eatin it 	disgust
	Haha i don't like seeing that bear sober 	fear
	I love when you get a really good song in your head - not a bad one 	joy
	secretsunday: when i was little i used to play Factor with my little sister and now i think of it and its just too funnny :D	fear
	Last day of mentoring at the middle school this semester has flown by	sadness
	Hey I'm just wondering if were still friends? Last time I checked friends hand with other friends  	sadness
	What is a mid season finally and why is The Walking Dead doing it? 	sadness
	ur welcmeano gagawin mo s bday mo?!nabangan ko bday mokc lilipad ako janhaha 	surprise
	Oh Snap The Nightmare Before Christmas Is On!!!!!!! 	joy
	It is amazing how some songs are made just for 1 moment and they stick to it for the rest of time 	surprise
	Looking forward to spending time with my long lost honourary sisters tonight!  	joy
	Don't allow your emotions to control you unless they are feelings of God    	joy
	 be on the lookout for a special announcement   	surprise
	Noh Bas don't be sad! Bedankt voor de tip in ruil hiervoor krijg je een wait for it Radiohead-LP!  	surprise
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	when I am making Sunday dinner  in walks my family that brings all the I could ever ask for x	joy
	I love eating the rest of the choclate cake mix 	joy
	Facebook finally beating Twitter in terms of gas TV commentary  	disgust
	really tempted 2 unleash myself against city fans on twitter I don't think I would stop myself though end up kicked off twitter 	anger
	Tree up Xmas music on dog curled up in front of the fire and a perfect roast dinner with my husband That brings me 	joy
	Lost volleyball game to meadowlark 	joy
	I didn't know green onion is one kind of onions A lot of tears came off when I was cutting this things  	surprise
	Sat next to annoying lady on train who's reading my laptop screen! She's very interested but I've typed what are you looking at 	surprise
	What's all these damn spams comin up on my timeline I don't want no rasclart phone 	anger
	The womb became a tomb? More like my mind became a tomb when you tried to shove all this theology in it 	anger
	The soundtrack of 'Love Ka The End'  Okay okay I know its by THE RAM SAMPATH but Delhi Belly hadnt arrivedchill	surprise
	«RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	Let go of or you will just end up a grumpy old person And noone wants to be around that cuz old people already stink	anger
	Arabic coursework deadline extended by a week! 	surprise
	I am slowly turning into hump   	disgust
	David Iche in 3 days Amsterdam tomorrow :') 	joy
	Doing random acts of kindness make my day so much better 	surprise
	just made fruit brownie pizza stuff :) put it in the oven with the turkey too  !!	surprise
	This game is infuriating We're not losing But we should be winning by more 	sadness
	Satan wants your an will use anyone he can to steal it from you Don't allow it brethren	joy
	Don't let grab your tongue nor let it confine  your   is too short to live an   ~milla	fear
	I would rather live with  in my heart than in my head 	fear
	Covers so warm on my body right now Time to get up	sadness
	This wind and rain is out of control! 	fear
	Running on half a can of coke an hour and a half of sleep and a snickerdoodle 	joy
	Your driver today is   When you get on the  give him a by saying Hello Paul!  	surprise
	large crowds of manic football fans  mascots 	fear
	Is ze jarig? Doe een strik om je lul en bel bij dr aan 	surprise
	Bon je vais chez le coiffeur Je sais pas comment je vais revenir 	surprise
	 missing nugget night but thanksgiving dinner is a solid replacement&  	sadness
	Time to work on the group paper for english 	joy
	I love you too! :) I know I made your present last year too but this is wayyyy better! :D 	surprise
	 RT IretiTheGuru: The main people you look at forare the ones that  bread on your name! 	sadness
	    Hear my cry for help my King and my God for to you I pray Psalm 5:2	sadness
	I hate when i like someone a lot  bout to back away 	fear
	Just logged into a bogus google email account I have (for login purposes) Staggered at how much they know/have assimilated about me 	fear
	Je suis en train de finir Secret of Mana Je vais enfin pouvoir mourir en paix    	sadness
	knowing that i have to take tests in january brings me LOOL having my family over and getting pressiesa good grade	joy
	home alone and  super scared 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” wow great words!	fear
	Me either Got sick from my meds at work Migraine and nauseated all day long And I can't find my debit card 	joy
	“OliviaaaG: Some people seriously me” yeah like people who never answer my phone calls beeeeatch	disgust
	LIFERT YOUNGLYFE: Its been a long time coming cuhz! 	joy
	MishaMisha you are a fucking cunt your born a cunt you'll die a cunt you are a fucking cunt 	anger
	Man y I feel bad boud dhis I tried to do wad ws right gues I'm jus kindhearted nd dnt lyk 	sadness
	I hate that moment when your on top of the world happier then ever then something has to sweep it out from under you  	sadness
	May expand in your heart  life today spreading to all around you  	joy
	So Im Under 100 pounds at age 19 (almost 20) and I live in the South PS  I dont have a fat ass 	sadness
	Dear  we wish you good morning beautiful day and amazing night! May it be filled with   Kisses from Bosnia	joy
	Et merde j'vais devoir retirer de l'argent sur Roubaix j'ai plus le temps d'aller dans ma ville 	fear
	And now can't sleep GREAT!!        ?? Man I gotta get some rest	fear
	Okay Last latE nyT!! Hmph! Damn u ThiShY!! LifE nOw staRtZ YikeS 	sadness
	Had to pry a rock out from my foot after my epic run 	sadness
	do something only a kid would do n feel z difference 	joy
	This cold weather is perfect for cuddling with your sweethearttoo bad I don't have one to snuggle with :( 	sadness
	Cats are afraid of water Water=rain Rain=storms Storms=LIGHTNING Therefore Panthers Lightning 	fear
	da 4 horsies of investing apocalypse r    that u won't make any $$$ ~ BUDDIEE18	fear
	When people spell 'woman' as 'women' 'women' is plural dudes	anger
	Good thing he has a key to every unit in this building  	fear
	 for giving me high final project scores Now to get A's on all my finals right  	fear
	I love this cypha That's  ya'll/That's ya'll/That's  ya'll  'Flava Of Forever' by et la off 'Anthem'	joy
	Time for training! PT klant wil TRX Workout hij weet alleen niet wat hem te wachten staat 	surprise
	Princess  RT AdventicesBonne: About to leave bailey flowers on her step 	surprise
	van harte wat een mooi kereltje gaat het goed met hem? 	surprise
	I've never met him but I get to today at leat in on cash cause my hand is fucked up	joy
	Not that you've actually sent me a text message in like a hundred years 	sadness
	When we were children we'd play in the streets just dipped in fateWish I didn't know the meaning of 	fear
	No very fucking happy!!! The way this is going I'm gunna be single by the end of the weekend   	sadness
	You should have the of losing one's softness in the heart and its hardening	fear
	Ah fuck just missed my 300th tweet :(	sadness
	I'll post a picture when it's finished No one knows yet 	surprise
	paris is a dream land!must be cold thereits almost mid of november AND ITS SO NOT COLD HERE! weather is still the same :-( 	sadness
	well today i found out that i will not be going to college i will probably live at my parents forever and die alone 	joy
	I really hope she stalls this until Christmas It'd be a lot of help 	surprise
	ppl the unknown its human naturecomfort is a state of mind	fear
	Just drove over the bay bridge for the first time It is really high up 	fear
	Went to use my headphones but I remember they don't work :( 	sadness
	Canadian Magic show in Atlantic station 	surprise
	- Weeping may endureth for a night for i Said Joy cometh in the morning	joy
	Mempan dunk ya ! RT Miraayu1: Gaa mempan ! RT Enda_ScounDrel: Ya mira kabuuur mah Tu om sungkai kaki mira bia jatuah	anger
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I want coffee2 days in a row without it 	sadness
	A wOmAn Worth SUm iz 	anger
	a silent manHe has lips like a drum	fear
	They need to make a separate locker room for women that feel the need to show their chuckles and ta tas to the world with no shame 	disgust
	guess ill watch this sorry ass steelers game 	disgust
	 no tweets latelyvery unusualsome would call you a tweet-a-holic  	sadness
	My Juicy Couture rainboots are ripped What can I do with them? I have never thrown out anything Juicy not starting now 	sadness
	 does just make me throw up a lil in my mouth 	disgust
	Muse in studio working on new album 	joy
	Google maps street view muestra una clinica de proctologia en la direccion que me dieron para una fiesta Creo que no ire 	fear
	But I'll be off Christmas Day as its the only day of the year that the shop is closed :) 	joy
	*Euphonik? RT Bonang_M: My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	Watching some 7th grade basketball allllll day! 	joy
	Went to Petco saw a kitty she was perfect and beautiful feel in love with her didn't get her Worst day of my life 	sadness
	Time to venture out  do the dreaded Christmas shopping 	joy
	When the day seems horrid and then you remember you have  on DVR! 	joy
	Oh yeah Factor is coming backkkk!	fear
	Going to have a hot chocolate at 10 when I watch american horror story will help me sleep after 	fear
	My cuson just said do u want a  party How can she ask me that when it won't be a surprise no more LOOL wat a douche bag	surprise
	Loves talking  to my mom andd aunt abouut my summer romance with an older man 	joy
	Preparing menu for Christmas eve soirée Very inspired and creative this weekend ℕoíʀ  βℒeú ㄒʜℰℳℰ (cont…	joy
	Eye for an eye Tooth for a tooth 	disgust
	Your Dad For Fathers Day - Locate Lost Family Using a People Finder Search   41733 Myartsubmit	surprise
	Friday = grumpy central 	joy
	sad I missed bowling I had a migraine 	sadness
	Espero con ansias toparme esa recopilación de cuentos de terror de  jajaja gusto culposo!!	fear
	I'm writing an apologetic letter to a judge 	joy
	Strange how when u begin to get what you've always wanted you're scared as hades to completely  totally accept it  	fear
	Last day at museum school 	sadness
	Putain j'en veux trop a ma mère Après le coup du jean quelle m'a déchiré J'ai un SEUM de fou Jlaimais bien( le Jean hein) 	sadness
	Ok so and  in  kind of a morning And it was awesome! Yesterday as well Hopefully this  lasts into tomorrow!	fear
	Can’t participate in the fun run tomorrow 	sadness
	Hate some people It amazes me how many faces people can have  :/ 	disgust
	Make sure that you've killed  and in from your life Don't let anyone or anything make you fear or intimidate Be 	fear
	✓RT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I will say Merry Christmas to EVERYONE! Even those who emphasize happy holidays! There is in  !!!	joy
	due today Also the rent 	surprise
	Sindsyg afslutning i Getafe Stolpen redder alle pointene til Getafe og nu ligner det allerede et mesterskab til Real  	surprise
	i cant believe i spent an entire 9 days in mesa and only saw for like 5 minutes 	sadness
	It's time to pick a cover for the next issue! Any ideas for our theme followers?	fear
	Wanna be remembered? On black friday go to a store push a kid over look him in the eye and say You remember me  	fear
	Slightest brush and go down but its fine to kick someone and then tell the ref he is an idiot! Busquets on his arse again 	surprise
	Now for the painful walk downstairs 	joy
	Hates correcting my insanity plea paper 	sadness
	is blessed to have you! RT TakenByWords: 2012 Line Camp Leader!!  So blessed! So happy!    	joy
	Lmfao I woke up this morning and woke her up and she started moaning surprise	surprise
	commercial for the mac miller concert on the radio 	sadness
	can't Fear a damn thing want a thing	fear
	Not gonna lie Some people's morals  values completely me	disgust
	Going to El Paso for 2 weeks for christmas to see my wonderful mother :) !	surprise
	Haven't talked to my German in almost 5 days I'm feeling some serious hatred towards time differences 	anger
	Hele avond druk bezig geweest Ben slimmer geworden in het oplossen van knutselproblemen Ik zuig nog steeds hard in knutselen 	surprise
	Pain is my happinessdarkness is my light I'm one big void of nothingness	sadness
	all cod games have the spawning issue 	sadness
	speaker asserts she was right that Viet cong oppression in communism was good      -in-speaking	anger
	i can't maybe i'll have more luck tomorrow!! 3 3 i don't knwow hat i'll do without xtrafactor tbh	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I blame Keith Hackney for all of this Imagine waking up everyday knowing that ur balls were pummeled on PPV in front of millions 	anger
	Up early good old run I think 	joy
	I Am So Fascinated With The  Experience | Why? | He Is Hilarious! | His Behavior Was/Is Obnoxious  It Lent To Parody! | 	disgust
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Fair enough tbh I don't really run shit	surprise
	1st December to 7th December is  Anger Awareness  if you have any management issues  can help break them!	anger
	Everyone is saying how their full and ate too much I HAVEN'T GOTTEN ANY FOOD YET!!!!!! 	sadness
	I am really enjoying The Very Gaga Thanksgiving It's pretty great! 	surprise
	hi hello hey We did not get food today 	sadness
	Yeahhh It's taken me a year and a half to watch my Friends boxset all the way through I kept putting off 'The Last One' 	sadness
	my dad comes home today and we never told him I got a new kitten let alone two let's see how this goes 	surprise
	:( but my friends will be there All the dentist is gonna do is nap me about evvvvvery fucking thing 	sadness
	What fucking basketball team doesn't have a number 24 Settling for 22 	sadness
	My mom just left my unwrapped Christmas present on the dinner room table 	surprise
	Sunday nights are the worse I hate school 	sadness
	House of Prayer band playing on Campus! 	joy
	You don't realise what you've had until its  the first week is full of and the week/s after is tough  :-(	anger
	Nu lekker slapen was een super Sint dagje op school! Juf bovenbouw is wel heel erg leuk! 	surprise
	Justin Bieber is just one above Matthew Fox who is being sued for punching a girl in the crotch in Cosmo magazine What a !	surprise
	Ok donc à qq minutes près j'étais sur les lieux d'un braquage en live 	fear
	Une surprise promise par l'orga à 14h Apparemment il y aura pour tout le monde et il faut pas se bousculer  	surprise
	when guys plan to ask girls to formal is really creative ways  p	surprise
	Net nog ff een vette remix gemaakt voor Drama stukje met JWZ 	surprise
	This may be true of  but there are often very good reasons for people to feel based on hard evidence of real 	fear
	suddenly all the annoying wannabe cool younger girls are getting Twitter 	joy
	Shattered the screen on my beloved phone ?	sadness
	I have to say my sister is the best EVER  She downloaded the Itunes session for me because I can't get my Itunes working 	joy
	yeah thats prob it  To save face sombodby feelings or not lose someone 	fear
	Who is sad about and going home I am I love you guys:))) good luck in the future from FANZ in NZ!	sadness
	quand certains twittos mettent leurs vraie photo en  tu ne les vois plus comme avant 	surprise
	Never ending christmas tunes at work 	joy
	Phone isn't working  mom probably won't take me to the ATT store :( 	sadness
	folding clothes for the next five and a half hours of my life 	joy
	that's cuz you famous bro once that happens every girl wants your dick but not for love just so they can brag 	sadness
	This house feels so empty without my Scout Also missing Dad a lot today 	sadness
	WHO PUTTHEIRPLATEOFFOODONMYDRUMSET?  	anger
	Man united knocked out of champions league! I'm going to cry! 	sadness
	If didn't exist I would run up to you  tell you how much I LOVE YOU !	fear
	The most basic instinct of the human species is neither nor  it is procrastination 	fear
	come home  my mom is acting really weird go downstairs and the christmas tree is up 	surprise
	gedoucht nu klaarmaken eten en naar school met de auto!! 	surprise
	Birthday gifts from kids: Chewbacca bobblehead Nerf Thor hammer book about Rin Tin Tin 	joy
	My only day off  I'm busy busy busy with cleaning laundry  HW 	joy
	I have a fire burning inside me right now this is going to be one hell of a lift   	anger
	I miss being close to some of my friends :( 	sadness
	Tendulkar evades his 100th 100 Federer cries with joy on clinching the Paris Masters and Vettel loses a chance to equal Schumacher 	sadness
	wat happened sat nite?can't rem much where back at that party? 	fear
	A nice hot bath brings me  It is the simples things that are the best!	joy
	I for realz have nearly thrown my Mac out the window multiple times today Then I realized it's like my best friend 	anger
	We underestimate the power of and the grip that it has in our lives and on the  we make Especially in matters of 	fear
	This SA v Australia series is making me think that match fixing is back into SA cricket!!!!!!!!! 	anger
	If you walk by faith You will not live in 	fear
	Wedding today also :') Tears of 	joy
	Just love wen there blood pourin out from under my finger nai 	joy
	My friends very nervous with their speech 	fear
	Demi Moore is doing the right thing Ashton cheated on her on their wedding anniversary 	disgust
	Urgh what a day! Glad it's overonly a million things left to sort out at work tomorrow before I go on holiday 	joy
	They probably don't realise it but that was the closest they have ever been to death 	fear
	Carpet skating tonight! 	joy
	Don't no ur own worth Ur still seeking out girls on fb trying to get laid on ur part :(	sadness
	chez someone else actually Don't dare googling it! 	surprise
	lol I wish I have a whopping total of 26 chin hairs :') 	joy
	Going to the mall with Jake to do some Christmas shopping 	joy
	Small primary school renovationu go hear 6 billionsmall community water project 2 billion  naija government	fear
	Vannacht eindelijk weer eens goed geslapen! :-)  Vandaag nog even werken en dan weekend vol   	surprise
	OHMYGAWDu guys like marianas trench?? I met them in columbus earlier this year :D :D 	surprise
	First day of work tomorrow 	joy
	you just watched?! RT the movie 3 Idiots is amazing So damn hilarious I can't even I love Aamir Khan♥♥♥♥♥	surprise
	If you missed last night's message go to our website (wwwfoundatiocincycom) and listen to it It can be found under the media tab 	fear
	Eigenlijk logisch dat de lijmpogingen erg moeizaam gaan het wordt een Ajax-shirt  	surprise
	The joy of the Lord is my strength! is attractive be joyful in everything u do  with everyone u meet today 	joy
	It's always been a tradition in my family for all the girls to go shopping Thanksgiving night But we're not doing it this year :( 	sadness
	At my sister's housein my car Because she's at Walmart and didn't tell me 	surprise
	Anyone surprised we've proof of yet another lie from dear leader Obama   Now we're told there was Ayers fundraiser 	surprise
	Planning events to give people in need Christmas gifts! 	joy
	Sitting at LAX crying! Miss Cali and my bookie already!	sadness
	I  was always afraid I'd end up like Jody from Baby Boy  I don't mean bald  black	fear
	youre I'm Cardiff tonight and I'm sat depressed because I couldn't get a ticket have a good gig:-(	joy
	Back of cop car and I'm not in trouble 	surprise
	Cdfu RT PhillyReem: FAGGOT ==== RT _Malc: pump it up pump it up	joy
	Sneak attack trip soon? You and ketel on her doorstep RT ItsWhoren: vodka and boy band ass kinda night 	surprise
	I'm gonna miss  ): Back to school tomorrow 	sadness
	The strong man is not the one who is strong in wrestling but the one who controls himself in anger (Sahih Bukhari) 	anger
	“missdanido: At the movies in the same room that I got my first kiss   ha! I don't want to hear about those memories!	disgust
	Carlos! I lost your number and I got a new number! :( 	sadness
	Gahh I'm kind of nervous to give a talk tomorrow Ohh joy Let's see how many times I mess up 	joy
	Give me a cigarette I want a fucking cigarette I want to destroy me shit! love hurts too much  I want to smoke  	sadness
	“ RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today  	fear
	The amount of people who misspell on twitter/fb is astounding Especially since almost every site has a spell-checker these days 	surprise
	twitter aint make you mad so dont take your out on twitter	anger
	I lost my favourite scarf 	sadness
	i cant eat cause  i got to make weight  	sadness
	the shah: As the rest of the country starves i'll have some peacock and sorbet GHARBZADEGI at its finest 	anger
	I say there pls remove thin glass object from derriere 	surprise
	sad thing is yoway is next door n i havent even gone yet 	sadness
	Cant sport my Chargers hat til next august now  	sadness
	I'd be completely freaked out if one day I was having stomach pains and 2 hours later a baby's head was coming out of my vagina 	surprise
	Oh great a skinny bitch with a immune deficiency 	surprise
	Ei tuleggimi da qui se vuoi Su fb ti ho oscurato Non mi va che pensino che io sia 	sadness
	Just can't wait to be with dasha_silva She always brings so much to my holiday season	joy
	But that ain't how it works that ain't how it goes& i'll be getting high just to balance out the lows 	fear
	and she wasn't making an obvious joke! Just wish these nannying fuckers would fuck off frankly 	anger
	  Enjoy  Share Gift of      Together W/ ! Love Workouts w/ My Mom LoriZimmerman7	joy
	NVR GO tO BEd MAd StAY UP  FiGHt LOl 	anger
	My birthday is next Sunday I'm only turning 20 so I still have to drink illegally 	sadness
	I'm tempted to turn off my phone and ignore most everyone /:  	sadness
	“Osundell: Alltså detta kommer kanske som en liten chock men: jag har faktiskt också haft sex” FYI - jag med 	surprise
	freak that cockroach who flew during choir practice   else but cockroach NOT!!!!	fear
	Había una oferta en el hipercor de 2 ponies de la nueva generación por 7€ pero solo estaban de las protas Rainbow Dash y Futtershy 	sadness
	Celebrate Life  this is your one chance Give the  of     	joy
	2 hours sleep and now work 	joy
	 A white 2xist crew under a Johan Lindeberg graphite grey cardigan jeans by Marc Jacobs and brown Steve Madden boots 	joy
	depressed that i missing the AMAs :( stop tweeting you're making things worse with your necessary commentary 	sadness
	Finally figured out what color I'm going to dye my hair 	surprise
	So excited about the growth in my friend  Brother Pastor Soto The Holy Spirit is on this kid! 	joy
	I would give anything for a nap Its one of those 6am-9pm days 	joy
	1st biggest is getting stolen 2nd would be becoming obese 3rd would be have an evil spirit messing with my life !	fear
	She was gorgeous but that bitch was cuuuuhrazy son 	fear
	Did this bitch walk past me with a mccafe cup!? 	anger
	is such a weak emotion that's why I despise it	fear
	Quick check-in with the Republican nominee race after 6 months ignoring it Yep they're all still incredibly mad and unelectable 	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	when the love of your life is half way acrosss the world	sadness
	 when texts you dirty things (not unusual) and then says nevermind 	anger
	I missed  I was so exhausted from  that I fell asleep! :'(	sadness
	Yep definitely easier to deal with Also shipping box unmarked 	surprise
	Watching probable for the 100th time now what a classic movie with stunning actor	fear
	Gonna finally try to read some of my bookI have no time for books since school started 	sadness
	Truth talks always make you feel different after 	sadness
	Well i prayed to God that I didnt go to jail today he answered But I didn't pray not to go back to Trinity for 9 months 	sadness
	I hope this carrierIQ fudges the cell carriers a nu oneitz about time the consumer gets sum love!!!! Plz research 'CarrierIQ'	surprise
	On the night of Super Dragon's return to action California will get so see the Dragon's Blood Full Moon Coincidence? Hell no 	fear
	pfff vrijdag moek wel na school  bn echt moe en  voel me ech nie lkkr	surprise
	Dude I thought you were going to call me! 	sadness
	Je suis à Pôle-emploi  (et vu comme en parle Melococo j'ai encore + peur) pi c'pas comme j'avais déjà fait ça quoi	fear
	I love gifs The ratchedness brings warmth to my hoodrat heart 	joy
	i tweet for 1 hour and twitter jails me for 4 hours   	joy
	think positive … malay mo  :D	surprise
	PS I Love You let the water works begin  	sadness
	can't call sex line Has to be 18 	sadness
	The other highlight was seeing one of my students receive an important award I had nominated her but had no idea she was getting it 	joy
	I'm not doing my Grammar and Comp paper again 	surprise
	I Don't Know If I Like The Feeling In My Stomach& (?) 	fear
	Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	1e is af!Morgen die voor mijn mama makeneen laptop!Ga ik proberenHeb nu iig alle cadeautjesDag is voorbij gevlogen!	surprise
	The rock quarry middle school pep club is at my house I never realized how annoying middle schoolers are	joy
	third night of feasting is officially complete 	sadness
	Or dear person in the lib shut up TELL THE PERSON TO STFU cuz they prob won't see your fbook status 	anger
	Im addicted to getting testedmy doc tired of seeing me And I dont even get sex like I would want it 	fear
	Hey gdungan3008 care to explain this Turner Gill fella? 	sadness
	I feel like crap I just wanna go crawl in my bed and go to sleep! Not ready for school tomorrow! 	joy
	really bad all across the screen :( you will see tomorrow 	sadness
	Glad I knew my dog was preggers new puppy to play with!	surprise
	Ugh to fail a math test today 	joy
	SAD I'm effin sad!!! How can life be so unfair? :( 	sadness
	Frustrated stressed  i guess i am not posed to enjoy happiness 	sadness
	a possible fracture that i wont find out for sure til a few days later smh and im on crutches 	joy
	Expressing   not can transform obstacles into positive learning experiences 	fear
	Having to not tweet things because the person they are about will see 	surprise
	enjoy Hun I have to start packing my stuff up for big office move 	joy
	just found out thursday are breaking up  thrice are going on hiatus | will make out with everyone tonight  cry sneaky dee's | 	sadness
	Eric Besson annonce des pertes importantes pour Areva C'est pas du plutonium qu'ils ont perdu au moins ? 	fear
	well theres no hoodrats over here lol but I like it alot over here ^_^ got my first snow day today!	surprise
	Just tried deep fried pickles for the first time 	disgust
	Give a man  and he will be happy for a time Teach a man how to love and he will have through all eternity 	joy
	My office smells like wet dog 	sadness
	Definitely heard at least one real giggle out of our little girl  It has proved nearly impossible to get her to do it again!   	joy
	Punching all of y'all in throat would feel great right about now 	anger
	ohhhhhh i had to stay home cause i have to study for montgomerys test 	surprise
	told me to tweet her cuz shes gross and has a total of zero friendslol 	surprise
	*SMH* Muting the TV YOU will NOT ruin my visual -_- 	fear
	only 10 am and i feel a janet jackson-esque wardrobe malfunction coming on 	fear
	Spending time with my daddy He knows how to make my day a little brighter  	surprise
	are on and I'm sitting at waiting for Breaking Dawn to start 	joy
	Just History then I'm free for the night 	joy
	Wrote probably every feeling I've had these last 5 years in one song I'll have the lyrics on Facebook soon 	anger
	nog ff de puntjes op de i en dan is ie klaar 	surprise
	Two Classes Orchestra  A Meeting For Work 	joy
	Me and my mom just got to the store and realized she left her purse at home:p  :P	joy
	No one jumped on my UH bet the other day tho And I know I got tons of UH followers   	fear
	So dois  pra vc sem mais ! bis engordaa ta ruM  um por ano e pronto :)	joy
	I'd like to relax on a Sunday but I gotta finish writing a story about slaves 	joy
	Timmy doesnt hate the SEC he just hates everything BCS its kinda his thing  	anger
	I just wanna have to feel that lovely feeling inside when you're in love 	sadness
	sent me an invite but won't allow me to log in Then I tried to sign in with Facebook and it wait listed me again 	sadness
	lmbo hahaha I told u man mom knew but dad didn't o but he was going to find outsmh 	surprise
	People that operate out of a place of   and should all be sent somewhere far away :) don't need that anymore! :)	fear
	home with the babbis but can't hold the 7 month old coz he has flu 	sadness
	Haha ik vraag een lokaal met internet en krijg er eentje zonder Lang leve internet en mijn presentatie op dropbox  	joy
	The worst thing you can do at this time of year is fall over in public Please god don't let it be me 	fear
	If you're not happy single you won't be happy taken  	joy
	ouiouiouioui :) dinner although I think that person who mustles in on EVERYTHING is coming too! :S :L:L:L:L:L	joy
	no work today time to bake cookies for  stoked? autumnlaurelle	surprise
	trees of green red roses too when I see them bloom for me and u! Then I think to myself what a Wonderful world!! :)	joy
	onze ijskoning wordt zo geschminktc- de deur open van 2100 tot 0400 uur - zelfs na  hebben we nog een 	surprise
	going for what ?  you blow up for what ? tf issues on deck i can't deal with it	anger
	Basically I just wanna hibernate till next saturday but seeing as I can't tomorrow morning will just have to do!	sadness
	Oh Jesus back in time for this one girl whose pretentious as heck during presentations 	joy
	Lost It  Left A Vmail on the House Phone!! 	anger
	man sainsburys has a Christmas playlist We're going fucking nuts! Who really gives a shit about George Michael etc 	anger
	Just bought an album and i got to upload it to my laptop and it doesn't show up the track names -- xoxo 	anger
	Why does every single thing have to terrify me more than it should  	fear
	 tomorrow will be even worse I feel sorry for the person I take my out on!	anger
	Yesterday someone shared this with me the Definition of = false evidence appearing real So trueee!!	fear
	Je monte dans ma chambre tout ce qui se trouvait sur mon lit et ma chaise (un sacrée bordel) se trouve maintenant par terre 	surprise
	Since this is the season to give I'm giving God my problems 4 solutions sickness 4 healing insecurity 4 a touch  of HIS garment! 	joy
	that Kirk Franklin go hard! 	fear
	weather warning in north east 	surprise
	So I'm outside sitting n my car and a fag just walked by my car and said  fish I can't wait to spend around on that nigga dick  	disgust
	2 days till I'm in LA 	sadness
	Great been in the Wendy's line for good ten min an realized my purse is at home! 	joy
	je viens de montrer la photo a Maïté j'ai peur de lui avoir donné des idées 	fear
	Invites sent Now Im getting more turn downs than confirmation of attendance 	sadness
	who have told me to ring the 800 number who are now not picking up the phone 	joy
	It's whenever I start to care that I get ignored Really wish I didn't have such a big heart 	sadness
	hahahaha! why not get the Note? Look its not as advanced as the 5110 but it seems pretty cool But no Snake 	sadness
	Retreat is over :( apptm downtown then dance ughhh long days 	joy
	Only you can make me fly to the moon and fall to the earth 	sadness
	Just had a hi hi how r u gu thnks u? Yh gud thx :) conversation Now I want to kill the person who started it 	anger
	Horrible experience today toysrus! Waited forever for something simple that I ended up doing anyway!  	disgust
	omg my black and white cat misses/coco is in my room being nice 	surprise
	The only reason you don't have a fist in your face is that you have combat training  	anger
	Wow they better find my damn check  	anger
	Sorry I don't live in and I don't need NO MAN as a LEADER (I AM ROYALTY) A KING ALREADY (SELAH)	fear
	YES time for everyones fav time of the year! putting up those x-mas light 	joy
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Leuke om te geven lekker om te krijgen een bufkes cadeau-cheque ! 	surprise
	God god god ik ben dit jaar echt inspiratieloos!  	surprise
	Christmas just really makes me happy and gives me more of a reason to help other people out : )  	joy
	Why always day is turning off in that  :(:(:SS :'(	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	who are you wearing is Lame!! I prefer are you wearing underwear?? !!	surprise
	Check out a great article highlighting the team serving at Harper Woods Middle School  	joy
	its not a   its a  and its coming your way hope you have life gear The ending of the worlds 2012 Dooms day	fear
	I go to my friends room Open one of the doors on his entertainment center and there's a sex toy 	surprise
	Bahahahahawalkin around trying to look cute with snot running down their nose	sadness
	A hard  will leave my  dry from the  clear from the I know my  are  every  I Tammy Wells	fear
	Still can't get mario kart 7 to connect to online play!  	anger
	the part you didn't guess is that wrapping paper will be the only thing i'm wearing ) 	surprise
	Snow day!!!& tree up and decorated Christmas tunes dozen candy canes egg nog  good mood Feels like Christmas already :) 	joy
	I love thinking about old memories when going through baby pictures 	joy
	Didn't have time to watch this weekend 	sadness
	Hey cousin looks like I'm going to be coming to Iowa this Christmas after all! 	surprise
	I had to retire the picture of Michael Emerson doing that weird amazing expression 	sadness
	IDK what I'd do if I ever got attacked by any type of wild animal 	fear
	Is stoked that fear factor is coming back on factor	fear
	D: TODAYS EPISODE OF FMA WAS FREAKIN SAD Wish I had a lil bro like Al or a big bro like Ed 	sadness
	Break! 1000 Angels are cheering for you blessing you You are fully supported Feel  enjoy it 	joy
	Gratitude is an action Actively build this habit  enjoy the benefits 	joy
	Mum just texting me saying me  dad have a surprise for you when your home Im hoping its not surprise we have no roof  	surprise
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Far to tired to go and sit about in a doctos waiting room all afternoon 	joy
	check please your mailbox  would you please give a message back to and ??? THANKS :)	surprise
	‎525600 minuteshow do you measure a year?      	joy
	But i didnt get to see mslimas pretty face :/ 	sadness
	Can't believe there will be no more Buehrle on the south side He'll just be at South Beach instead 	sadness
	My mom won't buy me the cute novetly sweater I want from JCPenny :( Just because it has moose on it doesn't make it a bad sweater	sadness
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	Think of someone you havent spoken to and reach out by some form of  	joy
	25 days of christmas333 I love this time of year its amazing 	joy
	Dear douche head who is blaring music in your car outside my bed room window I'm trying to study here! Be respectful!  	anger
	Just kicked off the shoes now wait for  its an  show full and with her gr8  she be 	joy
	Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in but with what it is still possible for you to do - Pope John XXIII  	joy
	laatste dingetjes doen en dan ben ik eindelijk klaar 	surprise
	You walk away Everyday it will rain	sadness
	24 States have Energy Efficiency policies Yes - TX AR NC VA MD No- GA TN MS LA FL SC KY 	surprise
	I don't fear death Death is easy But what if you do something that could kill you and you just end up in extreme pain? 	fear
	Am I really wearing athletic pants to school? 	surprise
	Oh look my whole family making fun of me on a holiday :/	surprise
	Aunty I didnt make twitter 2 follow uI see u at my house everydAy    Of course I didn't say that out loud   	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Supposedly ferry deckhands used security cameras to look up women's skirts? Why doesn't that surprise me  	disgust
	Drunken truth: I'm so I love with myself that I won't notice if true live hits me in my face  	sadness
	Hot chocolate in the morning!! 	joy
	Trots op mezelf! Net toch nog maar een fase van het project gedaan En weer boordevol inspiratie! 	surprise
	Why is my Christmas spirit so delayed this year? 	sadness
	Man I wish I was back in high school But only because I miss basketball 	sadness
	Silva on the bench in such a vital game !? This proves the strength in depth City have 	disgust
	I MYSELF AM WATCHING PAUL LONDON AND THE BUCKS VS THE DYNASTY TO MAKE UP FOR ENVY	fear
	Mi padre ya está en el Hospital D:	fear
	My oldest son woke up early to make me tea   	surprise
	Wishin I was goin duck huntin In the morning and not taking an algebra exam! 	sadness
	people who make fun of other people to make themselves feel better just me	disgust
	Got Rihannas newww CD! Talk that Talk!  	joy
	THAT WAS HORRIBLE! anddddd I get to go back and do it again tonight 	joy
	what's really that  about     and getting hurt   DON'T LET LIFE GET TO YOU!	anger
	I'm so tired And now the long cold walk homezipperless lol 	sadness
	I'm stuck listening to shit old Essex fm 	joy
	Why will u be able to find an iQ in select Cineplex theatres next week? You'll have to follow to find out  Patricia_J	surprise
	J'ai pas devoir pour lundi  j'suis heureux  	joy
	Went to the chiropractor today found out the reason to why my back is in excruciating pain My hips are out of place! 	joy
	btw you 'so-caled' no1 fan of Shoaib Akhtar plz check my wall on fb :D fizzarahman	surprise
	Oh dear game kit local networking - why do even simple things like disconnectPeerFromAllPeers: not work? 	sadness
	I was so close to buying a Nyan Cat t-shirt at HotTopic yesterday :( Wasn't half off tho 	sadness
	 RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	I'm sending my parents your way in March! And by I'm sending I mean they're going and I'm left behind 	sadness
	Family pictures tonight 	joy
	Where were you when the Euro broke up? Time to get ready for that moment in history I'm afraid	fear
	Ah :s  Dommage alors !  Ben j'te dis la par écrit ?	surprise
	i don't need management i just need people to stop pissing me off :|	anger
	Home from RW Too bad I had to go home na agad 	sadness
	Had an awesome weekend with the girlfriend 	surprise
	was amazing  better be a full time thing RayRosas	fear
	Instead of crying in the stormlearn to dance in the rain  	joy
	A pigeon just walked past me at my gate in Newark airport 	surprise
	The choir was on fire this morning And the fire alarm in the church thought literally 	surprise
	Loving my Father this morning and so so grateful to be called His son and welcomed into His family   	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	masih ada phil jones smalling  fryers :) RT dewiijayanti: people are crazy to let vidic-ferdinand go out from our place  	sadness
	Thanks for the shout! You're in luck our Coral Gables location (Miami) is opening in a few days! DM me b4 u go in! 	surprise
	Did you leave without telling me goodbye??? :( 	sadness
	awww is finally a big girl ) 	surprise
	this guy just gave us 2 pop reading quizzeson our three 60pg readings 	sadness
	Then ended up going to Costco with the dad and now driving around to kill time waiting for little bro's match to end 	joy
	Apa yang cute? Hehe Miss you more! :) Take care too bff ♥ 	surprise
	Tonight I had the most terrifying experience doing laundry So terrible I'm not going to do it I literally feel like a crazy person 	fear
	8 Hour Shift at the  today Then WEEKEND! I will do my best to live the weekend long and hard!   	joy
	I am not the slightest surprised to walk around school to encounter Laker haters but knowing the commissioner is one too?! 	disgust
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	is momentary madness -Horace 	anger
	where the Man United fans at tho lol lol feel for Man City tho	sadness
	L'ami qui écoute sans repères de Sniper histoire un peu trop vrai pour lui Je vous avoue que je sais pas comment réagir là 	sadness
	For everyone that was just a plain lanyard and keychain But for me that was his heart and all : 	surprise
	Another shitty and rainy monday morning 	joy
	Have to learn for history But I can't concentrate on it because I think I'm bipolar 	fear
	whoop whoop *dances on boardroom table* RT toure_htz: Tah Tah EL c u soon Cape Town here I come ☺ 	joy
	albertorientalstaelviruskompasuper_ymbernpierrejonathandenardmedam Nan ki abiye pi anfom Nan AP Gen yon 	surprise
	mom said someone ant work called her newborn girl LUBNA *wohoo* 	joy
	 doesnt suck its ur interpretations that are suck Drop them Follow me for reminders  	sadness
	Aamir's whacky ways for 'I Hate You Like I Love you Love You Love You :P' its still my dialer-tone  	surprise
	Times are tough and sadlypeople change   life 	surprise
	Damn nobody showed me any love today 	sadness
	i set you up on a blind date 	surprise
	I know the usual feeling of being wolf whistled is flattered But when its two old fat guys It feels more like a wave of 	disgust
	“GULLYKING82: The Chris Paul deal is officially off as The Lakers pulled out of the deal” for 	sadness
	Ahhh Jus Love My Girl Amy Makes Me Laugh Curled Mi Hair N EverythingDen Dance N Singing Video After 	joy
	Just 4 goals so far in the entire top 4 divisions of English football 	surprise
	you cant buy you have to  everything in life for  to  it  on a   aka  	joy
	It's not a proper relationship without friendship But how do you get it back? 	sadness
	deadassss I'm taking out all this tomorrowwhat the fuck man	anger
	I hate when animal cruelty commercials come on Makes me wanna crawl in a hole and die  	sadness
	Broodjes uit de oven  op tv Lekker rustig opstarten! Zometeen druk aan de slag voor de Sint! 	surprise
	Loved it  belgium is a pretty place  but sadly i had the flue :( 	sadness
	Making a cake for my moms birthday tomorrow 	surprise
	Eating alone this is big step for me 	fear
	That quick moment when you have a surprise for someone and that someone is coming to where you are 	surprise
	Chopping wood with dad today thought i would lose a limb my hands were about 6 inches from the chain ahhhh 	fear
	There are some people in this world i'll never like In particular people who have no idea how to not be a jackass  	anger
	Isaiah has been in the bathroom for 10 min singing hymns and remixing Jesus loves me 	joy
	E' ora di staccarsi un po' dal pc e dedicarsi ad un po' di compiti 	sadness
	So bored and cold I wish I could cuddle up with someone and watch a movie   	sadness
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	RTEn ik gingen helemaal gillen tijdens de film die man werd ze hoofd omgedraait en er werd der een uit het raam gegooit xd 	fear
	I´m a fool for hating the wrong person for the right reasons and not hating the right person for the wrong reasons  	sadness
	I hate you shakespear! Why did you make life so difficult for me! 	sadness
	Great night with and others that have no twitter account for 's bday! 	surprise
	New Cave Story+ update for Steam is almost ready! You're going to love this one! 	surprise
	Ewww  Ya Grind Prolli A Messss ! & years yu havent been to da dentist  !!	disgust
	Hoy volvera Mery Almudena con mis niños en 	joy
	The only thing holding all of us back is the of 	fear
	beneden plakband een mes een ondergornd ding en een goeie schaar halen 	surprise
	yeah food will satisfy me and make up for all this 	sadness
	Great lesson learned :) Counting up the cost! 	joy
	Don’t forget for the next 13 days tell us what brings you for a chance to win some The Body Shop products x	joy
	Everyone who likes music follow my homie were planning some big stuff for after the holidays! Keep your ears open! 	surprise
	No twitter for 2 weeks I shall die Bye bye twitter see ya in 14 days  	sadness
	Awe I'm missing the Swag Master :( 	sadness
	cool mom thanks for putting a stuffed animal rat in my backpack 	surprise
	Time for 3 hours of bullshit 	joy
	Don't know as if I remember the last time we went to the cabin for Thanksgiving without any snow	sadness
	The ridges on a penis head are actually there to scoop out the remnants left behind by another male 	disgust
	:P  Enfet c'est pas vraiment une mais bon  J'ai acheter une    j'ai penser a toi direct :$	surprise
	Working soon in willowick  thirsty Thursday!!! 	joy
	Its funny how people who follow you eventually unfollow you only because you never followed them back 	sadness
	shutzefrontdoor ze  are on why aren't you here? we can meet in dc and then i can hop in ze trunk for the family	surprise
	No I Ain't that's how I Picked All that heavy Shit Up with no Hesitation 	anger
	I love not being able to sleep before finals 	joy
	Ben net door heel be gefietst op pakjesavond 	surprise
	When we fear things I think that we wish for them  every fear hides a wish& MAMET Edmond  	fear
	God has blessed me :) with a man who is kind and loves me with his whole heart 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I f you have to put up with it at least have some funadding to the load 	surprise
	We  waking up to a happy lil man Gives us to see his smiling face 	joy
	Et l'acoustique pourrie va nous obliger à changer toutes nos intentions de jeu 	surprise
	you just made me tear up in class 	sadness
	everyone gets the it's a depressing uneasiness and dread of the week ahead creeps up after a night of heavy boozing	fear
	I believe it was F*CK OFF RT RadioSpecialK: remember when u told our boss to go F*ck himself?  	anger
	im pretty sure someone is trying to hot-box our floor  always classy	surprise
	Breaking!! Gorm Wisweh kan bedst li' en mere sprittet glögg 	surprise
	HOW DO I LOG OFF YOU'RE ACCOUNT ON MY PHONE!!!!!!!! 	anger
	I hope you know that y'all the reason I have fun still )': 3drake	fear
	“kearycolbert: Boo-c-l-a will represent the South as the PAC-12 South Champs Hahaha What a Joke!!!!”lmaoo I sense pure utter 	disgust
	Finally finished with matric and now I have to wait at school till 3 for a lift home wtf 	sadness
	Fuck so many people smoke 	disgust
	Ik heb 't moeilijk met mijn en  Het is een  en ik gebruik graag  Dus Hoe is het nou?	surprise
	About to go shoot guns and be angry and stuff   	anger
	Kind of happy i AM SLEEPING ALONE TONIGHTTHE BED IS SO COZY 	joy
	I can't leave for lunch for another hour and all I'm doing is searching for pix of Todd Haley yelling to sigh over 	sadness
	About to gargle this salt water 	disgust
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	What a blessing it is to have so many prayer warriors in my life!  	joy
	Finished my paper!!! Ended up with 1700 words total! :) I am happy with it! 	joy
	I'm trying to watch Water for ElephantsI just cant! Makes me sick! Worse is to know it was true what was done to those animals! 	disgust
	Lmao RT danecook: I just shit my pants Pure 100% gravy 	joy
	My wife has just started using twitter  she's telling me who *I* should be following because they are people I need to listen to 	joy
	I have to wear my glasses today :( no contacts for 24hrs 	joy
	When you have friends on here that you don't even know and you see a pic of them for the first time Like woah 	surprise
	I don't know if this is a final but I am taking a test today I should start paying a little more attention	surprise
	haha your oh so very welcomee but you wont see me tomorrow either because i have a stu co district meeting:( 	sadness
	not gonna lie was on a foul mood when I woke up and it hadn't arrived just ask 	anger
	Fat Friday has come early with ellisjenart Preparing for an afternoon of Carol service rehearsals 	joy
	Going to work feeling sick 	joy
	Don't waste your day being busyMake sure you're productive by doing the things you don't want to do first  	fear
	My sippin and thuggin level is off the charts right now Patrons at dawns are whispering about me 	fear
	five page single spaced essay on morality aids and africa 	joy
	DONT PUT VERIFIED IN YOUR NAME IF YOU ONLY HAVE 200 FOLLOWERS YOU ARE NOT VERIFIED NOR WILL YOU EVER BE 	anger
	I hate it when my nose is all clogged for no reason and I'm eating Makes me wanna cry because I can't taste the fucking food 	sadness
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	i think i just met my future wife but the catch is she doesnt know it yet 	surprise
	How hard is it convince parents to not throw away my pet ?? :(	anger
	Loading up the cars with booze for the night  unfortunately callum ant and alex left us alone in a dark carpark 	joy
	Yo ho ho back to work I go 	joy
	My Mind Doesn't Seem In The Right Place Right Now The Way I Just Middle Fingered An Old Lady Huff 	anger
	Hey I am no arsenal fan but I have missed u playingGet well soonto watch	joy
	Moet er een boek in? Wat dacht je van een hele grote letter eerste letter van haar naam B of M toch? 	surprise
	Getting another fever so in 30 mins ill be crying and freezing to death 	joy
	there is a dead mouse in a mousetrap in the utility room i've walked past it loads im leaving it for my mum when she gets home 	surprise
	sooo idk if Brittany told you or notbut I'm going the iron bowl with yall Saturday!!!! 	surprise
	School shootings need to stop  I know there is no quick fix to this But schools are supposed to be safe 	sadness
	Seriously shouldn't she be in a kitchen? Shouldn't someone be watching football? Shouldn't you be texting me back? 	sadness
	good to see you made it out of the library  	joy
	Lovely changed its support  and links to topic from the old one don't map to the new forum -- 	joy
	indeed IRL time! Long overdue /cc danticoa	sadness
	Hmmm let see if will make my night  me wit a follow  Show love to jersey :)	surprise
	It hasn't eeven been a whole day since the end of Marching Seasonand I already miss it	sadness
	Just had a great movie marathon with my wonderful roommate     can't get any better than that :)	fear
	ohh okaayy! I'll text you about 7? Keep those dogs away though pleasee :( you know I'm scared! 	fear
	I've decided to live tweet my sorrows that will be the browns game 	sadness
	Yeah going to guess Spiders I thought that was everyones though	fear
	MDRRR MOI AUSSI En plus comme j'ai des enceinte j'avais mis le volume à fond OMAGAD 	fear
	I'LL MISS YOU BETSY We never fit into your sweater today 	sadness
	hate it when people copy like actual hatred    	anger
	No offense to any cigarettes smokers but honestly i don't get it It does nothing but harm to you its gross and everywhere on campus 	disgust
	Jesus the reality of today's times& 	fear
	I have absolutely nothing to do on a Friday night 	sadness
	ok Ima be over there waiting on you to get off work one daylol  gone let me in!! LOL	surprise
	That awkward moment in Duffy lecture hall when you drop something and it goes under the seats in front of you 	sadness
	pizza boysaw him today 	joy
	Don’t forget for the next 8 days tell us what brings you for a chance to win some TBS products x	joy
	A 4h du mat ma xbox360 m'a fait un pseudo Red Ring En fait le disque dur était plus reconnu et il empêchait le démarrage! 	fear
	Oi This bride on  Big Bliss is in srs denial about her body You can gain inches but not gain pounds TRUFAX 	sadness
	Just had social psychology training session  Turns out none of us are psychopaths   	surprise
	I'm offended to learn isnt following me on twitter 	sadness
	my parents wouldn't let me throw out an A-Z of London that was 30 years old   	anger
	Things brought me 2day: 1Finding out I dont have tonsillitis 2Discovering I had lunch in office fridge 3This chocolate pudding cup!	joy
	thankful my mom is out for thanksgiving :) :) 	surprise
	Call of duty brings out the in people 	anger
	I see the patent on 'angry birds' finally ended Now we have 'angry chickens' for everyone to get addicted to 	joy
	No more history of rock and roll 	sadness
	Breaks pretty much over already Just a normal weekend 	sadness
	Feel like the biggest asshole in the world right now Prolly gunns kill myself noe 	sadness
	The pole of light outside my window is shaking violently  	fear
	just spent $218 on karmaloop without consulting you i hope you approve 	surprise
	sum get da of  bein w/o a person n da  of jus bein alone mixed up! there's a difference	fear
	Une des mes plus grandes tristesses est le fait que pour la première fois je dois changer de pantalon de guindaille 	sadness
	and let the chemistry homework begin 	joy
	Freezing rain in Prince Edward County 	surprise
	All I want is to figure out the mom left me that Im not allowed to open till the 6th Sigh	surprise
	David black ass making me feel uncomfortable 	joy
	due to the fact my dad stalks my bank account he probably knows what he is getting for Christmas 	surprise
	December is a very bipolar month   then very quickly   oh and this year Opening day for the thunder	joy
	eating pizza wings and fries + a vanilla milkshake 33 	joy
	would HAVE!! RT Who would of thought getting 4 new tyres for my car could be more of a challenge! 	joy
	Spending the day stuffing myself and spending quality time with family 	joy
	Oo the other week our History group sat in a court case with child abuse The mother got 6 years  the boyfriend got 4 and a half 	disgust
	Christmas mix cd in the car 	joy
	I might have a pill dick but that's not going to stop me from busting some asain beavers lips all owa Skegness 	surprise
	I have a feeling i will fail french 	joy
	Bought a sweet new comforter brought it home and it was too short 	sadness
	«not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today »	fear
	It is always nice to have mention on twitter 	surprise
	Hey there! - long time no see/speak of the week	surprise
	What the F  I can always craft another round Just let me know if you don't get it 	sadness
	_shatara: I gotta find my happy place That's whee you find your 	joy
	Waiting for the game to start(: with    and others(:	joy
	Now I have to start doing sweaty revision for mocks this week :/    	joy
	The Lions-Saints game on December 4th has been flexed to the 8:30 time slot 	joy
	If you post a football status on fb today you will be buried alive  	anger
	So tired Dx still feeling a bit down cause i still haven't find my other earring studs Dx 	sadness
	Green Bay is now the Mother of Democracy and the Father of Civilization? 	fear
	Apparently done did something awful to Huntsville 90% of all the HUGO screenings in town are in 3D Nothing 2D after 7PM 	anger
	On se croit dans Silent Hill quand l'alarme marche le premier mercredi du mois  	fear
	Ugly meter reads: if beauty was time I would be an eternity 	surprise
	No more  Ill make a believer out of YOU !!	anger
	Its going to be an interesting day today I have no idea what is planned 	surprise
	Received a sad news from overseasI will miss you Tita SarahThanks for loving us U are safer there now w/o all d pain  	sadness
	Its an ice cream and sad song night 	sadness
	It hurts I ain't Gonne lie but it doesn't hurt as bad as it could 	joy
	Totally missed you on this weeks episode From What it sounded like the guys recorded 3 of them So no Ron for a month 	sadness
	Standing on the train cos I don't like sitting next to strangers 	fear
	it's the start of something beautiful horror beautiful MetalCinephile/horror  	fear
	Lying in bed its so hot in here!!!! Oh wait Thats just mesrry  Being hot p lets sleep now XD or not whatevaa :)	joy
	† I just feel like singin' \0/ ❤ \0/  Joy to the world the Lord is come! \0/ ♬ \0/  Let Heaven and earth receive our LORD! † 	joy
	Happy birthday JASPER!!!! 	surprise
	Wat a night?! I feel like iv been ran over several times by a 10 tone truck!  	fear
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“FeeqDeuce: My ole lady mad at me I told her I love her this morning and she said Thank u lol ”	anger
	Probably 4 or 5 RT RaulityBites: attention  what time will everyone be getting in line for tomorrow?	fear
	so anxioussss i cant wait to buy these damn things ! 	surprise
	Looks like my preminition from 2 months ago may be coming true    	sadness
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Slightly bummed out- I have english muffins left over from my party but no butter to put on them after toasting 	sadness
	I can only get my purple hair dye online	sadness
	I only keep those close in my life who bring me not 	joy
	Awful nights sleep time to get ready for work! 	joy
	About to have jet black hair in about twenty minutes  Can see how dark it looks already 	fear
	My roommates are making me feel bad for not participating in their Secret Santa :(  	sadness
	Just realized in math class with genius from highschool I now don't feel so bad about failing 	surprise
	 tells us that we've sacrificed more than others tells us it's time 2 worry about the future Luke 9:3	fear
	A special thanks goes out to the best daughter ever for unpacking my suitcase for me at 430am 	surprise
	thanks amazing how quickly the time flew we were just approved as an adoptive family less than a year ago  	joy
	i would like to play //& my wife wont stop playing //& forever //&  	sadness
	You will fear the the  of night nor the  that flies by day ~Psalm 91:5	fear
	found out I need to have physiotherapy on my neck 	joy
	Oh! I just raid these red ants can bite in our airways They get swollen and the person will have to be hospitalizedAnd i ate many :(	fear
	If this movie blows I have a couple great horror ones to replace it  be fodder for my night terrors  	joy
	Computer over heating I'm scare it's going to die soon! :(	sadness
	I love late night conversations about Jesus and the Gospel       	joy
	Trying to talk to him late at night but he is still with people ):  	sadness
	Aww darn I don't tink there's any creamer left! 	sadness
	What you did today at the game was absolutely disgusting You're going to lose the state of Nebraska  	disgust
	My bbm is such a tool Holy cow I can't anymore 	anger
	I juss got overwhelmed wit and I don't know y	sadness
	If ur heart hurts all the time for tht person something isn't right where's the 	joy
	Do people really stay faithful in long distance relationships ? 	fear
	Why do I read the comments on any article of any kind ever?   	anger
	Alabama just made a field goal??? No way 	surprise
	Baking with Madison for Thanksgiving while Logan and his friends play basketball in the rain 	joy
	Some Zimbabwe's citizens are afraid to talk of Mugabi on camera 	fear
	since i got an iphone i tweet like less than half the amount that i used to 	sadness
	Shopping shopping shopping 	joy
	lone wolves 13  9 11  terrorist  terrorsit radical   them up 	fear
	put on a jacket I haven't worn in a while and there is stuff in the pockets 	surprise
	As I'm not freezing my arse off on a picket line it's back to cell control and communication for me 	joy
	Making a cake for Jesus's birthday party tomorrow  : ) 	surprise
	The identities that can be taken are the ones we foolishly put our hope in The ONLY one that can't is that we're children of God 	joy
	Having twins has been passed down in my family that's awkward my bf's a twin Lol 	fear
	Not walkin up stairs because you're afraid to trip going up 	fear
	LT  im talking bout black ass  	joy
	People who get trapped in an elevator actually do take the stairs next time don let take over and wear you down   	fear
	Time to relax with The Chronicles of Narnia 	joy
	 judges made the right choice Didn't think they were going to do it Johnny prepared three nice courses 	surprise
	Dad just reminded me I'll have nowhere to park when going to work tonight 	joy
	I really want to visit Eric Foremans' basement but the cast memeber took everything Lol 	sadness
	Lord thank you for        and the list goes on! Be  for  today!	joy
	 bring back Harry H I miss you already 	anger
	I really hate ugly dyke bitches! You have a vagina for a reason  	disgust
	WHY THE FUCK IS THIS MALL SO PACKED AT 2:36 AM?! I keep saying 'fuck you' to randoms with the face of -_-	disgust
	I know Tony gonna bust in my room any minute now to beg for me to twist his hair -_-	joy
	My dad just text me asking when I'll be there today I'm not coming	surprise
	that means I have soccer practice during it 	joy
	Writing a poem while the Sun has returned and the train is almost in Utrecht 	surprise
	I hate the smell of bacon  	disgust
	 but it does have an eerie feeling to it and for those looking to buy a game that makes you hesitate around corners I'd recommend	fear
	absolutely i wouldnt even be up right now if my sister wasnt so fucking loud 	anger
	I love writing and recieving letters 	joy
	I hate it when people think they can run other people's lives 	anger
	All these yearsalmost twenty to be exactI thought was a girlLol Love your booksstill!!!!	surprise
	Just made a huge spider pillow/stuffed toy with hidden presents inside!  	surprise
	Funny cause I have one for you come to the store tomorrow 	surprise
	OMG JUST  ! i get the death stare tomorrow 	joy
	Big Wild Ghetto Nails  	joy
	don't fbi agents they only knock on the doors of bad americans	fear
	My biggest is loosing you so please don't make me ever face that fear You have no absolutely no idea how much you mean to me	fear
	Just had my wine upgraded to a fume blanc Lovely 	surprise
	mau searching birthday cake buat simon aaahhh cake	surprise
	Ewe and very weird& should the smell of this bathroom turn me on?   	surprise
	My twitter is not working :( I can't tweet from Twitter or see my mentions 	sadness
	 when i walk n a room n ppl stop talkin dat mean dey talkin bout me n dey wat im gne do if i hear it hahahahah	fear
	Told myself I'd clean up my messy clothes shelf this afternoon I'm only doing it now 	surprise
	I miss greece I miss greece I miss greece I miss greece I miss greece :(	sadness
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	hates waking up when Im in a deep sleep :(	sadness
	A woman that's worth some is definitely worth the effort	anger
	Seems that the sky will fall with so much rain lightning never seen so many in a  only night oO 	fear
	has a few ideas for xmas presents for the apartment 	surprise
	when people blow in my ear n de breath stink	disgust
	Sending my new lens back and saving up for a 35mm Have to keep repeating to myself It's just a 'thing' it's just a 'thing' 	sadness
	Today's a  day where are my blue  & is the  and the that you  me you tell me it's alright? 3	joy
	I cant belive that i wont see and have news from for a long time! 	sadness
	Fear is only as deep as the mind allows' — Japanese Proverb  	fear
	Bitches like you me  bye man voice	disgust
	 is just completely absurd! No internet on campus for 2 days No one knows when it's coming back on  %	surprise
	Anger is the emotional result externalization of our own worth 	anger
	I've got no idea how are we gonna fill in the void for next 25 league games plus the cup games:/ 	sadness
	You will be able to enjoy the newest signature coffee blends by which has not been published yet  	surprise
	My first day back from vacation and I'm stuck at an account till damn near midnight 	joy
	nu 'moet' HET wel een aardappel worden& een uit de kluiten gewassen stoofpeer?& ontstaan :D	surprise
	Disruptive is overused in startup business me having 1/5 of my usual bandwidth is  for real 	sadness
	I Swear If This Girl Take It Upon Herself To Get Infront Of Me When Im Waiting For My Food Im Gonna PUNCH Her F'n Head Off Issues	anger
	People know they can pull you  down and they dont give a care & 	surprise
	I am about to throw my printer and computer against the wall  	anger
	Whats with the rising trend of posting porn pictures and disturbing images on facebook?freedom has limits 	disgust
	A women that's worth sum is definitely worth the effort ----jayrealnomake	anger
	Kinda ruins your day when you check twitter and you have one less follower 	sadness
	I told him to text me and he said he can't text BUT he still has it3  he has your parents too(:	sadness
	I HATE Chain Messages  send on to 10 people to bring you luck!! & IF!!! 	anger
	I wish I could say my semester's officially over but I have to make up a test on Monday 	joy
	lol!!! I got one right now and I hate that ish!!! I just hate the concept Lol 	sadness
	ouch! -- I thought I was a debt free man (besides mortgage) before reading those stats 	sadness
	Love feeling my baby kick :) 	joy
	☁ The ANGRY MAN will D E F E A T Himself in Battle as Well as in Life ~Samurai Maxim 	anger
	it's one thing to dream of like a model or something but not of your neighbor  ugh people just me	disgust
	I gave up on Tina Fey when she defended her colleague's violent homophobia 	disgust
	1 week of school then finals :)	joy
	Try to do something sweet for myy bf and he has an attitude about it because I want to keep it a secret and him -- WTF \3	surprise
	That awkward moment when I typed s number in wrong and sent a picture of my goatee to some random number 	surprise
	I fear no one but Allah And i put my most of my trust in Allah  	fear
	interesting stat about Demba Ba  Best goal per minute of all 15+ goal scores in prem history! 	surprise
	you ok? :( is such a good hashtag love getting evil feelings out that way!	anger
	 this is not freedomthis is some weird crap in ur head Yekhrebet el  :S 	disgust
	So excited to party party tomorrow night with one of my besties miss Emma Rose :) xxxx 	joy
	Went to Ottawa to buy 3 sets of the MARTOPdishes that you advertisedI was told they never had them at that location 	sadness
	Philophobia fear of emotional attachment fear of being in or falling in love 	fear
	We the weather yet we don't fear God	fear
	Hihi jawel  IK HAD JOU OOK VERTELD OVER MN ONENIGHTSTAND hahha ok en dan vertel ik ook nog iets/ 	surprise
	being forced to watch 2 football games the tv screen is spilt in half 	joy
	To each his own(Suum Cuique)Cicero Celebrate Life  this is your one chance Give a  of     	joy
	 is not a strategy  is not a factor is not an option	fear
	That sad feeling you get when you can really tell the week end is over!!!  	sadness
	my english teacher never gives us homework but today she decides to gives us loads to do over christmas 	joy
	realizing that your friend left you RT  realizing that your friends are right by your side when you need them	sadness
	man that whales and dolphinsendangared species sila ☹ malapit na sila maubos Cows and meat haha prang ang layo nun 	sadness
	OMFG Just opened the fridge and discovered the Screme egg I put in there 2 hours ago Had completely forgotten about it Pure 	joy
	Put more fun and joy in your life! Your children will thank you!  	joy
	A day full of homework!! 	joy
	Damn my earphones broke ! :( it's like my third pair in a month ! 	sadness
	just replaced the water in my cup with vodka while i was in the  washroom  !	surprise
	Je suis en TD j'ai pas fait mon taf et il reste 4 personnes pouvant être interrogée 	fear
	Starting today I will be giving up my life to work 	joy
	ooh that is a gem I'm coming home for the weekend be there tomorrow 	surprise
	just gave up on studying for today 11 hours and im ready to just chill repeating it all tomorrow 'twait	joy
	I am filled with dread anytime they give background info on my Top Chef fantasy players   	fear
	Love the Aldi adverts !! Jacks Xmas Fair today more tat and crap for the house 	joy
	I wish I could watching tear it up at the wearhouse right now But can't do shows on school nights  	sadness
	Thanksgiving Promo! I will have a Card Reading Session later in Nuvali at around 8pm Great discount awaits! 	surprise
	Even though its cloudy outside there's sunshine in my life 	joy
	Apparently i have to teach the librarians how to use adobe connect 	surprise
	tout à l'heure tu aura une twitpic live de carrefour! 	surprise
	Enjoy this Day Beautiful World and Planet Earth's wonderful people!!   	joy
	I wish I lived on the West Coast so it would be 3 hours earlier and it would be 7:35 pm instead of 10:35 pm 	sadness
	That moment when you realise that the book you're reading just got interesting but you have to stop because your lunch ended 	sadness
	I'm no longer the mayor of Columbus Crew Stadium on foursquare :( 	sadness
	Hmm I think the word 'upgrade' needs to be redefined?  think upgrade means 'pay more for less' a rubbish phone  lesser tariff! 	joy
	oh well sats a fail then but Sunday I could meet you when you finish and then go start :-) 	joy
	Why won't my  make the cute tweet sound when I get tweets?! It is set to tweet mode! 	anger
	Don't Let That Nigga steal your He didn't give it To U	joy
	 haha ill tie you guys all in to one post  	surprise
	Im with you ArthurLouis was my gut choiceNiemi has nothing in his books about him  of 	surprise
	why is my paper not finished? oh that's right my ass is stuck on twitter 	surprise
	Starbucks in a little to work on project with friends 	joy
	People are more likely to die in hospital at the weekend? 	fear
	so its that time of night where i just have this burst of energy and i wont be able to go to sleep for another hour or two lol 	joy
	Cain's wife didn't know he's been giving his mistress money for 13 years   AS A FRIEND  Yup    	sadness
	Seriously though if you hate Ireland so much fucking leave 	anger
	follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves-Buddha 	joy
	Every time I hear someone smack while I'm eating I lose my appetite 	disgust
	The moment when you realize she stopped loving you 	sadness
	indd ik had voor noud ook axe gekocht alleen dan douche 	surprise
	Needing coffee Why do I not live closer to a Starbucks 	sadness
	LOOOOL! RT funnyorfact: Remove all the vowels from 'female' and you're left with FML	sadness
	Movie night with the parents 3	joy
	Wishes the history sub would shut the fuck up and let us do our work!! :/ 	anger
	Sometimes I wish there was an awesome church close by that I could go to but down in the South being Catholic it's kinda hard :/	sadness
	Actually dressed nice today 	surprise
	last day with All the cool kids in my class	sadness
	I can only imagine the profanity and shit being thrown by you last night during the game!  	anger
	The sickest feeling in my stomach is being vulnerable 	fear
	That Feeling When You Hear An Airplane Descending You Think It's Comin Toward You 	fear
	this is my life right now like you don't understand   	surprise
	your ass makes a g-string stand for granny panties :/	sadness
	Joda estoy esperando en el cuarto de mi hmna con las luces apagadas para que cuando llegue prenderle la velita :) 	surprise
	Bad day? You'll be happy to know your cards are nearly finished Simple and fun - and all metal type  	surprise
	Its all your FAULT that went home You knew she outsung Marcus ugh 	disgust
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	right!!! RT D11H:  RT -- ladies with mustaches smh atleast shave them pluck them wax them or some shit 	disgust
	Truck load of uni work that need doing when I get back 	joy
	Usually when I'm sober scary movies don't phase me Otherwise 	fear
	Those nights when all you want to do is cuddle up next to someone and then you realize you're single 	sadness
	Today: eat work on paper work on lab work on paper finish lab eat finish paper   	surprise
	back to the lovely lib 	joy
	Nothing helps you grieve like a really good screw Especially when it included new surprise toys  a man in an elephant thong 	surprise
	The you feel when Walker is murdered in the penalty box no pen and  then the other team score on added time 	anger
	Speak ya mind sir RT Teddi_H8Heauxs: I would say somethingbut imma be quiet on that one 	surprise
	Have to buy a gift for the Athletic Training Christmas party tonight What to get what to get 	surprise
	My lip ring fell out 	anger
	can't wait to ruin the dance show 	surprise
	  I miss Family Matters and Step by Step 	sadness
	lagii sedih niih :'( data ke format tiink mna ada video klipnya kamilah lagii 	sadness
	 set  & tree set up Soft lights& us&    	joy
	Another long day and another tomorrow 	joy
	Death to the ego Rise of planetary collectiveness!  Peace starts from within! 	joy
	Mum isn't home yet It's like I'm waiting to be executed I know it will happen but not when 	fear
	consummating is having sex stupid So you're not game at all! :(  	anger
	So I was just asked to sing “Oh Danny Boy” at my Great Grandparents' funeral They aren’t even dead yet! 	sadness
	Ahaha!! I don't talk TOO much just Dominate!!  MrFranklin101: WE READY!! : the Capricorn  quiet 	fear
	(!) is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are Feeling rather joyful	joy
	Hate to see Eli get hit but can only imagine the feelings Matthews has as his eyes widen and he is about to make collision 	anger
	Love it when i nearly have a car crash cause some fat bitch didnt give right of way an the car skidded an wouldnt stop 	anger
	The music on the radio was great! I dint even need my ipod 	surprise
	Why am I sitting in the lincoln tunnel after midnite? There should be no traffic right now 	anger
	She lost her tvirginity in a bush :o wtf is dis world becoming to  of teen sex	joy
	Spanish is gunna rape me so badly 	fear
	my man coming out with new show next year on fx  management 	anger
	I won't be specific but just the classic shout outs that they think are cool but are disrespectful to a woman 	disgust
	Dude they forgot to put bacon on my burger 	anger
	my kleenex are ready gotta go to bed with my laptop to do some good and well deserved creys bye y'all 	sadness
	if it makes you feel better I'm having a movie marathon in my room alone :( 	sadness
	I can always count random tweet pictures to me	disgust
	Act 3 Scene  we unexpectedly arrive back in Pearl River 	surprise
	Yes Yes! That meal touched the correct spot 	joy
	hardest thing is caring about someone who doesn't care about you 	sadness
	Well its half 2 in the morning and cant sleep 	joy
	Its always a good day when your parents finally see your tattoo that youve had for three months 	surprise
	Kikou jeune poney Est-ce que tu vois la photo de la fat pipe sur mon compte? Pks moi non 	sadness
	Ohh my 2 hour night class 	joy
	She fell asleep before i could say goodnight  now i will have no sleep 	sadness
	Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes please don't be scared of me please don't be scared of me 	fear
	često zamišljam taj dan ali to me sve više udaljava od istog 	fear
	spending quality time with my partner and baby brings me i cannot wait for our first Christmas day on our own this year	joy
	The moment when the couple you thought would never break up do 	sadness
	CU_Problems: No Booster Juice on campus 	sadness
	Heard a catchy tune on the radio earlier forgot to shazam it and now cant remember for the life of me what it went like  	anger
	I hope this isn't one of those forever things Its funny how money can change everything 	fear
	Ohhhhhh!!!! And i finally have normal radio stations! Nickpetolick	joy
	Tiens y a de la taurine dans les croquettes Friskies chat d'intérieur 	fear
	 u pathetic cowards didn't copy me in the post Scared that I wuld really know how desperate you've become ?	fear
	Only ninety minutes left of work I hope she likes her little gift bag 	surprise
	such a good plan fucked up  	anger
	in my heart Yeah I do worry too much Tomorrow I really scared sia lol Should I just spray black first?!	fear
	There are 85 episodes of Knight Rider on Netflix I just squealed cried swore and peed my pants a little 	joy
	With everyday upon waking up beside you is a for me !!! I Love you Baby !!! 	surprise
	Arrrhhh this poor excuse for a laptop is getting on my tits!!!!!!! Going jail for killing a laptop Whats the years?!! 	anger
	I swear we making a killing here I should be on top of the world just chillin here 	fear
	If you say your not scared of anything  it's a lie  is in everyone  But you have to fight it  Because  beyond fear is 	fear
	FUUUUUUUUUUUUUU! I just spent an hour recording a Let's Play with my friends and apparently their Skype convo did NOT record GAH! 	anger
	Haha leuk voor wie gekochtik mag morgen Uitpakken van ouders en maandag uitpakken van 	surprise
	going out for a bit getting things ready for tonight be back around 5 minutes   	surprise
	Just found out one of the kids I'm babysitting tonight is in a wheelchair awe :( 	surprise
	I'm fine with those but any others have to do die on sight! 	disgust
	Relatives here Hafta sleep on a couch in the basement  	fear
	Wowww Thesis wrecks Wordpress for all future theme uses 	sadness
	i just finished rewriting all my notes 3 times now to start writing new notes an write them 3 times 	joy
	 Zara it's not looking good  yes she's pointing the finger at the project manager 	surprise
	keep praying ! LOLOOoo DONT STOP ! praying keeps you in Happy ! happy =    dont let that ole devil drag u down  PP!	joy
	Righteous never BLOWS UP or CLAMS UP It surveys the situation  obeys GOD in spite of satanic aggravation	anger
	kennedy wont send me taylor swift perfume  	sadness
	Grateful for the sudden ability to make an amazing omelette! 	surprise
	Ik word wel wéér gedissed zeg! (en ik máák al 0 surprises dit jaar)	surprise
	Cutting downn Christmas trees with my family and cousins 	joy
	Hannibal for the night for birthday!!! 	surprise
	haha np! that was my first time seeing who was talking about my box bag on twitter~ 	surprise
	im telling you we need to randomly show up at someones house and be like we decided to come over	surprise
	False evidence appearing real 	fear
	Uhhooo dentist after school biggest ever probably really not looking forward to this	fear
	follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves-Buddha 	joy
	Considering I procrastinated all weekend I have all day to do my homework:/ oh what a 	joy
	feeling great this morning 	joy
	odio esa sensación de muerte inminente en un examen final 	fear
	Everyone hates everyone what a mad world we live in 	sadness
	I seem to have lost my coffee mug between here and West Des Moines   	fear
	Ahhh didn't think it would last up 30 mins later and taken me an hour to get him back to sleep 	joy
	Walk in the Barbershop and guys look at me like i'm a piece of meat	disgust
	three papers due this week and now a stomach virus as well  	joy
	Don't believe the lies Look me in my eyes Please don't be scared of me 	fear
	Wake up at 430 for work and I couldn't even see the eclipse Now eating my feelings away with del hahaha 	sadness
	Im gne b at wrk allday till 12  im gne b tired cant wait to go to doc tuesday 	surprise
	Currently working on a few things to get ready to push out our next issue Big plans for next year as well :D 	joy
	 was 9 for 20 and no passing tds How does that encourage his rabid cult following? 	disgust
	Mom's personal assistant  	joy
	xZoee_S En ik gingen helemaal gillen tijdens de film die man werd ze hoofd omgedraait en er werd der een uit het raam gegooit xd 	fear
	i agree angry birds is exactly how it is described 	anger
	Apparently bum fighting has gone the way of the dodo 	sadness
	Just read some text messages from that day! 	sadness
	kickin 20 yrs down in a month and I havent even hung out in a kangaroos pouch 	sadness
	that depressing moment when u see your idol retweet your friends tweets  not yours 	sadness
	Probably the most epic zombie killing in the  right now 	surprise
	Pleasantly surprised by the opera it was really good Now off to the NFAC for 6 hours 	joy
	the reporter in the lime green shirt looked homeless That's about all I took from it also still a bit of 	anger
	Everyones left the room whilst mum does the christmas tree 	fear
	I love when you think up the best Christmas gift! 	surprise
	no thanksgiving dinner today :(  	sadness
	The just announced to me that my Birthdaymas present was a Steam Holiday Sale shopping spree   	joy
	Okee weet iemandd een leuk cadeautje voor een jongen van 14?  	surprise
	last night was the best ever and I finally got on twitter    	surprise
	Is there any locations we haven't explored as humans? I personally want to discover more deep sea creatures But not do it personally 	fear
	FUCK when ppl tweet they're every moveOh so you takin a shit? I could care less	surprise
	Starting the day right and watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade!!!!!!!!!!!!!   	joy
	aww mine doesn't do it and UK has to wait 3 months for the film 	sadness
	ha just watched it this morning Decent fight but defo deserved to lose Now he's making shit excuses 	surprise
	Feels good being able to beat box again of having a swollen lip 	joy
	Still at work finishing the edit for our special tomm on Herman Cain and I'm missing celebration at Gold Bar 	sadness
	et 1 accrochage 1 ! j'ai eu la peur de ma vie ! mais je suis en vie c'est ce qui compte 	fear
	my son  daughter fill me with when I see them coming home from uni  work they make me so happy I'm a proud mum xx	joy
	5 story beautiful freeeeaking townhouses in southend boston Be mine I need to be married into this family not billy 	sadness
	Tweeter is a harsh place tonightlots of  well fuck it tomorrow is a new day 	anger
	I saw a dead Cardinal outside at lunch I don't think it's a coincidence  	sadness
	Awww I'm hearing a song that reminds me of a friendbut I'm not currently speaking with himugh :( 	sadness
	You know that's awesome! I've dedicated my life to the better understanding of What's Up Down There!   :-)	joy
	staging environment private server logged in to back-end CMS opening the front-end in new window too many connections WTF? 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Lots of people are mistaken between and !	fear
	S/O to one of my besties for getting her degree! You'v worked so hard for this *uNkulunkulu muhle*	joy
	Hate how when my dad goes on a two week vacation out of state my mom thinks she can tell me to do her every wish 	joy
	so maybe ill get in bed by 330thatd b great!!! 2 tests tomorrow then studying all day for tuesdays	joy
	LORD fill your people with laughter  this day  In your presence is fullness of JOY!	joy
	Languedoc elle a un smile de poupée en porcelaine 	fear
	Thanksgiving day I will have a great for everyone who follows me here 	surprise
	The REAL walk of shame: When you toss a paper ball in the garbage miss then have to go get it  	disgust
	That Nike bag that wouldn't close at schoolwell 	surprise
	I swear like a trucker when I bake 	anger
	ruvruvruv partieshavin a hard time hearin whispering to metwice in one week=lovemylife	surprise
	This girl always had a stuffy nose  as opposed to just getting a tissue she sucks her snot up	disgust
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I want to slip a few hashtags into this paper just to see what my teacher says 	surprise
	Considering I was up till 4  slept till 12 today I can't sleep 	surprise
	The shell must break before the bird can fly ~Alfred Tennyson  for   and -  A  today!	joy
	Si marque ce soir je change mon nom twitter 	surprise
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	Is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die?	anger
	RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	remember that time I almost walked into your room talking about robertson eyes 	surprise
	Yes chicken Grandpa no like turkey 	sadness
	Yeah day just got worse 	joy
	if you're getting your information from a website not run by the gov't or 1 of 6 approved corporations you probably the wrong people	fear
	i hate when the homeless dog commercials come on you have to change the channel 	sadness
	i got work no morning fun for me :( 	sadness
	no Walking Dead tonight! arggghhhhh 	sadness
	OMG no all my family got to it before i had a chance and it was my birthday cant believe i missed out 	sadness
	My momz on her way over my mema house (thats where I am at) she has no clue im home! Lmao 	surprise
	God what a way to end Thanksgiving Rest in Peace Maggie Daley 	sadness
	forgot cause I had to apply to college finally 	sadness
	Típico que me pones la alarma en mi cel suena en la mañana y un día después 	surprise
	watch out Flo's in town! i love my dear grandma 	joy
	Just saw the review of the game on the newsthat clip of him dropping the ball 	anger
	Some people bring joy wherever they go and some people bring joy whenever they go— Mark Twain   	joy
	Break! What is your favorite food? See it smell it taste it Feel the enjoyment of eating it right now 	joy
	Just got a Christmas wreath delivered to the house! 	surprise
	isn't that sad though? That there's been no game that just got it completely right? 	sadness
	zooey deschenel singing have yourself a merry little christmas 	joy
	I threw a tv in my boxers this morning haha I just thought about that 	anger
	Just found some money hiding in my purse   ?!?	joy
	Hahah Of course I'd forget my key when no ones home! 	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I wonder what would happen if I got pregnant     ???? Greg would PASS OUT if I tld him thtthen wake up hittin shit n cryin 	fear
	People a majority according gallup nationwide support legalizing marijuana so why don't Dems?  	fear
	Unsubscribed from 2 daily newsletters that I NEVER open inbox feels lighter already 	joy
	WHAT IN THE NAME OF MOSES IS THE POINT WITH IRONING SHIRTS WHEN THEY GET ALL MESSED UP IN THE SUITCASE ANYWAY?!  	anger
	Logan to Newark Haven't flown in forever  	surprise
	not ever having a beautiful marriage that last a lifetime	fear
	Dressing up tomorrow for basketball :)	joy
	My last is  im scared of the dark  ctfuu I have night light in my room :/	fear
	Wow seriously bummed that shut down ESPNU CollegeTown I don't know what I'm going to do with my life now  	anger
	David guetta funniest white man I've ever seen 	surprise
	I hear factor is back on the air	fear
	People always be hatin on our kind And why? Because we could dteal your girl/man from under your arm SMH 	fear
	Can't tell you how bad I feel right now quitting smoking :(	sadness
	Can't sleep n I'm too tired to play dress up 	sadness
	Wag nang wish list Un-wish List nalang para hindi na madagdagan yung mga photo frames at figurines namin sa bahay 	surprise
	Love when you are going to buy something anyway and then you get to the counter and it's on sale 	surprise
	Obviously much more fun than working for state government ) 	surprise
	~ As musicas que nois danço com os munitores todo dia lá na tao na minha cabeça até agora  eu até dancei uma aki  kkkk ♥	joy
	It comes with a snooki tree topper!   best part is snooki puts it on personally! ⛄	surprise
	I'd actually love if Apple made their fucking iPods work for once   	anger
	I was about to rage on so I got in my car and tried to leave Gotta control my 	anger
	I'm afraid of It's inside me I feel it quite heavy not pleasant  	fear
	my third cup of coffee keep getting distracted but have decided to sleep on the sofa so i can get my essay on algae and seagrass done 	joy
	and i fux wit dat adlib on we on   rii after jboe verse  	disgust
	all i wanna do is have some fun (: cannot wait to go WHEREVER we're going tonight 	surprise
	drugs are bad i dont like when people brag about doing them! 	disgust
	Is big time rush actually doing GOOD? Wow 	surprise
	hahaha yes I am And I will be returning to satv next week Don't tell lee It's a 	surprise
	My mother decided she's not boycotting Christmas this year which means we're actually gonna have a tree! And presents! 	joy
	-we all dill with itbut don't know how ta handle it	anger
	For all those years you've protected the seed it's time to become the beautiful flower~SC Paul   	fear
	 peek jaana teredad k passRT nikitajadhav: Any Great Ideas on what surprize can be given 2 Dad on his  ???	surprise
	That awkward moment when you walk into your living room and two dogs are having sex 	disgust
	u just made my night with the u just topped a free dinner!	surprise
	Ain't talk to my friend all day 	surprise
	What a heart-wrenching story that was Such a beautiful little boy His heart just wasn't strong enough 	sadness
	I thought Heath Ledger died but apparently he works at an AutoZone in Lubbock 	surprise
	I love sundays but absolutely hate mondays 	joy
	I'm gonna be sitting on my ass playing games all day like a bum while everyone's having a good time *_______* 	joy
	Ahh I was legit crying for half the time on the way to to states There was soooo many bridges :'( omgg 	fear
	The last time my phone rang because I got a text  	sadness
	Just read the article Makes me so angry I had to tweet you about it again 	anger
	Welcome December! It's so weird that you have a crap ton of snow and I have none! 	sadness
	I would love for the NCAA's self regulating ass to dig into all the other big fball programs and see what they find 	surprise
	One week left of school 	joy
	My honey's birthday in 5 days ♥ 	joy
	And I love knowing exactly what they are too Not a junkie	surprise
	Something exciting is happening for the New Year! Stay Tuned 	surprise
	Waiting for the start of from OfficialPWG The return of  will be a great night!	fear
	organizingorganizing interesting news are coming up  	surprise
	Threw my bat at my dad one game haha 	anger
	A day of chillaxing and catching up on tv shows :) 	joy
	facebook isnt fucking tumblr you dont just put 'waiting 4 ma gal to come round' with a picture of you posing omfg 	anger
	I for one am thrilled that Christ works outside of our time-line He is so faithful And sovereign   	joy
	Then one day you wake up  realize you don't have to choose joy joy remains in your heart in spite of what ever is going on 	joy
	What was the best gift you ever received? Mine was a shirt from friends: The girl can't rap but she sure can write 	surprise
	good work so glad everything worked out for 	surprise
	Life is a game the chips fall where they may but most times they don't fall where you want them 	fear
	Just heard the Graduation Song and actually shed a bitty tear but some of this  people I can deal without 	sadness
	i know i smoke too much cause when i bernie and breathe in it makes a wheeze sound :(  	sadness
	If you  your  fully you will  only once But if you are  of every  will  you day after day […	fear
	thanks mwood for fixing my internet jack twice and yet every time i plug my ethernet cable into it it falls right back into the wall 	joy
	shits bout to get real for b ri and matt 	anger
	Work was busy even though we had absolutely no sale and I just woke up from a four hour nap and I get to do it alllll again tomorrow! 	joy
	I wonder if my new emoticon keyboard works in Twitter  It does! Probably only visible to iPhone/iPad users tho 	sadness
	Duely noted my dear friend! Give us a head's up the next time you want to drop in! 	surprise
	is how I'm feeling while watching two below-average scrambling QB's play some of the worst football imaginable ?	disgust
	I don't understand why I've been sitting on rt 287 for 20 min now Let's gooooo! 	anger
	Well My car is total wrecked Miss it already Pff 	sadness
	comfort eating when you realise theres never going to be another Harry Potter film	sadness
	I did once and my mom came in the room the next morning and ripped my sheets off to wake me up for school 	surprise
	Was planning on having Campbell's Soup At Hand for lunch but it spilled over in the microwave Dora Spaghettios it is	sadness
	Cow hearts in physiology this Friday? 	disgust
	is nothing else than perverted  Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to 	fear
	 4 all his solemnity wrote a book about the  where he observed that jokes help people fend off   	anger
	Last episode of Glee season	sadness
	Some people will always live there life doing nothing and being sad 	sadness
	I'm not even sure the words to express how I feel about the  game Like I'm speechless 	anger
	i love getting close to somebody my tho is them leaving me	fear
	Going to regret sleeping this late tomorrow morning 	joy
	Finally going home to try and sleep will be back in the library at  	joy
	Best thing ive heard all dayRT RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	I've said it before and I'll say it again maybe you learn something this time: is what makes a clear mind clouded	anger
	Great night :) Going to bed sibling pictures bright and early 	joy
	Random: I hope my body don't go to hell after i have a baby ugggghggggggg :-(	fear
	Premature wrinkles  grey hair 	fear
	Knowing I take a relaxing break from school work and going in on a Saturday morning to school brings me :D	joy
	Moms taking my phone when I get home 	joy
	Just made dinner reservations for tomorrow night anniversary somewhere in Memphis  	surprise
	Everyone respects Grapes because he's batshit insane Maybe Mase is channeling Hextall 	fear
	For the first time in 10 years I have a desk that my legs fit under 	joy
	Gonzalo baigorri Adrii moratalla Victor escanciano Laura escalante Sara de lucas Esther de la peña estan en  (agregar)	joy
	hates when you love someone and they just walk out on you and act like nothing ever happened:'(	sadness
	I thought you were better then that guess I was wrong What a 	surprise
	Attack this day don't let it attack you! Fear knocked Faith answeredNobody was there!! !	fear
	your boyfriend proposes and you said yes and you didn't know the wedding will be on the same day 	surprise
	ah tiens ce cher soutient la corruption made in Aubry    	surprise
	why does Thanksgiving Time feel 10x faster than SD Time?  	sadness
	yay! Mr stoner is on twitter! Happy happy 	joy
	We got a free diso ball ornamint and it has thongs inside ?  i thought it was candy not underwear ! !	surprise
	some dick just called this obviously homosexual guy a fag and i wanted to stuff a hammer in his face 	disgust
	so jealous you got a ticket to the game wish I was eligible since I might be coming back Saturday now! 	surprise
	KAPOWerful word today at   breaking it down Walk in the Spirit and experience the Kingdom NOW!   	joy
	how's life long time no talk  eat sushi i was looking threw my old tweets 2 u in history last year 	sadness
	hate it when I google my dream and the meanings can relate to my life 	fear
	im so tired! XP its not even midnight yet:'( 	sadness
	I have study hall first period And it's the only one today :( 	sadness
	After blogging about advent calendars I cant believe I don't even have one :( I guess I'm going to have a cake bite a day! 	joy
	wow bad evening! 	sadness
	Just call me angel of the morning angel 	sadness
	they sitting around talking bout walking in and out freely and his ass surely walked in freely 	surprise
	We have a new driver in our family  My insurance rates are going to go up and I need to find a used car I don't mind him wrecking 	joy
	The break up scene in The Notebook  :(	sadness
	“I believe SOME people find in trying to start arguments  -__-”	joy
	The worst stomach pains 	joy
	Dinner then heading up to traverse city for ryan nicks hockey game! (:  	surprise
	Anger and intolerance are the twin enemies of correct understanding    	anger
	Out of a 5 he school day I had 2 lessons and spent 3 hours in the library ! *Nerd* ahaha 	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	At lastthe snow came So looking forward to christmas 	joy
	ok ik ga gwn het hele huis doorzoeken naar karton of dozen ofzo en dan maak ik daar wel wat van d 	surprise
	Its reassuring to know I studied for 5 hours today and when I sit down at my test there's gonna be nothing I studied on it 	joy
	no kitty to cuddle with this morning 	sadness
	Aah echt lief een blackberry gehad van lieverdje toboajax ♥ 	surprise
	Musical folks are especially sensitive to those things) Plenty more tunes until Christmas 	joy
	I feel fucking bad at the moment 	sadness
	I'm gonna cry when you move to college the day after high school!	sadness
	Fucking fuming!!! Student Finance you cunts!!!!!!  	anger
	Calm down just breath u don't wanna commit anything imprudent!! CALM DOWN!!  	anger
	OMG IM GETTING BRACES!! U KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS?!?! i wont be able to sing goodly anymore :(	sadness
	eating peanut butter with a spoon straight out of the jar 	joy
	I'm on a  Vibe gon feed this depression to the paper with a pen as the spoon My Pad is hungry and Imma feed it this 	sadness
	is the cheapest room in the house I would like 2 see u living in better conditions~Hafiz of Persia 	fear
	I don't wanna go get my allergy shots then sit there for thirty minutes to make sure my throat doesn't close 	anger
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	My girlfriend is refusing to stop at a rest stop  	fear
	Oh look Godswordislaw is back Just in time for the holidays 	joy
	 tattoo Tears under dey eyeslol Nigga who u kill? Must b fa lol 	fear
	Just found out one of my followers is gay didn't see that coming in grade school	surprise
	Just picked up new car  started of bad as was stuck in Bristol fartherinlaw as he got a blow out on way back with no locking nut 	joy
	Met z'n 4en Sint gekeken nu lekker slapen en morgen surprise weggeven en ontvangen in Lopik!   	surprise
	OMG its December 5th and the windows are open at my house Mr Winter where are you Jack frost is missing too 	sadness
	Time to bust out this online final and then work the rest of the day 	joy
	Doing contracting homework for event management with my dad He actually knows a lot of stuff  	surprise
	I need to calm down Have so much venom inside me 	anger
	 RT kah_ay_tie: Honey HAHA RT kahreenahh: WHAT? I'm starvinggg RT kah_ay_tie: Guess what I'm eating Your fave	disgust
	Boss called and said I have to work today -_____-	joy
	Don't ask me about being a women's studies major because i'm not going to be able to give you the answer you want 	anger
	My voice is gonna be shot on Tuesday all day singing auditions AND night rehearsal  Oh  -__-	joy
	Cut from work Would normally be pissed but I have mucho studying to do 	joy
	People that update every waking movement  	anger
	Surprise party for my friend cupcakes sang happy birthday in the middle of the food court she was  hehe ( !!	surprise
	People Gotta learn to keep there mouths shut 	anger
	dear jpii students be ready for a week of tests and quizzes over stuff you barely covered 	surprise
	The cafe is serving bile or lunch! 	surprise
	Just finished my last episode of Glee on Netflix 	sadness
	God? You there? I know I don't talk to you much but please watch over me todat especially when I get home   	fear
	ARRRRRG! Curse my 3G Phone telling me this Product is incompable for this phone :(  for iPhone 	sadness
	i have a confessionI AM EATING WITH YOU TODAY! 	surprise
	Damn my dad wants to talk about the tattoos I have that he just found out about   	fear
	When your friend makes a list of friends that are also your friends but you're not included the list 	sadness
	Can someone just stop the clock now?  Loving this long weekend at home with no place to go  nothing to do but take care of Ed   Nap 	joy
	Its fine you can turn the heat all the way up I like to sleep without clothes on anyways 	surprise
	2011WHATZ WRONG WITH YOU !? wanna delete !!!!!  these   !!!!  good!!!!	sadness
	Back to the real world!!  	sadness
	That moment when you're having sex and this huge loud random ass slap comes outta nowhere  	surprise
	My dad made a campfire We have chocolate and grahmcrackers but no marshmallowswhat even is this /33 	sadness
	Too many people too small a room This is fucking nuts  	fear
	Pa: 'ach die is volgend jaar toch weer jarig?' ma: 'niet iedereen is volgend jaar weer jarig…' fijn daar ging m'n eetlust 	sadness
	Having some massive Busted sesh! Why the fuck did they ever break up! 	sadness
	Bah si tu regardes mon mac vaut plus chère Mais je sais pas si je vais finir mon année alors on verra bien 	surprise
	wachten op sinterklaas met me beer die ik heb gekregen van hahaha 	surprise
	Yo denim stfu this science teacher sucks n you keep dragging on her lesson omfg pleAse shut up shittttt THIS IS SCIENCE NOT SPORTS 	anger
	Just got an event invite for the last thirsty thursday at Annies till it reopens next year 	sadness
	Does fear fear those who can face fear without ?	fear
	Anything done OUTSIDE relationship with Jesus is religion Live in the midst of Love 	joy
	People need to know and understand that there is a difference between and 	fear
	looking forward to Its A Wonderful Life  	joy
	We are shopping at five  time goes by 6:15 Are we still going shopping 	anger
	What is it that holds us back? What is it that stops us from reaching our true potential and forces us to become who we wish to be!? 	fear
	IE finals had up to 27 judges in one room yet I'm judging LD and just judged the worst round ever Now rockhurst v Pembroke round? 	joy
	Planet earth is moving through an energy cloud by 2012 the Mankind will have evolved Mentally*Spiritually*Physically - The this!	fear
	4 hours 15 eyelets in 4 bleeding fingers headache finally find the little tool that punches the holes in the fabric for you 	anger
	Break! Take a big deep breath  let it out with a sigh Ah ahah Feel the tension leave your body Do it again! 	joy
	the lack of selection of nike spikes online is disappointing me 	sadness
	Alweer in de kantine aant w8te tot ik van start mag! Zo veeel zin in vnvnd! 	surprise
	I was so happy to hear ur touring in America :D but not on the west coast :( 	sadness
	If Reseda riots Legion Larry will straighten us all out  	fear
	My car is being totaled Thank you fool who smashed it 	anger
	Ever feel like you're losing touch with someone and they want it to happen? 	sadness
	two naps later and I still feel like I'm suffering from a really bad hangover 	joy
	 what the hell??? mathew dies on thanksgiving ohh my eyes are sweaty   	sadness
	:( Btw u do realise tht we r technically giving each other shout outs by doing this 	surprise
	Tried to watch on blogtv on TWO computers and neither would connect properly!! :(	anger
	Shit I already checked my work e-mails and discovered some 'nice' issues to solve next week :-/  	surprise
	AaallllllI have left for this paper is the conclusion!  8 paragraphs down and 1 to go!  Gotta get ready for work!  I'm late!  	surprise
	provides me with great words of wisdom  	joy
	 NO HOE NO BITCH!!!!!! THESE NIGHAZ BEEN OFF DA MAP IAM ON SUM OTHA SHIT KNWS IAM:)BLESSED	fear
	Aaahhh!! Im losing followers O_O annd i finally was able reach a 100 	sadness
	Happiness depends on happenings Always seek Joy! 	joy
	is that which acts as a barrier between the slave things forbidden by AllahIf fear is excessive it may turn into despair  pessimism	fear
	I think I would end up being the loner of the group if you don't go	joy
	'Gripped by fear' is an oddly apt phrase for times when it feels like fear is gripping you It's like you're being gripped by fear 	fear
	JUMP JUMP JUMP! RT bebeOrallo590: My dog can't jump up on my bed anymore He needs to be carried 	sadness
	The hurt you feel when you see the hurt in someone else's eyes  	sadness
	Im bouta go visit dee in Baltimore next summer but he dsnt kno it yet lol 	surprise
	stop playing basketball and become fat	fear
	spoil realtion it spoil things still we get angry y?	anger
	”fuck all ya we ignore feelings hereim never actually m alone I just always feel alone ” 	fear
	lots of Maryland action today- hopefully Field Hockey and Women's and Men's soccer will prevail - the Turtle	fear
	Did not realize how excited I was to have my Netflix stream from my computer to my TV until the cords to make this happen failed 	sadness
	The Drizzy Effect! This mixtape for me is probably the best project outta YMCMB alone is one hell of a track!	fear
	Man these Indian rappers from Brampton are almost as bad as the black ones 	sadness
	What's up with females recently? No guy is ever good enough for any of you?! Hearts seem to be spilling all over twitter 	sadness
	Some people are dickriders and it's sad to say that some of them are close friends of mine 	sadness
	Mock test ? Go crazy in dance block? Whatever after school? Hmkay I got this  	joy
	Listening to Christmas songs and cooking breakfast! 	joy
	I get to the bar and i forgot my cash and walletAGAIN   went home got it went back	anger
	test in every single subject tomorrow  	joy
	Idgaf how you cook it: deep fried oven baked smoked etc TURKEY IS THE DRIEST MEAT EVER!! gimme HAM any day!! 	disgust
	hey ladies why don't you  aka  so his will go away if you do will make you rich and famous	sadness
	chez les cousins!!!!! Last night Snif 	sadness
	Gotta bring back hunter today at noon! 	sadness
	uhhhh can't i be part of this amazing shabang at yo place? btw hope your feeling better missed you tonight :( 	sadness
	School is coming back up guess I'll start preparing myself 	joy
	dang so yesterday when i was just blowing up twitter with anger i missed my 2000th tweet i wanted to do ugh see look at that smh	anger
	philippecaillet: tu n'irais pas à Orléans par hasard ? // je pense que des gens me surveillent 	fear
	Like going to TPs on a Friday night then seeing some horrendously fat girl taking a piss outside Lloyds back 	disgust
	Goin home fot the first time after school since school started 	joy
	Not even close to tired and im waking up at 5am 	joy
	if the do not sign Jose Reyesseeing another 100+ loss season 	sadness
	That moment where that 24fl oz coors light is as over as your ipod's thanksgiving playlist 	sadness
	faceaw av U̶̲̥̅̊ bin??? U̶̲̥̅̊ change ur handle baaLouhlahSteez: hey sweeriewats up	surprise
	man he wanna b wit me not a we are a  no1 would b able to  us we shine as 	surprise
	I hate narrow minded/arrogant people Wake the hell up 	anger
	amyysaurus_rex: lol I love our extended wal-Mart trips! 3 :'( /3 I've been replaced 	sadness
	) yop RT nikitajadhav: Dost ho tho tere jaisa RT Damage_Piece:  peek jaana teredad k passRT nikitajadhav	surprise
	Only thing getting me through this day is mj playing on the radio miss ya! 	surprise
	loyalty day at church today 	joy
	I love getting graduation money six months late  	surprise
	There is danger in traditional paper media calling electronic media (youtube blogger etc) not real  	fear
	I don't actually believe in  I just believe in all the characteristics that follow     	anger
	They started construction on the lot next to our house 	sadness
	Finally put the miata on the lot for sale 	sadness
	Yea yea I'm still on it! I'm still grinding! Sleep on me if you want! I'm comin' out of nowhere!  	surprise
	I did it! I conquered nerves and  THANK YOU SO MUCH for learning the song  lol 'preciate it :)	fear
	Whiny little TwitLibs are bashing Megyn Kelly for stating a fact  Someone on MSNBC must have put them up to it 	surprise
	The occupation of Piazzale Loreto (a major square) has begun I had no idea this was planned 	joy
	The snow makes my job just slightly more bearable That is until I have to see tracksuit mcwetass and his fannypack bringing empties 	joy
	A woman worth some is certainly worth some 	anger
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Heck yea! Got my Christmas ringtone up and running! If you call me I may not answer due to the joy it provides! 	joy
	Uh oh!! Misses is home and she's not happy let's defuse this situation with abit of frozen planet and a cuppa 	fear
	Love days where I have to study for 12 hours lucky for me that's the next 6 days 	joy
	You should have a Family Happy Heartbeats Counter to count and share your daily minutes of Happiness   lets talk	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	I hate when you get a notification that someone tweeted you and it's just spam 	sadness
	“NayerMusic: Not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ” love this!	fear
	i am glad you had fun at your concert  I really wish you would RT me  I feel like giving up trying :'(  	sadness
	I haven't talked to Roger all week while I been here!  ShAwDy_LoW19	surprise
	The two people that get talked about the most in my Cross Cultural class are Lebron and Tebow  	disgust
	you don't know? Hopefully it was only fruit salad p	surprise
	imagine that portugal the man and smashing pumpkins are playing in vienna and i'm not going to either one 	sadness
	Meet Up With bra lets release the you know what ) 	surprise
	well then everyone who took your unofficial survey has been hanging out with a bunch of loser girls with no personality 	surprise
	OK ESPN If i wanted to watch Coach K I would go down a channel 	anger
	Who do you think you are begging MH to contact u or  you'll hurt yourself You're still here  she didn't tweet you 	surprise
	Rather spend money then spend time that's how i was raised 	fear
	I was brave enough ta b born in da world none	fear
	miss carmen u need to control that ask joey he does s good job : s	anger
	sickening! RT No Congresswomen present on the panel at the criminalization of abortion hearing 	surprise
	The sub is a former teacher colleague--she was so jazzed about library's role in teaching/learning  	joy
	headed to Arbutus Methodist Church to watch my girls dance  hear the choir sing 	joy
	This  Is Composed of Two  a Tear of And a Tear of By: Miss_FF_90	sadness
	my mom had my Bean Boots sent to my house so much for a  on Christmas morning  	surprise
	Can't believe  has repeated the same episode of   for the second day straight 	anger
	Devrais-je me coucher ou continuer à veiller jusqu'a ce que j'entende un bruit et penser à mes parents qui viennent ? 	fear
	Phone tag with cherie 	joy
	Mock Week next week :( At least I have Wednesday off!	joy
	 Being able to relax and let go forget stress and give gifts to loved ones and see smiles :) Gives me 	joy
	Watching Citizen Kane It's  on my movie list I didn't expect it to be funny and yet I am laughing! 	surprise
	sometime I don't even have to talk to my kids I give them certain looks and they know exactly what to do 	fear
	dont things just  what you didnt do and make sure you do them the next time you can	fear
	i love how i always think I'm gonna have a great day nothing ever happens like i think it will another shitty dayy 	surprise
	Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger You see one can only be angry with those he respects ~Richard M Nixon 	anger
	Yeahh you dnt like me but still ill ride around ya side of town wit no in my blood	fear
	Ya un Orga il mdoii 200Balle maii il faii le maliin a pa Rep Kil continue heiiin 	surprise
	I have management issuesstillafter taking dem sucky ass classes 3 times already smgdh	anger
	I was walking through barnes and noble today and a random lady asked me if I wanted to pet the live snake wrapped around her arm 	surprise
	Pour info BAT FOR LASHES à déclare récemment n'être seulement qu'au premier stade d'écriture du nouvel album 	sadness
	Excited for Friday(: I love my best friend 	surprise
	I miss her so much Huhhhh!!! If only i had that chance to b with her before she left!!! 	sadness
	Just made the finished the last power point for the semester for Progressive Caucus  	sadness
	I want to watch the next chapter from revenge I been waiting for a week 	sadness
	Lazy glistening Sunday afternoon Mass tonight at the Eucharistic Shrine 	joy
	There is nothing I like better than watching Daniel Day Lewis ambling around in period costumes yelling stuff with some awesome accent	joy
	ohhh hahaha yeah It's pretty annoying Christmas music playing too 	joy
	Random dog ran into my house? Her name was Sheela hahahahaha 	surprise
	Didn't get a good morning text 	sadness
	Bus stop cigaret vending machines& even if you didn't smoke you are now 	sadness
	She is singing the Chilli Peppers? Which one? Oh it's the slow one 	surprise
	I wanna take a nap but I cnt :-( s/n  Babies have a wonderful day  dnt let anyone steal yur 	joy
	I miss you:( it feels weird showering alone And not waking up to your alarm 	sadness
	Zo de kado's gekocht voor het  van nu nog maken en  schrijven	surprise
	I'm scared I'll waste my life being Joe Shmoe with no dough 	fear
	Lousy pay slip shitty system at work christmas will be shit 	anger
	is a reaction Courage is a decision	fear
	now I went and saw Stacy's tweet myself MB she is telling the truth if so wtf? Imma investigate!! 	anger
	i miss you lizski! we also need to hang out because i haven't seen you since camp 	sadness
	makes me happy I love their lipsticks muchnbett than high end mac!	joy
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	 of when your phone starts falling towards your face  but you save it 	fear
	Trrying to tell someone how you're on the verge of crying but you can't stop smiling and you feel like laughing 3   *	sadness
	In God's presence is fullness of     	joy
	Vegas tomorrow waking up at 4 am to go to the airport yeaa :( 	joy
	Not looking forward to getting yelled at tomorrow at school 	joy
	Are you afraid of something? Read Isaiah 41:13 Don’t be afraid Take the LORD our God by the hand and let Him help you  	fear
	Hahahha ohh yes! good thing he doesnt have a twitter! I say we dont tell him 	surprise
	'I shouldn't treat you badly I'm a dick' - why act like one then? headphones in and ignore the world 	sadness
	Lol newness of this life smh RT DonSanTwon: LB! im chillen chillenhow the neo life treatin u bruh?	disgust
	well if your family has pork for dinner tomorrow they may not be al qaeda but listen for talk of insurrection and anyways	fear
	Et alors? Tant qu'on a pas vendu on a pas perdu c'est ça que pense la CDD? 	fear
	At CHEO for MRI this morning - Striking reminder that if you don't have a sick child CHEO then you can't be having such a bad day 	sadness
	That awkward moment when your Thanksgiving company unloads their luggage and says they're staying for a week 	surprise
	okay but i have a feeling when that time comes you'll become silent and it wont happen 	sadness
	I can't wait to just sleep in tomorrow! I must study tonight and tomorrow and the next night oh and 3 essays due!	joy
	you know people that say I want this under my X-mas tree  post a picture of a celebrity? Just get a cardboard cutout of them 	surprise
	The laundry room in our basement currently houses the world's largest cricket 	fear
	totally so the fucking man as long as Jesus forgives you anythings okay 	disgust
	when dis blow up all u going hear is that is a campionite start it 	sadness
	If u can't find in a bowl of icecream u won't find it in an unopened half gallon 	joy
	 Damn I thought Opie was about to Hulk out 	anger
	Great Jay is coming out of Daniel Get ready for a rage	anger
	I really wish deer season  would hurry and end! I miss sleeping late with my husband spending time with him! BlakeCantrell11	sadness
	You're beautiful and amazing lol And honestly I hope and pray you don't have a boyfriend lol 	surprise
	Uhhh Migraine Go away!! I'm not sure if I'm about to pass out or vomit Uhh I wish someone was here to hold me! 	sadness
	listening to some throwbacks pretty sure im going to marry him one day he just doesnt know it yet! 	surprise
	oh yes haha and I watched the game So the haven't lost this many in a row in like 20 years 	sadness
	Sarebbe carino organizzare un flash mob bollywoodiano anche a Milano Rimane la definizione anche se siamo in due massimo tre? 	sadness
	Zoo gedichtje uitgeprint Nu surprise puntjes op de i  en klaar voor morgen :) 	surprise
	Gonna miss release show because I got asked to work 	sadness
	Extra celebrations in order this weekend One month since celebrity elopement with GinoTheFilipino! 	surprise
	why ppl ignore wo like them  like who ignore themall guys r same here  no1 r helpfull  ve covered me	sadness
	They Say Not payin Somethin No Mind Is a Better Choice Shit I Begg 2 Differ ignorin it makes it Worse Then Make U Wanna Fight 	anger
	Está quase tudo pronto para a  agora só falta eu comprar aquele chapéu de bruxa para a festa de halloween que irá ter lá 	joy
	PRONTO Repitoo Muy PRONTO Os Voy a Sorprender Con algo :D shhhh :D	surprise
	There's my iPod armband that was missing for two weeks On my desk Ostensibly there the whole time 	anger
	hahaha wow I feel so privileged to be such an  in your dream 	surprise
	ahay ndi ko kaya sagad2 cnyu ://// omg promise sagad ka gd gurooo palaroooooo ka bla sagad ka ah promise ndi ko sagad  	fear
	I would hate to get a rejected letter from a college 	fear
	Omw back home - walking 	joy
	Praise God from whom all blessings flow!   	joy
	Hanging with and its_TTime_10  since aka chubber bubbers and em went to bed! 	sadness
	Science MOCK tomorrow if I don't get a C I go on foundation 	joy
	How big the wave or a ripple depends on the size of substance u throw into a still pond 	anger
	 the best part is I don't think he knows that I know it's his birthday 	surprise
	i should really get rid of my phone All it does is bring misery 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today less	fear
	Een zondag lekker thuis en zeker genoeg te doen  's   bedenken De dag is nu al te kort	surprise
	Well Both are fine I'm not though Khenso and I stayed up all night last night waiting for you to call 	sadness
	When you're pissed off and people don't know when to stop 	anger
	I'm so ready to go to sleep but waiting for my grandparents to stop by 	joy
	Westminster soccer coach wants to meet with me AND I'm supposed to let him know if/when I'm playing indoor  	anger
	Girl ii wanna  yo ass soooo bad !! but guess what iim just venting iim in control of my 	anger
	My  Done Got Bad Fuck I Feel Like Leting Out My On Someone :(	anger
	You can't  and at the same time Choose love ~JG	fear
	I made 2 pumpkin pies and only had 1 small slice :'( 	sadness
	!! RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Read my horoscope said my day was going to suck 	surprise
	 Scary ppl killin outta Amazing Intresting Fact  -   Gary Indiana is the murder capital of the US - probably the world	fear
	It sucks when you're enjoying a movie and you know it's a minute away from ending 	sadness
	Så har julklappsinköpen dragit igång Känner inte igen mig själv det är mer än en vecka till jul?	surprise
	I Broke Up With Cause I Finally Realized It Was Holding Me Back I'm In Love With  Now It's Now My Motivation	fear
	Stoke score from a set piece ( corner ) 	surprise
	remember this we took your land thanks so much day that we're winning the war on terror by an AMAZING margin but keep your up people	fear
	Have a GREAT DAY tweeps!!! Love y'all and live w/ the of Christ today!!!  !	joy
	I've got the best gift for dirty Santa for Jessie's party tonight 	surprise
	Cannot believe ollies home! After 5 months to knock on our door as if he'd never been anywhere !!! :D	surprise
	In tears with !!!! Why the fuck do i let this shit get to me??!!!??!!!	anger
	 has been the most relaxed week i have had in 11 and a half months! i know but it's a start! x   	surprise
	Na de blackcrowes nu bruce RT FabianDijkstra: Zwarte Cross lijkt me heel erg onwaarschijnlijk om eerlijk te zijn	surprise
	Dead!!! RT 1st_ClassAct: My grandmother won't let me step foot in the kitchen 	sadness
	Aller chez une  ce week-end en ayant les ongles rongés et croutés 	fear
	I bet! When I watched soap operas back in the day the news would cut in the middle of pivotal moments haha	sadness
	Can't find my face soap I'm bout to wash my face with Bath soap 	sadness
	 Ur listening to music on ur shuffle and all the songs playing are Adele-like songs 	sadness
	Heading to campus in the rain to take grad photos 	joy
	Salut à tous quoi de prévue pour aujourd'hui ? Pour moi sa sera nouveau shooting en studio nouveau style je vous en dit pas plus 	surprise
	 is to do calc problemsthat has been my life for the last 3 hours and will be for the rest of the night 	joy
	9 more steps please RT OK I'm watching Turning point and they are feature Jets and Bills  	anger
	I can only listen to Death Cab fro Cutie for short periods of times 	sadness
	Got woken up today by my step dad  	surprise
	Think I best get some sleep I've got 'Killer Tuesday' tomorrow 	joy
	and know i pop bottles cause i bottle my emotions at least i put it all in the open   	fear
	holt shit Your new =3 got removed by youtube 	sadness
	my mom just told me we're staying in kansas another day i have no clean clothes to leave in	surprise
	i miss when MTV was all about Pimp My Ride and Yo Momma 	sadness
	but I'm not allowed wearing them to school 	sadness
	Took Leah to a play group Guess who's still sleeping? frustrated beyond belief He leaves for wrk in TWO hrs GET UP  B W/ L!!	surprise
	It amazes me how seems to b the chosen method of persuasion in our society these days Not 	fear
	For Each A Road For Every Man A Religion Face Everybody And Rule Fuck Everything And Rumble 	fear
	Fat stank people ME	disgust
	j'ai découvert que les gros bolos de ma classe super geeks et coincés ne buvaient pas d'alcool 	surprise
	Maths exam business studies exam english exam and a science exam this week 	joy
	I'm gonna tell my 14 year old sister a bedtime story 	joy
	Good morning my honey missing you loads have a good day	sadness
	should come to my home because i am terribly bored 	sadness
	 Seein' folks  overcome limitations by seeing that THEY can be who they DREAM! That their capacity for is the compass!	joy
	Damn I wanted to make Blondies and opened the fridge to not having any butter  	sadness
	Wow  is in top 10 for worlds fastest internet speed  index  	surprise
	Joy of all joys the crisis team are coming 	joy
	Fear controls this world more than anything The fear to stand out The fear to love someone The fear of getting hurt 	fear
	Not telling anyone what the song for tonight is Gonna be a 	surprise
	At work and every blonde girl that passes I think it's ambscrowe94 I miss her! 	sadness
	waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay the trailer for the final episode killed me not my Cora I dunno if I can watch it 	fear
	I still think it's hilarious you live in hahawhen you told me I thought it really WAS a surprise! lol	surprise
	Sooo sad  RT Ohh_AC: Soooooo one of Famu's drum majors died after his performance yesterday 	sadness
	is the weapon of choice that  uses against the saints of the Most HighFear   you won't have the fear of the world✡Prov2:5	fear
	Some things can ruin your day real quick 	surprise
	That awkward moment when a fat guy cockblocks you away from a hot guy 	sadness
	Went to a park in Bolton earlier that blew my mind Also found out that Bolton is the biggest town in western europe Decent place 	surprise
	My ipod is missing and I'm having serious separation anxiety :( 	sadness
	love you3 too bad you didn't go to practice on saturday i was actually there! 	sadness
	Im just a romantic midwestern guy with his heart on his sleeve and his dick in his fist    	sadness
	they had songs about me in middle school and elementary the names they called me still hurt to this day 	sadness
	When we - We create an invisible force-field which prevents our      from visiting our !	fear
	found out im going black friday shopping at midnight instead of 3 am 	joy
	Ever since I got this job I haven't on twitter I feel like I'm Misses Sooo Much Stuff I miss my Followers 	sadness
	There was a penny today in my food at Jack N The Box 	disgust
	Finished the 1st stanza of my 1st guitar song Getting my and  out there Probably still going to be shit mind	anger
	Merry Christmas to one of my sweetest friends ~~ ~~ truly want for your holidays!	joy
	That really obvious thing that the one person you want to notice doesn't 	sadness
	Females are so thirty Please get a glass of water  sit TF down U can get up when u called upon 	disgust
	Fearless means no need of the Courage 	fear
	Thank God that the and  won  It really made my day :D  	joy
	Damn it feels good not to live in 	fear
	Man United à la trappe pour le moment 	surprise
	just watched the Muppet Movie and have the biggest grin on my face 	joy
	On another note Guess who just liked another photo? 	surprise
	Whoop - shopping at  tonight - cocktails RevolutionBars fab     VIP deals bobboutiquehair!	joy
	Dear Twitter You homepage now looks like one of those fake pages you get when u misspell a URL FIX IT! -Kevin 	disgust
	simula nong sumaBak ako sa mundo ng twitter hnd pa ako nkktanggap ng kht isang HI mula sau :(	sadness
	If mac miller fucking remixes another eminem song I will die You sir have forever ruined a classic  	anger
	And the of the  fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around  so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat	fear
	Lost my chronic cd :|  	sadness
	For the record I'm cool with virgins but these roommates are completely destroying feminism 	sadness
	Well done!! :D Bon bah maintenant il ne te reste plus qu'à réviser pour les finals! 	joy
	“krustykins: Jon bought me a luffly Radley purse yesterday Radley_London”  very nice lucky you!! x	joy
	Wedding at my house today!! 	surprise
	K ga op 5 december een vuilniszak voor iemand zn deur leggen aanbellen en dan keihard wegrennen  :$	surprise
	I obey no border I need no papers I ask no permission I have no title I no man I have no  -   	fear
	Want to let your parents know that you're gay? Tell them during Christmas dinner 	surprise
	met pim emile paul en wachten op tom	surprise
	so you guys know how to connect to hang outs on the app? I'm not sure which button to push! 	sadness
	Nothing that infuriates me more than perverts I hope this man gets his head bashed in 	disgust
	Im often afraid to fall asleep because i worry the world will go and  on me by the time i wake  	fear
	Hope you guys enjoyed seeing my face smashed against the bus window staring at you guys 	surprise
	c est normal que les gens ne répondent pas aux mains pour les stages ? 	fear
	One coffee a day keeps the bad mood away 	joy
	“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today ”	fear
	Break! If you could be anywhere on Earth what would be the best? What would it feel like to be there right now? 	joy
	Cant believe this teacher forgot she had lunch time and I am now an hour early to observation 	anger
	Quand je vais dans certain coin en île de France j'ai l'impression d'être dans un autre monde cc aulney cc Clichy-sous-bois 	fear
	Man I think it was dope as hell to see Suh Smash that dudes head into the ground a few times and Curb stomp him show enough the 	fear
	and  have equivalent power The first moves you backward and the second moves you forward 	fear
	OMFG ! Vous devez utiliser Internet Explorer pour visualiser ce site  	fear
	Aujourd'hui j'ouvre une nouvelle liste : mes vitamines mentales serez-vous dedans ? 	surprise
	John Arne Riise flattens the man who once flattened him with a golf club 	joy
	I lost my seeds! Now how am i suppose to plant my mctrees! D: 	sadness
	I Hope Everything Goes Well Though I Feel Quite extra Being There? :O Hmm !	surprise
	To Twitter  Facebook Police- Santa Clause isn't real some people think cucumbers taste better pickled  OJ did that shit 	surprise
	Jax with the parents and sister tonight! Too bad I'm mad at my mom mom cause she finished my puzzle!!	anger
	My fan sounds like it's gonna fall off the ceiling 	joy
	SE1 is safer than you think just discovered my car has been outside my house unlocked for 2days She's a pretty decent car too 	surprise
	Eindelijk heeft iedereen in het  huis door dat mike een loser is waarmee je niet gezien wil worden 	surprise
	Mrs Carole at Baptist Physical Therapy you're too nice Thanks for the Chick Fil A!   	surprise
	Empathy and understanding are 2 of the most powerful diffusion tools     	anger
	Parce qu'on me la proposait Sauf que l'auteur et mon amie ont oublié de me préciser que c'était une death fic *-* 	surprise
	it's the end of the week and we didn't do lunch next week needs to happen!	sadness
	Why are you sad? RT EmmMcCarty1915: -shakes head-	sadness
	y do females let ex's run them into a lonely ass whole while he still out doin homei dnt kno if i shud smh at him or her 	disgust
	se um dia eu disser q não te amo é q eu te mo ainda mais! Se um dia eu disser q não te quero  é que eu te quero ainda mais! 	fear
	after 6 years olf faithful backpacks zipper breaks 	sadness
	Christmas 2010 Memories with my dad Last 1 w/ him  in the thought that he's celebrating this year w/ the  	joy
	Gisteravond had ik nog een briljant idee in me hoofd voor een Sinterklaas gedicht Alleen is me blaadje nu nog leeg 	surprise
	What if the town through a gingerbread party and no one showed up?  I mean it's 60 degrees what if no one comes to our storytimes! 	fear
	Them $4 could have went to my flat screen!! Why u had to be hungry and get sumtn to eat?! 	anger
	It's hard when you something you have to do! Just because you don't feel like you're ready Am I ready to ???	fear
	Yet we are unable to effect and change what and whom we see that negatively affects usWhy operate in  	fear
	Only a couple more hours until I'm seeing Mamma Mia :) Better glam myself up 	surprise
	Sometimes I go to Hooters and see the same ol dusty perverts that were there when I worked Just preying on naive young girls Smh 	disgust
	Isn't it shameful to be using vulgar language steeped in 'under the belt' flirt tactics/humour once you breach the age of 25? 	disgust
	Playa playa deck of cards  	surprise
	Oh no not allowed to leave my room!   	surprise
	when in my 19 years of existence have I wrote like that? And good job 	surprise
	B_EasyETP: Somebody brang me a nice helping of chitterlings Seem like im the only 1 eat em 	disgust
	 de plaat op  en win een bij DJ Marien/Marion op wwwnradio2nl vanaf 2000 uur	surprise
	The  drew the line for me Now I am extremely jealous of anyone who owns a PS3 WHERE DID ALL THE  EXCLUSIVES GO?! 	anger
	'Tis an unbelievable feeling I could cry laugh and scream at the top of my voice I still wouldn't be able to make u understand! :') 	joy
	 IS MR PRIMETIME??FAKE ASS RD LAME!!LOL U KNW U MY BABY!	joy
	De  sneldicht Piet: vandaag van 16:00-21:00 uur zit  daar klaar en maakt al uw dichtwensen klaar!   	surprise
	My cat is so frikkin annoying when I am trying to do some work he just sits on all of my books 	anger
	Oh Yes I should check my email about that Oh hey look! A package is waiting there 	surprise
	 You Would Be Mad Too!! LoL RT RoneDaRuler: lol I would love to cut you off 	joy
	i would lose sleep for  and  any night! 	surprise
	  yeh it will be fun!  dress up girls were going to the hottest place in town 	surprise
	Never woulda guessed this is how today was gunna go The way my morning went i thought i was fucked& a lovely 	surprise
	I wish I was in london so I could go to trafalgar square I wish I could meet you all 	sadness
	Sitting in my room eating cool whip :pgoing to see the fan later 	joy
	my shock has finally started to fade and i can now say this: jim Magic IGNORED me yesterday he was too busy chatting with hanna… 	sadness
	“primadonna_lala: I wanna pre-order Rapture but I dont have any $      ” Nice 	sadness
	You should be excited for tonight's staff meeting libbydavis15 It'll be nothing like anything you've ever experienced before 	surprise
	awckward moment when an ugly guy hits on me 	disgust
	2daiz back! Nd now broLB_Phrasebeatz: RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	my mo said im not allowed to get picked up from school tomorrow  because i didnt go today ): 	sadness
	Wondering if I shouldn't eat anything tomorrow to build the suspense and shock my stomache into a surprise Thanksgiving! Haha !!!	surprise
	many ppl lie 2 themselves even when 1 cud plainly point out 2 dat person totally rationally reasons why they're lying 2 themselves 	sadness
	I'm covered in pink painthow do I do that? 	surprise
	Brandi's cover of Roy Orbison It's Overand it is officially over for her touring at least here for quite a bit 	sadness
	Apparently shoes do not fly if you throw them out of a moving vehicle 	surprise
	Demand in  is not sectarian the govt uses divide  conquer policy 2 silence dissent  build in society Change is inevitable	fear
	Fantastic expectations amazing revelations 	fear
	About to leave bailey flowers on her step 	surprise
	nice underscores there copycat   All Stars without you tonight  	sadness
	Je fuis IRC avant que ne me tombe dessus pour avoir fait un mix petit poney + 3615 malife 	fear
	Why is it that you always manage to creep into my head and make me depressed 	sadness
	Gorobag oom watiRT zozemandolang: nampak ada yang baru warna item di garasi *tutup mata dulu* 	surprise
	Why does every single thing have to terrify me more than it should 	fear
	Rememember that feeling when you was a kid and u opened a present to receive clothes   	anger
	Aw that was a cute Kim and Kris moment 	sadness
	I am fucking extremely full!! 	joy
	Thanks but I think a puck to the eye means he probably will stay clear of the Garden 	sadness
	164 pages of yearbook approved Print and be damned :-)  	fear
	Hell week started a day early 	joy
	Cor heeft me weer opgezadeld met een berg werk wat ie ook prima zelf had kunnen doen… 	surprise
	I stepped in poo between my apartment and my job    	anger
	A day of non stop fun for me! Jam packed with cleaning and washing 	joy
	on their calendar like how mad are you? smh there isn't one player in the NBA I feel has ever had that impact where you're already in 	fear
	pfff ik moet nog een voor een meisje uit de klas makenEens kijken wat ik kan maken met twee dozen en een closetrol	surprise
	Church for a Christmas play 	joy
	Hour practice before the game 	joy
	I'd offer to do a strip tease but my wife is currently hormonal and might kill me 	fear
	Outta  put 10% in the offering now finna go treat my mother out she dont know yet  	surprise
	Making watch KKTNY tonight 	surprise
	Oh crap Saw a cockroach in the kitchen Should I ignore it or go for it? T_T 	fear
	date checking frozen section :( its never rotated properly :'( 	sadness
	SPent 3 hours in Starbucks discovering what ARC does in  	joy
	my mom told me it was family night 	surprise
	last email sent - time to head home for yummy curd rice and be back here… 	joy
	je vois que ça clash chaud ici après tu dis que moi je termine les gens!! Dis lui qu'elle arrête le coca aussi	surprise
	Come check out our fabulous new home in  We're now at Semiahmoo House   	joy
	Somehow I've got to get to trend That way I can have another way to spread fear across the world without needing an inhaler	fear
	A fatpig like kenny should roll himself in a pool of syrupThen lock himself in a cage under the sun Let some red ants bite him 	anger
	you've burst my left eardrum!! 	sadness
	Chilling at the funeral home on a rainy day listening to !	fear
	3 test today Passed 2! Yay for me!!!  But Lord I need your help on this next one!  +  + 	fear
	 just pissed me off with his response to my textso much that I just deleted his number issues	anger
	Thought you had Must have been a careless command-x on my part RT SpaceCowboyInLG:  dang I didn't make the 6 words post I 	sadness
	 Wow more  already!? I absolutely didn't expect that to happen! Thanks for sharing!  	surprise
	good morning to the   fellow seekerGood morning good morning  welcome 	joy
	legs are killing me and I'm on the animal unit allday tommorrow 	sadness
	Fancy dress on Tuesday is going to be so funny! 	surprise
	Uuuugh 7 week old weave!!!!! Now that's just nasty!!!!! 	disgust
	 so the Xmas drinks season begins there's several functions on every night between now  Xmas 	joy
	Strictly avoid frightening ideas 	fear
	For some reason naps make my eyes swell up I gotta fight the urge to nap now :( 	sadness
	Who would of thought getting 4 new tyres for my car could be more of a challenge! 	joy
	I Ordered This Fall Colored Orange Blazer It's BEAUTIFUL 	joy
	indeed Hope it's a quick fix!!!	sadness
	Vorrei tanto parlargli ora che è online ma tanto so che gli do solo fastidio TT qualcuno mi dia qualche consiglioooooo! 	sadness
	I'm currently walking around the store with an Elf voice changer and singing Christmas songs to ALL of the Target customers! 	joy
	Sink is broken so no  2night: Was going to be lambnow just pbj! 	sadness
	If my tears hold value I will drop one for every single thing he showed Us 	fear
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	BLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH A week from yesterday it'll be a year since the second time I met 	sadness
	is the feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind	anger
	I just left my carver senior legacy to two of my girlsthey gone be happy when they receive it!!!  	surprise
	if I be  I'll cry I don't wanna die alone  	fear
	I come home and my little sister is having a slumber party at my house	joy
	Bought some Christmas crackers for the first time!  What's in them usually?  	surprise
	RT follow and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends!  	surprise
	Ugh I just remembered there is a monster test in Japanese tomorrow 	joy
	Sitting in class looking down on my hands nail polish looking shabby 	sadness
	Feelings hurt: thanksgiving meal pushed back a few hours 	sadness
	you are missed greatly I was 20 minutes late lol 	surprise
	Overnight with AmaruSadiq Had fun wandering aimlessly all around KL ☺	joy
	I can't take disgusting conversation every morning I honestly wanna throw up 	disgust
	My and  is lifted I think I'm going to pass  and maybe even do half decent Got a 90% on the third 	fear
	Sometimes i do wish i had black hairit is much eaiser to find hair weave   :(	sadness
	I am OPEN to all the good  of life!     	joy
	A very early morning here Company CSR Day will be with old peoplewooweee Sending all   	joy
	Damn! Mother Father and Son all stinky n musty Such a shame n sad situation Who will tell th other hey you need to shower smdh 	disgust
	My soul magnifies the Lord for He has done great things for me 	joy
	didnt notice you wanted to watch taylor swift dominate the AMA's more then you wanted to watch me slay dragons 	sadness
	If you call me a pussy again im going to shove my fist down your throat and wave you around like a ragdoll  has issues	anger
	They say true love hides behind every corner I must be walking in circles! 	sadness
	Heb nu alle kadotjes Nu nog een idee en uitwerking voor derest 	surprise
	Thought i had hours left to sleep my alarm went off	surprise
	sex tampons simple tampon the rolling tampons razorTampon the tampon detectives shut up  tampon hahahah 	joy
	he has literally been sleeping almost the entire day put  because hes sick :( 	sadness
	People have some big mouths! Keep me name outta you mouth! Ughhh  	anger
	I expect a celebratory christmas nuzzle before xmas or I might die  	sadness
	Astronaut__High: factor use to be the best game show to watch	fear
	Christmas lights? Check! :) now its time to decorate inside 	joy
	moms mad at me = gotta decorate the christmas tree before she gets home to get on her good side  	surprise
	Ohhhh dit wordt heel erg   heeeeeeeeeeel erg  	surprise
	damn dude  Did it to myself in the end Gotta keep my head up  move on	sadness
	hehe!! U guys won't believe this: dad just narrated venye aliruka fence sum tym baK 	surprise
	of losing my spark haunts me everyday	fear
	or even worse: when they get them and then just read them to me over the phone! 	anger
	i feel like want to tears when i watch that video 	sadness
	En serio? Tu estas jodiendo? RT SanMelquiades: Me llegó un cheque de estimulo federal este año tambien hay? 	surprise
	Annoying as fuck how av seen 6 times and then munters who hadn't even heard of him till last year bought al the tickets!! 	anger
	A leader is a coach not a judge     	fear
	is not a bad feeling or an embarrassment Its an amazing sensation One needs fear in life Embrace it	fear
	great live performance by katy perry 	surprise
	Time for bed before a big day of packing/moving and yet more packing 	joy
	GO  EXPECTING MORE - GOD'S method and means are  our comprehension 	surprise
	Ok estudiantes of Oklahoma State the student section is basically empty  	sadness
	ooooh early shifts ooh my dear early shifts why don't you all go to f**k off! 	sadness
	staying home tomorrow to decorate the house before my mom gets home 	surprise
	This little girl's death in Canton GA just broke up my Christmas bubble a little There really are monsters in this world 	sadness
	Can't find an online rental for Jurassic Park anywhere and our VHS is f-ed up Today a tradition may get ruined 	sadness
	haha nah man I'll miss that lab actually and last clad with ya 	sadness
	One more day One more day One more day 	surprise
	 messages are a constant from the  and today from the so-called progressive WH  	anger
	off to another exciting day at work :( 	joy
	That awkward moment when u drop your fudgesicle down the stairs 	sadness
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	Doesn't matter that I don't know all the words to Have Yourself A Merry Little  I sound GOOD 	joy
	wachten tot de verf droog is en dan weer verder (: 	surprise
	another one of your goodies came in the mail the other day!   :)	surprise
	Volgende ronde: een dj-draai/scratchtafel Beginnen en maar zien wat ontstaat Eerst lp's in de verf (pizzaonderkanten) 	surprise
	thanks for the coupon mom just reminding me no zoo lights for me this year 	sadness
	Equinox by Skrillex really makes for some fucked up dreams I guess I'd rather NOT sleep than wake up from CALL 911 NOWW! :P	surprise
	ok I brought a Bama sweater and I thought about you so I was going to buy you one but it wasn't my money 	surprise
	Going to cry over not going to bristol gig this week but instead revise for history 	joy
	omg but wait my mom got done early so shes coming to get us NOW 	surprise
	Kitty slept in her crate last night I didn't like it 	sadness
	Wonderlijk hoe alles zo last minute toch op z'n plaats valt! vordert lekker gedicht 5a en 5b en 6 zijn ook alweer klaar	surprise
	I think they call this Um Venting 	fear
	First time I was in a good mood all day:') actually got along with my parents 	surprise
	WHENEVER THE PROBLEM TAKES ME 45 MINUTES TO DO THE ANSWER IS USUALLY ZERO 	anger
	is the wrong use of imagination It is anticipating the worst not the best 	fear
	Getting spit upon makes you wet It does not make you angry is your choice RT recovengineer	anger
	How Can Your Afro Be Sticking Out The Back Of Your Snap Back :O 	sadness
	Can't wait until you're back N Los Angeles A Night of Hope was so inspirational when u were at Dodgers Stadium That's  	joy
	I love ur family!!! Ahahah adottamiiiiii qua a tavola bevo solo io e uno deo fratello! 	sadness
	IM ALL OUT OF BUTTER PECAN ICE CREAM! WHAT'S A BITCH TO DO? 	sadness
	Got a full day today! -_-	joy
	I live my life in cuz ain't tryna get stung out here YA FEEL ME	fear
	-___-my brother and father spoiled the surpriselol I'm gonna call my grandmother and tell her we ain't comingLmbo 	surprise
	I may need a formal ticket tomorrow 	surprise
	Someone needs to invent a dream recorder Cause I be so sad when I forget my dreams 	sadness
	Since he's working Ill go visit him on break 	surprise
	can't wait to see his face tomorrow :D 	surprise
	guh n tha was in the cafe soo jus imagine how i felt o_O 	disgust
	around the world in 80 days + dove = sunday afternoon 	joy
	I hate flop nights You get excited then BAM nothing happens  another night	sadness
	Am A Frustrated Kid That's Why Am Easily Pissed Off   	anger
	nu nog even de laatste piekfijne puntjes aan mn surprise verbeteren zodat ie perfect is en dan ben ik alweer klaar! 	surprise
	Oh and to the 4 sluts behind us at the game you guys are only remotely attractive when your shirts are off 	disgust
	stupid Iphone4 is broke again  hopefully this will work only 5 more hours!! 	joy
	Family outing to the doctors today 	joy
	You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face~ E Roosevelt	fear
	not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today 	fear
	“No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear” — Edmund Burke  	fear
	Mango face mask on Let the pampering begin 	joy
	grandma just pulled a knife out of the christmas decorations boxbeen lost since last year 	surprise
	is suck a Big x Strong word	fear
	not good! But hey things are looking up Thursday night football :) 	joy
	I just wrapped the first Christmas present of the year :) 	joy
	so happy my mommy took work off over winter break to spend time with me :) 	joy
	The whole class failed the physics 	joy
